lentwenty ratingthree Facebook worked fine on my phone till this last update now I cant use it at all on my phone.
lennine ratingone As a result, fb stop running many many times.
lenfour ratingone not like the website.
lentwo ratingone Update sucks.
lensix ratingtwo please fix or gonna stop using.
lentwo ratingtwo Inconsistent implementation.
lenfour ratingone This app sucks now
lenseven ratingone please fix these problems its soooo fustrating :/
leneight ratingfour I can just read n like others though.
lenten ratingone Very annoying, I always end up using the mobile app.
lensix ratingone I'm done this app sucks!
lenten ratingone It may be faster but it doesn't always work.
lenfive ratingone My phone is HTC Explorer.
lenfive ratingone Sucks ever since the update!
lenfourteen ratingtwo The last update of facebook has some guds and many bads  at time worst.
leneleven ratingone My friends haven't upgraded theirs n they can do it.
lenthree ratingone Ugh this sucks ..
lenfive ratingone Ugh wish I didnt upgrade.
lensix ratingone I am hating this app lately.
lenthree ratingfour Finger licking good
lenthree ratingfour Uninstalled and reinstalled!
lenfour ratingtwo Facebook went to hell.
leneight ratingfour It is the best app for facebook users...
lenfourteen ratingfour ya it has some bad things but it doesn't effect on its rating...
lenten ratingfour It provides 80% of the functionality of the normal web-site.
lensixteen ratingfour Assuming I just didn't miss the selection in the app, it needs the following functionality:
lensixteen ratingfour GMail will stop blinking on the phone if I clear the email queue at their website.
lenfive ratingtwo Overall, a poorly done app.
lentwelve ratingone How do you continue to make this app worse with every release?
lennine ratingfour This is the best facebook ever on any platform....
lennine ratingtwo This is the most unreliable app on my phone.
lenseven ratingone It just gets worse with every update.
lennine ratingone They need to put some serious work into this
lenfive ratingone this app is completely horrible.
lennine ratingone If theres nothin wrong then dont bother updating it.
lenseven ratingone Yes I have uninstalled/reinstalled twice now.
leneight ratingtwo Way below what I would expect from facebook.
lennine ratingone Previous update worked perfect, this one is the opposite.
lentwelve ratingtwo Most of the time I just use the internet on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingone The developers should be ashamed of themselves for putting out such a disaster!
lensix ratingone does anyone actually work at facebook?!?
lenseven ratingtwo It feels like there's something missing..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I think with a bit of polishing, it could become better, but it is still no where near as polished as iOS.
lenthree ratingone Soooo inconvenient & annoying!
lenseven ratingone Quicker browser fb directly on internet app.
lenseven ratingone Uninstalled then reinstalled but still can't :(
lensix ratingone So frustrating please sort it out!!!!
lenfour ratingone It's utter bollocks.
lenseven ratingone Wish I hadn't done the update
leneighteen ratingfour I pretty much liked the upgrade i liked the way they changed the comments and notifications way easier.
lenseven ratingone How do I search for page's?
leneleven ratingone Its quicker to access the mobile site than use this app.
lenthree ratingone IT WASNT BROKE...
leneleven ratingone Why is it not yet repaired after so many users complained? !?!?!?
lenseven ratingone I like an older version FIX IT
lenseven ratingone One day works like its supposed to...
lenfive ratingone Wake up devs you fail...
lenfour ratingone Updates from the archives?
lenfive ratingone Are we on Candid Camera?
lenseven ratingone earlier version was way better than this...
lensix ratingone Sticking to the browser mobile site.
lenten ratingone Can do all of the same stuff on it anyway.
lenseven ratingone is this some sort of bussines politics?
lensix ratingthree Being cheap on the servers perhaps.
lentwelve ratingtwo I love using facebook & it's now easier to load a status.
lennine ratingtwo I wouldn't mind if it was working properly......
lenthirteen ratingone Every time this stupid app  trys to update it gets worse and worse.
lentwelve ratingone yet you are unable to get a simple phone app to work?!?
lenfour ratingone From; Your angriest consumer
lenseventeen ratingthree For some reason everything is sudently playing up so had to resault in using the mobile site.
lenfifteen ratingtwo a lot of pipol using this app y not care to fix all the bugs!!!
lenten ratingtwo I'm getting ones I have looked at 2 days previously.
leneight ratingone Wish I could revert back to last version!!!!!!
lenthree ratingone This upgrade sucks..
leneleven ratingone If it's not broke don't try to fix it!
lenfour ratingone I hate this update!
lentwelve ratingone That is a sign of an app that needs to go away.
lennine ratingone Uninstalled updates to see if that would fix it.
lenfive ratingtwo The new format just rocks.
lenfour ratingone Uninstalled and reinstalled twice.
lenthree ratingone Didn't help.
lensixteen ratingthree I use it ALL the time & I would love to update it on my LG OptimisZip.
lenseven ratingone I expect more from a "top developer"!!!!!
lenfour ratingone Wtf worst update ever.
lenfive ratingtwo Getting better all the time.
lenten ratingone It was fine before the update fix it now please!
lenseven ratingfour Starting to see the benefits, very nice.
leneight ratingone Loading in Chrome browser is a lot faster.
lentwo ratingfour Nice app
lennineteen ratingthree Some nice new animations and features are are there, it just needs to be able to do simple tasks.
lenseven ratingone Should have not updated from previous app.
lensix ratingone update is all the problems starting....
lensix ratingone this new update is the worst!
lensix ratingone this doesn't even deserve 1 star....
lenthree ratingfour Loving the improvements...
lentwo ratingone WORST APP.
lenfourteen ratingone I've been waiting way too long 4 them to fix the bugs, pathetic really
lenfour ratingone Since getting this update.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I can't believe y'all haven't produced a new update to replace the POS version y'all have on Market for Android...
lenthirtyone ratingtwo Do you honestly believe we'll all just sit around waiting for unicorns to come fart some magical unicorn butt glitter into the air then poof FB will FINALLY work properly???
lenfourteen ratingthree I'v tried leaving it for 10/15 mins but it doesn't make a difference.
lentwentythree ratingthree Please sort this out Facebook as everything else on the app is great but at the moment this issue ruins it for me.
lenfive ratingone This app needs totally rewrite.
lensix ratingthree Before the update it worked fine.
lenfour ratingone ill use my browers..
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please fix this problem for HTC one x, since my note2 don have this problem
lenseventeen ratingthree The app works a lot better on my new phone. (it has tons of space on it!)
lenten ratingone Ill stick to just using the internet browser for facebook!!
lenfifteen ratingone Definitely one of the worst, if not the worst app that I've ever used...!
lensix ratingone lots of problems in this app..
lensix ratingone Please fix, then stop updating it.
lenthree ratingone Not happy guys....
lenfour ratingfour Talk to your friends
leneight ratingone The browser version is more up to date.
lensix ratingthree This app is good n useful
lenfour ratingfour Wonder  in the world
leneighteen ratingtwo It has many more options, lets you save pictures, has themes and offers a much better overall experience.
lenthirtyone ratingone Goodbye Facebook for Android,  I'd rather put up with the inconvenience of using my browser for Facebook from now on rather than having to view the rubbish you now display.
lensix ratingfour Nice app to chat with everyone
lenfour ratingfour the latest update sucks:(
lenthree ratingone Getting worse everyday
leneight ratingfour Luv all da new updates much easier 2 use.
lenfifteen ratingtwo I really think more time and effort could be invested in making this app functional.
lenseven ratingone This latest update ruined facebook for android.
lenten ratingone Why take one step forward and then three steps back?
lenfour ratingone Use the mobile site.
lenfive ratingone 2 stars for the pic quality.
leneight ratingone Absolute crap now after the update plz fix
lenthree ratingone Another garbage update.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Consensus is right on fb updates are getting worse much worse rather than better.
leneleven ratingone im getting even more issues with this garbage app facebook devs!
lenseventeen ratingone fix this crap i now run jelly bean on my sgs2 so i shouldn't have one error!
lenseven ratingfour This app works awesome on a smartphone
lenthree ratingone Zero star Instead..
lensixteen ratingone Shame such a poor quality app is released from such a big name time and again.
lennineteen ratingone Facebook needs to stop focussing on ways to line their pockets (sponsoring?), and how to keep their users happy.
lenten ratingone Or else like the way of myspace they will fail.
lenfour ratingone The list goes on.
lenfourteen ratingone I'm forced to use the internet and not the app on my phone.
lenfive ratingtwo Pretty much impossible to use.
lenfour ratingone This app completly sucks..
leneighteen ratingtwo No matter how many updates  are put out, Facebook mobile is still the glitchiest app on my phone.
leneight ratingfour Its really all u want in a app.
lenthree ratingone Still soul sucking
lenfour ratingone Not worth the upgrade.
lensixteen ratingthree The plus side is that we can now look at pics without having to click them.
lenten ratingthree Also the pics pop up immediately now, which is awesome!
leneight ratingthree Running great now after the mid-Dec update!
lenthree ratingone Bunch of crap!
lenthree ratingone Piece of garbage.
lenthirteen ratingone My mom won't get off the phone to pay attention to me
lenthirteen ratingone This download needs to b tweaked more still having problems with this app!
lenseven ratingfour This app is perfect other than that!!
lenfive ratingone That's annoying as hell!
lenfourteen ratingone Updated facebook on my toshiba tablet and now it will not work AT ALL!!
lenten ratingone Its only good if you want to check other posts.
leneleven ratingone Its complete and utter crap Please upgrade or I will uninstall!
leneleven ratingone Why is it with every upgrade the facebook app gets worse?
lenseven ratingthree fix this and overall its a nice 1
lenseventeen ratingthree For now I give it 3 stars when added I will give you back the other 2 stars Deserved.
lenfour ratingthree But iys pretty good
lenseventeen ratingone The app started to get better this past fall but now is back to doing the opposite.
lenseven ratingtwo I'm using a Motorola RAZR 4g phone.
lenfour ratingone Garbage app ignorant creators!!
lensix ratingfour This app is great to use.
lenfive ratingone Fix whatever bug is please~~~~~~~~~~~~
lennine ratingthree Even tho I have 2000 friends, it should still load.
lentwo ratingthree Nice updates.
lenfour ratingone Wish I never updated.
lenfifteen ratingone This app is awful and i can't believe anyone would develop something so crappy.
lenfive ratingone Galaxy Note II on Jellybean..
lenfive ratingone The last update is terrible.
lensix ratingtwo Yeah, all these newer updates suck.
lentwentysix ratingtwo I mean, I'm happy to have fb on my phone regardless, but it never worked this crappy is all I'm trying to get at.
lenfive ratingfour who doesn't love Facebook
lenten ratingone I'll just use the web browser from now on.
lenseven ratingfour It's an app for your phone.
leneleven ratingfour And if its an issue then get rid of your phone.
lenseven ratingfour But it will get better with time.
lenfive ratingone Bout done with facebook apps..
lenfive ratingfour Please try to solve it!
lensix ratingone This is a very bad update.
lentwo ratingfour pretty happy.
leneight ratingfour I have shifted to Facebook app from friendcaster.
leneight ratingone I'm going back to the mobile site!
lenten ratingtwo I have to use the web version from my phone.
lenfive ratingone You guys suck at this.
lenfourteen ratingthree If you have a version that's working on your phone stick with it.
lensix ratingone Sucks I HATE THE NEW UPDATE.
lensix ratingone My mobilw browser is 100 times faster.
lenfourteen ratingone Facebook needs to make this more simple rather load it up with wasted features.
lenfive ratingtwo Hope this gets sorted soon!
lenten ratingtwo With each new update Facebook is getting worse and worse.
lenseven ratingone u charge to talk to Mr vain
lenfourteen ratingone Since your last two updates you have made fb on my phone useless thanks.
lenten ratingthree How about beta testing the next update before releasing it.
lenseven ratingthree Subpar actions for such a large company.
lenfour ratingfour Updated for bugs constantly.
lenfourteen ratingone Fire the devs because apparently they lack the knowledge to make a good product.
lentwelve ratingfour I've always had good luck with the app, but not anymore!
lenfive ratingfour Is intuitive, functional and stable.
lenfive ratingfour And the images open instantly!
lenthree ratingthree Aft repeatedly update..
lenfive ratingthree You guy really to improve!!!?
lenfive ratingone "network error" every couple minutes.
lensix ratingone dont care about seeing other apps.
lentwo ratingone Annoying app
lenthree ratingone 12-13-12 update was great!
lenfour ratingone Love the new look.
lenseven ratingone Tired of waiting on this BS tiktok
lentwo ratingone Horrible update.
lensix ratingone Needs A LOT of serious work!!
lensix ratingtwo Please help me out, so frustrating!
lensix ratingtwo do Not update to this version.
lenfive ratingone This is the waste update .
lenfourteen ratingone The older version is working good and it is speeder than this new version .
lensix ratingone Get your ****ing act together guys!!"
lenfive ratingone It won't work ahh
lenten ratingtwo Can you people at fb ever just do anything right?
lenfour ratingtwo People, DO NOT UPDATE!
lensix ratingone the old version was way better
leneight ratingone The first time I updated it ruined everything!
lentwentyseven ratingone I update every time only in hopes one finally works and puts me back to the old version but I say never update if you havent yet.
lensix ratingfour Works fine just like it says
lenseven ratingfour Good fr conecting to many many frnds.
lentwo ratingone Super annoying!
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenseven ratingone I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times!
leneight ratingone Whatever you did please change it back, NOW!!
lensix ratingone Not reinstalling again until somethings fixed!
lenthree ratingone This app SUCKS!
leneight ratingone You update the app and make it worse.
lenfive ratingfour This is excellent my friend
lenten ratingone Before the last updated is better than the last one.
leneight ratingone Pretty please a better update faster as possible.
lenfourteen ratingtwo This is terrible for the last few days Facebook has been acting extra terrible .
lentwo ratingone Utter shite.
lennine ratingone Testing of updates needs improving before software is released.
lenfour ratingone Worst app in market.
lentwo ratingfour Useful apps
lensix ratingtwo Regardless though gotta hv my fb.
lensix ratingfour Very usefull and fast FB browser . :-)
lenseven ratingthree Nice app but needs to be updated
lentwelve ratingone stays updated, faster loading, pics dont freeze & they LISTEN TO THEIR USERS.
lentwo ratingone Simply crap.
lenfive ratingtwo The app is ok otherwise .
lenfour ratingtwo Fix and ill reinstall.
lenseven ratingone It's the worst won't run
lentwo ratingone bad version.
lenfive ratingtwo After installation it becom 30mb+ size .
lensix ratingthree So better try to fix this:-(
lenseven ratingone Pls give me the old version back.
leneight ratingfour This update is very good about other update
leneight ratingthree Timeline is so  great love the new app
lenthirteen ratingone For 2 days, I have not been able to use Facebook on my mobile.
lennine ratingtwo Its not wrking 4 me eithr this is reali suck!
lenfour ratingone Another update, another mess.
lenfive ratingtwo was fine before last update
lentwelve ratingthree I am getting sick and tired of the app often not refreshing.
lenthree ratingfour Improvement builds perfection.
leneight ratingfour And these guys are doing a great job.
leneighteen ratingtwo I find myself accessing the regular site often to do things that should be simple to do here.
lenfive ratingfour It saves battery and data.
lennine ratingfour other apps run faster when FB isnt always active.
lennine ratingone Not on the app, or my phones web brownser.
lensix ratingtwo This app STILL f***ing sucks.
lennine ratingone Can you get a version that just plain works??
lenfive ratingtwo It isn't my connection!!
lennine ratingfour It's great nd fast to use on 2g network
lensix ratingtwo Get it together Facebook seriously, please!
lentwelve ratingone What in Christ's name have you moron developers done to FB
lenfive ratingtwo The new update is terrible.
lennine ratingtwo I uninstalled and reinstalled twice with the same results.
lenthree ratingfour Best baaghi balagan
lentwo ratingfour Awesome app .
lenseven ratingfour Its really a great application for android.
lenfive ratingfour Much better than precious versions
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo After the first time I tell the app that I do not want to import my contacts I would prefer it not ask every freaking time I open the app up, its ef'in retarded.
lensix ratingfour I have always loved this app
leneighteen ratingone Everyone is complaining about so FIX IT ALREADY because your new update didn't f***in do it!
leneleven ratingthree I end up using my browser anyway most of the time.
lensix ratingfour Working Quite nice after new updates.
lenfive ratingfour Fix are looking real nice.
lensix ratingone I have to use friend caster.
lenthree ratingone Minus three stars.
lensix ratingthree New update seems to b faster.
leneleven ratingone Just stop this app if u can't make anything sensible.
lenfour ratingthree This is absolutely insane.
lensix ratingone Saves maybe half of your likes.
lenfortytwo ratingone Why can't u guys get it together if u Wana compete w apple you really need to do a better job seriously they're version is 100 times better wonder if we all delete it would you make it better then hmmm
leneight ratingone A lot of updates and never one good.
lenfour ratingone They are consistently bad.
lentwelve ratingone Fix it or i hv to use fb from my phones browser.
leneight ratingone you ruined it with the last update smh
lennine ratingfour Very easy way to check facebook on the go.
lennineteen ratingtwo Since I upgraded the new upgrade on fb there's some things I realize I can't do anymore.
lenfour ratingtwo old version was better
lenfive ratingtwo Typical of everything Facebook really.
lensix ratingthree Its okay if you like facebook
leneight ratingfour I love staying connecting with the facebook app
leneight ratingthree Please do some fast,light and reliable application
lentwelve ratingone Withdraw it and let people use a working solution - the previous version.
lenfour ratingone Bring back previous version.
leneight ratingone Ever since the update this app is horrible.
leneight ratingtwo when just before the update it worked fine.
lenfive ratingfour The share feature is good!
lentwelve ratingtwo Facebook emplyes get payed for nothing, couse that's what they do.
lenfour ratingone The worst since update!
lensix ratingone This is a bunch of BS!
lenfive ratingfour This version is very smooth
lensix ratingone Concentrate on speed because speed matters.
lenten ratingone Old version worked better but still EXTREMELY disappointed and annoyed.
lenten ratingone It is much more faster to brows with default browser
lenfifteen ratingtwo Overall,  this application has a lot of problems due to straying from the working formula.
lentwentyone ratingone Poorest app , I ever operate, new update is not good, recommend not to download, I going to uninstall that, bakwas app.
lenthree ratingone Lame facebook, lame.
lenseven ratingtwo Hopefully the native app update comes soon.
lenten ratingfour It works on my phone (HTC wildfire s) with troubles
lenfive ratingone And web isnt working either.
lenthirteen ratingone At least it didn't push them into my google contacts this time.
lensix ratingfour I didn't like new facebook .....
lenfive ratingone this app needs improvement ASAP.
lenfour ratingone Doesnt deserve any star.
lenthirteen ratingone Its been like this for about a month now and still no fix.
lensix ratingfour Ok but updates should be improved
lensix ratingone I won't install this again.
lennine ratingfour I recommend using this app never gives me problems..
lennine ratingone getting really frustrated bout to delete fix soon please :-)
leneleven ratingone So much bugs and features missing compared to the mobile version.
lenfive ratingone I absolutely hate this app.
lensix ratingone Mobile site sucks just as bad.
lenseven ratingfour its always the best of alk sites!!!!!!
lennine ratingone When are you ever going to update this mess?
lenfive ratingthree Hope this gets fixed soon!
leneleven ratingone I don't usually have problems but this is my 1st time.
leneight ratingone Update soon or ill delegate the whole thing
lenseven ratingfour Dis app is good bt not best
leneleven ratingfour I love facebook it is the best social site right now!!!
lenseven ratingfour Cool, last update is better than before.
lenfourteen ratingfour I love the new update of facebook now its really fast more update pls.
lenfifteen ratingfour Theres some little bit bugs that need to fix but overall great app for me :)
lensixteen ratingfour this update is great as it's faster than the past and the interface is changed.
lenfive ratingtwo This live updating is awful!
leneleven ratingtwo So now i'm downgrading this app from 4 stars to 2 stars.
lensix ratingtwo Come on with these crappy updates.
lenseven ratingfour But recently its been garbage very disappointed
lenfour ratingfour like it soo much <3 :)
lenfourteen ratingfour I have tried both apps on my Smartfren Andro, cheap Android with 1 Ghz processor.
lenfifteen ratingfour Facebook official app is more fast when we got notification, because this app use push.
lensix ratingfour tell me how that makes sense?
lenseventeen ratingthree it didn't say that on my old phone (the LG Esteem) please fix 3 stars till fixed
lenthirteen ratingthree Now come on I'm on high speed virgin wireless on a Nexus 10.
lenfive ratingthree Rating refers to latest update.
lenfive ratingthree Fix, please for Galaxy Note 1.
lenseven ratingthree Will use full internet site till then.
leneighteen ratingfour You would think the FB app should be one of the best contributing apps in the Play Store.....
lenfive ratingfour This is an awesome app.
lennine ratingfour no longer i need to use the regular Internet;)
lenthirteen ratingthree I think there may be a bug or glitch in the last update.
lenfifteen ratingfour The app basically keeps you connected and updated about your family and friends via Facebook.
lensix ratingfour You can do watever you like..
lenseven ratingfour I gave u a bad review previously...
lentwo ratingfour Excellnt application
lentwentyeight ratingfour I love the new pop-up post viewer and how the new posts on the feed are moved to the top rather than automatically updating the entire window.
lenfour ratingfour More efficient and faster
lennine ratingfour It works so good on my tablet really happy!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone Every time there is an update the app just goes further down hill.
lensix ratingfour Looking forward to more cool updates. :)
lensix ratingfour Its very good fr facebook users
lenfourteen ratingtwo for one of the top 5 apps downloaded I'm disappointed over and over again.
lenthree ratingone This ap sucks.
lentwo ratingone totally frustrating.
lenfive ratingfour Used to love this app.
lenfour ratingfour Much better since update
lennine ratingfour This update confessed me to rate it with 5 stars..
lenfour ratingtwo Hell of an app...
lenfour ratingtwo freaking its so glitchy!!
lenten ratingtwo The old glitches are just being replaced by new glitches!
lenfifteen ratingtwo With every update there seems to be less things available to do on the phone.
lensix ratingone Why change what was working fine?
lensix ratingfour Good App Until It's Updated !
lennine ratingtwo May I know what's wrong with Facebook recently?!
lennineteen ratingfour I only really use the app for a quick way to upload pics but I like it fairly well
lentwo ratingfour Communication king
lenfive ratingfour Best app on google play...
lentwelve ratingtwo This is the fourth time I install this app after long time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo If not because all my contacts are there I would not use the app.
lentwo ratingthree Major Improvement
lenthirteen ratingone used to work flawlesly until the recent update which kinda busted the app...
lenfour ratingone Liked it better before
lenten ratingone Not sure what else to do besides using my laptop.
lenfour ratingone Worked prior to update.
lenfive ratingtwo Worse then the real facebook.
lenfive ratingone Worked great for two days.
lenfour ratingfour This update is awesome
lenfour ratingfour Wonderful app wonderful thngs.
leneighteen ratingone I am a regular fb user bt this version makes me think should I use fb this poorly?
leneight ratingone Seems like every update is worse and worse.
lenfifteen ratingone I wish they would juat fix this app right and then quit messing with it.
lenten ratingone Total junk, Facebook is worthless, updates don't do anything.
lenthirteen ratingone Why don't you actually fix something that will actually make Facebook work.
lenfive ratingone Worked better in iphone before.
lennine ratingone One star just cause i have to leave one!
lenfive ratingtwo Update to my last review.
lensix ratingfour I dont like the old facebook
lentwo ratingone Terribly dissappointed...
lenfive ratingone It is the worst app
lentwentyfour ratingone I've had this app for a year now and after all the negative comments and feedback, they still can't get it right.
lentwo ratingfour Nice Improvement
lenten ratingone I can comment on others and use on my pc.
leneighteen ratingthree Latest updates are a huge improvement on my phone, FB must have finally gotten some decent android devs!
leneleven ratingthree I expect iPad levels of functionality on my Android tablet folks.
lentwelve ratingone F.b. Seems to dictate want it wants now moving to Google
lenfive ratingone Therefore this facebook is horrible
lentwelve ratingone I've tried uninstalling this app and reinstalling it with no luck.
lenfifteen ratingone I don't know who you hired but I could serially develop a better app.
lenthree ratingtwo Lay outs good....
lentwelve ratingtwo Why is it this app gets worse and worse everytime its updated.
lenthree ratingone Worst update yet.
lenseven ratingone Such a stuped error in programing facebook !!!!
lenthirteen ratingfour This is the fastest version of facebook u will ever see till date.
lentwentyone ratingfour The new update has certainly made a lot changes including the new view of comments and also a very quick interface.
lenfour ratingone seems like developer problem.
lensix ratingone I've uninstalled and re installed.
lenthirteen ratingone I have seen monkeys throwing crap at the zoo do a better job!
leneighteen ratingtwo All other apps work fine and I need to close the FB app in the taskbar and reopen.
lenthree ratingfour I love Facebook.
leneight ratingfour I be on facebook all day and night
lennine ratingone You say you always improve it with your updates.
lensix ratingone Your just keep creating more issues.
lentwo ratingfour Goood app
lenthree ratingfour I Love FaceBook<3
lennine ratingone The ios app is 100% better this piece of crap....
leneleven ratingone Do you pay your testers in bananas and a back scratch?
lenfive ratingone Totally a first world problem...
lenfifteen ratingone But please address these issues, as I'm clearly NOT the only one with them
lensix ratingone Pretty tired of dealing with it.
lenseven ratingfour I like to use it a lot.
lensix ratingone Seriously am frustrated with this update !
leneight ratingone FIX IT or I'm deleting my Facebook .
lentwelve ratingone Cuz my phone is the only way I can go on it !!
lenthree ratingone This app sucks!!!
lensix ratingone It doesn't even work properly.
lenfive ratingthree To easy do the chat
lenfive ratingone I hate this new update!
lenthirteen ratingone Its almost 2013 and this app is still going backwards its really crippled by 90 %!!!
lenseven ratingfour too far from pc version but good
lenthree ratingfour Upgrading to 4 stars.
lentwelve ratingtwo Those are still planning to update, i reccommend that u shoudn't.
lennine ratingthree 3 stars because this app is pretty good and fast.
lensix ratingthree Quite satisfied with last couple updates.
lenfour ratingfour Facebook is da best
lenfour ratingone This update sucks man.
lensix ratingone Make a functional app before anything.
lentwo ratingone Makes millions.
lenten ratingone Fix it soon Many android's has the same prblm.
lenfour ratingone Hate this new Facebook.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo Plz bring it back in the app this new thing is piece of shit it was not fast before but atleast it was functional
lenthirteen ratingone For a social media giant you would expect something that at least works.
lenfive ratingthree Much better than old versions.
lensix ratingone This is the worst update yet!!!
lenfifteen ratingone Instead of constant updates, how about making an app that actually works, on all platforms!
leneight ratingone This update is a total waste of space.
lenthree ratingone Blows my mind!
leneight ratingone No wonder this app has 1 million 1-star ratings.
lenfive ratingtwo Once worked great now sucks.
