lenthirteen ratingfive My most used app makes typing so much easier and faster Great App
lentwelve ratingone Stopped working again, unable to download language packs, despite already being downloaded.
lentwo ratingfive Chesty puller
lenfour ratingone Crashes chrome every 5 minutes.
lenfive ratingone Using an epic 4g touch with cm10.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I love it but I just wish it had a going down button but it's still the best keyboard I've ever had
lentwelve ratingfive This app is great works fast and accuracy is great worth buying.
lenthree ratingfive Love this product.
lenfifteen ratingfive Samsung's default keyboard was too slow to keep up with my fast/rapid typing!
leneleven ratingfive This one keeps up with it and has better correction ability!
lenfour ratingfive Love it since day 1
lensixteen ratingfour So when are we getting the new features like the ones for the Android key board?
lensix ratingfive Simple,  quick key response,  work great!
lenfive ratingfour I really like this keyboard!
lentwelve ratingfive After coming from an iphone I was ready to send my S3 back.
lenfive ratingfive The default keyboard is horrific.
lenfour ratingfive This is absolutely amazing.
lenten ratingfive Similar to how the iphone works and I love it.
lennine ratingfive .feature, recently announced but still hands down the best.
lentwentyfour ratingfive The fact that this is #1 in the play store should send a loud message to Google and device manufacturers that their keyboards are lacking.
lensix ratingone No word prediction in various browsers.
lenthree ratingone Makes no sense.
lenfive ratingone No dedicated # row option either.
leneight ratingone Company could care less about adding real functionality.
lensixteen ratingone Feature requests for real functionality sit and collect dust while fluff skinning type ones get done.
leneight ratingone Thank God I got it for a dime.
lenfive ratingthree I'd like Japanese added.
leneight ratingthree I'd be happier with the purchase then.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard on the market!
lennineteen ratingfive A MUST HAVE if you're upgrading from a phone w/ a slide out keyboard to a touch screen!
lentwenty ratingfive Trial version expired & I've had no word prediction - typing in every last letter, hyphen, quotation mark, you name it.
lenfour ratingfive Will drive you crazy!
lenten ratingfive Just wait until the trial expires; you'll be upgrading.
leneleven ratingfive Thanks for the trial & not making us decide based on reviews.
leneighteen ratingfive Don't get me wrong, this app is a lifesaver and I have recommended it to many friends.
lenfive ratingfive I humbly propose some suggestions: 1.
lentwentyone ratingfive For the semicolon (;) and colon.), it does not automatically delete the "space" prior like it does for the comma and period.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive This is important, because if I want it to autocorrect the prior word, I need to press space to accept the suggestion, and the space also adds an actual space.  eg. shulf  -> shield    requires me to press space.
lentwelve ratingfive And when I do that, it fixes it and adds a space.
lentwentysix ratingfive But if I want to type a colon or semicolon after it, I have to delete the space just added and then hold the appropriate key.
lentwentyfive ratingfive The quotation marks (") point in a particular direction, meaning that they are the same both at the beginning or at the end of a quote.
lenfortynine ratingfive There are two ways to fix this, as I see it: (1) have the keyboard automatically put in the forward facing quotes if they come before a word ("likethis) and backwards facing at the end of a word (likethis"), OR (2) use neutral quotes that just go straight up and down.
lensix ratingfive Thanks for a fantastic app, though.
lensix ratingfive I now have a pink keyboard!
lennineteen ratingfive So much easier than my old i phone keypad  and it is a pleasure to use on my Galaxy 2.
lensixteen ratingfive If only I could now find an app to change my black background on my emails!
leneight ratingfive First time I've ever purchased an app.
lenthirteen ratingfive After the trial ran out I couldn't imagine going on without SwiftKey.
lenfive ratingfive Thanks for a great keyboard!
lentwo ratingfive 94 percent amazing.
lentwentysix ratingfive Never thought I would need a replacement keyboard app but when I got my Galaxy S III, the native keyboard was not working well for me.
lenfive ratingfive This one just makes sense.
lensixteen ratingfive The best keybord. i have tryed out many others but no one is like this one!
lennine ratingone I have emailed this company 3 times without a response!
lennine ratingthree Less responsive since last update and crashes phone often.
lenseven ratingthree This is even after wiping my phone.
lentwelve ratingthree It can't spell or auto-correct correctly when writing in caps.
leneleven ratingthree Still worth 3 stars because it's great in all other ways.
leneleven ratingfive I was skeptical at first but this app is truly amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive I don't think I could ever go back to the stock Android keyboard.
lenten ratingfour Aber das ganze macht das Handy doch unn?tig lahm.
lenfour ratingfive Super efficient and awesome :)
leneleven ratingfive Nothing to add really, wish tablet version wasn't separate purchase.
lenthirteen ratingfive By far the most useful and rewarding app I have installed to date.
lentwentyone ratingfive At this point I'm essentially flinging my thumbs at my phone as fast as possible, and meaningful sentences come out.
lentwentytwo ratingfive The first few weeks were a bit tough while SwiftKey was still learning my style, but after that it's a breeze.
lenten ratingthree I am Vietnamese and I want to type my language.
lenfour ratingthree Is it coming soon?
leneight ratingfive This app makes phone usage an amazing experience.
lenfour ratingfive Works like a dream!
lenseventeen ratingfive I used to use Swype thinking it was the fastest keyboard out there with some ok predictability.
leneight ratingfive I tried this app out and loved it.
lentwelve ratingfive I can't type on my phone without this great predictive keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfive I left my phone at home the other day and was using my friends android phone.
lenten ratingfive The stock Android keyboard is nothing compared to Swift Key.
lenseventeen ratingone Great prediction and all, but as the title says, keeps deleting words if I type too fast.
lenfifteen ratingone What's the point in creating a great keyboard if typing fast brings about bugs?
leneleven ratingone GIve option to disable swipe back to delete word at least.
leneighteen ratingfive The number keys should be able to be customized if you want them as a row on top.
lensix ratingfive On my way to 100000 keystrokes saved!
leneleven ratingfive I have for the past year been using smart Keyboard Pro.
lennineteen ratingfive It has only been a half a day and SwiftKey by far surpasses my old keyboard and stock keyboard.
lennine ratingfive It blends well with Ice Cream Sandwich operating system.
lennine ratingfive Auto text including voice text is working nearly perfect.
lennine ratingfive Better if it can also learn from WhatsApp conversions
lenfive ratingfive I love the auto correct.
lennine ratingfive I wish it would let me add custom words.
leneleven ratingthree Seems like it won't stay the default keyboard on jellybean.
lentwo ratingfive Asus Nexus
lenfourteen ratingfive This app is fackin amazing I must admit I hardly av to type :p
leneighteen ratingfive If you text very often, you should have this application, you can write in a very short time
lenthirtytwo ratingfive This keyboard has just the right amount of customization, I can change the height of the keyboard and the themes that come along with it look gorgeous on my super AmoLED screen.
lennine ratingfive Its predictions are always accurate for the most part.
lenseven ratingfive And the new space feature is great!
lentwelve ratingfive Had the demo trial and it was decent this is even better.
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth the $4.
lennine ratingfour Been using this a while and generally liked it.
lenthirtyone ratingfour Two-word prediction is a good update, but lately I've found if you mistype the first letter of a word, SwiftKey will never get it right, even for something obvious.
lenseven ratingfour Seems to be since getting Jelly Bean.
lensix ratingfour Hoping the update will fix it.
lentwentyeight ratingone I have had my bank account hacked into and i believe its from this app because it says when u install that it monitors your password etc.  Uninstalling!
lentwentyseven ratingfour Actually saves time and remembers your words, even slang you might use with your friends, and thinks ahead so u don't have to type full words!
lenthree ratingfour Bit pricey though!
leneight ratingfour Would have preferred it to be slightly cheaper!
lenfourteen ratingfive JB may be closing the gap, but this is hard to let go of.
leneight ratingthree This is the only reason I give 3 stars.
leneleven ratingthree I prefer JB keyboard just because of the Swiftkey memory usage.
lenfive ratingtwo Potentially the best keyboard available.
leneleven ratingtwo However the thing keeps forgetting (or never axtually) saves custom words.
lenfour ratingtwo Surely aoat basic feature?
lentwentytwo ratingthree This app is gr8 i love how customisable it is and how easy it is to use but it keeps crashing my phone.
lentwentyseven ratingthree Its not like i dont have a lot of memory and such it is because the keyboard uses a fuk load of it plz fix this bug.
lennine ratingfour I just started using SwiftKey but has been great.
lenten ratingfour Ive always used go keyboard because of all the customization.
lentwelve ratingfour Different font, colors, background etc. Only thing thats a downfall of swiftkey.
lenten ratingfour Like 4 theme keyboards and you can't change anything else.
lentwentytwo ratingfive The stock Android keyboard gets better with every release, but the keyboard layout and excellent auto-correct on swiftkey 3 cannot be beat.
lennineteen ratingfive I have owned over 15 phones in the past 2 years, and by far the swift keyboard surpasses all of them.
lenfifteen ratingfive I rarely make any mistakes and the more you use it the better it gets.
lentwentysix ratingfour I have had this keyboard for a year and I really like it but it takes up to much space on my already limited internal memory.
lensix ratingfour The dot com button is annoying.
lenfifteen ratingfive Best keyboard I have ever had I can't even find anything negative to say.
lenfour ratingone Won't install error 941
lensix ratingthree Autocorrect is frequently and obnoxiously wrong.
lenseven ratingthree I can't find a disable option.
lensix ratingone I LOVE everything about this keyboard.
lenseven ratingone Except the fact it drains my battery.
lenfive ratingone 84% of battery is this app.
lenthree ratingfive Best Android keyboard!
lenfourteen ratingfour I like the app and the way it predicts words and gives the statistics.
lennine ratingfour However I would like to see more color selections!
lentwenty ratingfive Once you get used to this keyboard, you can never go back to the standard ones built into most phones.
lentwentyone ratingfive Everything from the intelligent learning of your personal texting style to the sleek design and interface is polished and functions flawlessly.
lentwo ratingfive Great App.
lentwelve ratingfive This is an excellent keyboard that I enjoy using for fast typing.
lentwelve ratingfive Glad it has Arabic support but it's missing Japanese as well.
leneight ratingfive When can we expect to see Japanese support?
lentwo ratingfive Simply brilliant.
lentwentyone ratingfour I love this keyboard so much but whenever I need to type in Japanese I have to switch to another keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfour Please help me by adding Japanese language support and then it will be truly perfect.
lenthirtyone ratingfour One complaint though, I'd really like to see a very plain and simple keyboard layout, plain dark colors no bringt blue or green contrast, and a similar in light colouring.
lenseven ratingfour Very similar to the stock ics keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive This is one of the most best keyboard for Android Phone.
lennine ratingfive It will be perfect if there is Chinese input.
lentwentythree ratingfour It's a great keyboard! :-)  Would give 5 stars if a personal dictionary is added as well as the option to learn from whatsapp.
leneleven ratingfive This is the first app that I have paid for ever.
lennineteen ratingfive Since the latest update it is not as predictive as it used to be so a little disappointed now.
lenfiftythree ratingthree If this keyboard didn't give spastic fits whenever I was trying to edit text or lag out doing whatever only God knows in a corner whenever I need to use it, then maybe this keyboard would outright be the best Android keyboard (Swype is a contender but it loves to spontaneously combust).
lenfourteen ratingthree Otherwise, it has top notch word correction and extremely creepy and potentially embarrassing prediction.
lennine ratingfive One of the best apps I've ever downloaded!
lenfourteen ratingfive I wasn't too impressed with the standard keyboard on the galaxy s3, but now.
lenfive ratingfive Well worth the paid version.
lennineteen ratingfive I'm the kind of guy that has to stop walking to text (so not too hot at it).
lenthirteen ratingfive I tried the trial and SwiftKey keyboard is a God send, hands down.
lentwentyeight ratingfive The only (albeit minor) complaint is that I am so used to spacing after a period and SwiftKey (being more efficient than I am) automatically creates the space.
lenseven ratingfive Therefore, I sometimes write an unnecessary word.
lenseven ratingfive You'll end up doing so anyway.
lentwelve ratingfive I never would have thought that I'd want a pay keyboard.
lennine ratingfive Then I tried SwiftKey and couldn't go back.
lentwentynine ratingfive I have been trying just about every single keyboard there is out there on my galaxy s 3 and  just about every other word was misspelled or auto corrected wrong.
lentwentythree ratingfive I've been using this app for a little bit and I can say it is by far the best you can get.
lenseven ratingfour This keyboard's predictive ability is amazing.
leneighteen ratingfive It is really easy to use and the predictive text is much more accurate than the swype keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I even typed up an entire blog post on my phone.
lenseven ratingfour All we need is Chinese input (strokes)
leneleven ratingfive This is by far the best experience I have had typing.
lentwo ratingfive Exellent app
lennineteen ratingfour this is a really great keyboard and I love it but the thing about it makes my phone lag.
lenten ratingfour I don't know why. only keyboard that does that.
lennineteen ratingfive I've tried a bunch of different keyboards and the only one that really works for me is SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive The predictions are accurate and helpful.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lenfifteen ratingfive This keyboard app is by far the best on the market that I have tried.
lenfour ratingfive Fixes my spelling mistakes!
lentwentyfour ratingfour After using the stock keyboard and trying a few others I can say for English it makes typing on my phone much more bearable.
lensixteen ratingfour I don't like typing on touch devices, but sometimes I don't have a choice.
leneighteen ratingfour Now I'm just waiting for them to release Chinese and my Android keyboard needs will be fulfilled.
lensixteen ratingone Ok, we need an update for this which until Jellybean came on the scene was faultless.
lennineteen ratingone Now each and every time my phone is switched off and back on it defaults to the stock keyboard.
lentwelve ratingone So I gotta go into setting and recheck SwiftKey as preferred keyboard.
lenthirty ratingfive This is by far the best keyboard app iv ever and will ever use in my life its a learning keyboard so I knows what your going to put next.
leneight ratingfive I wrote this mostly hitting the space bar.
lennine ratingfive .feature, recently announced but still hands down the best.
lenfour ratingfive Should be stock keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour Tried the trial app 1st.
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
lenfour ratingfour Downloaded the full version.
lentwo ratingfour Little disappointed.
lenseven ratingfour I use the voice input quite often.
lenseven ratingfour Doesn't work 90 percent of the time.
lenfour ratingfour But overall good app.
lenseven ratingfour But wish I could download more themes
lenfourteen ratingfive Tried many keyboards, including Go keyboard and this one is the best by far.
lensix ratingfive This little app is a gem.
lenten ratingfive Don't even waste your time getting the free one.
lennine ratingfive Buy the whole thing you won't regret it.
leneight ratingfive This app has saved me so much time.
lentwentyone ratingfive I can type fast without worrying what I am typing because it will auto correct and predict what I will say!
lentwentyfour ratingfive The only thing I'd like to see if the choice to add different themes for the keyboard other than that awesome app guys!
lenfifteen ratingfive It's so good, hate using my phone keyboard, it's just not the same!
lenseven ratingfive It's easier, better, and just faster.
lenseventeen ratingfour I would have rated it 20/5 stars if we could just shortcut letters or words to other words.
lenthirteen ratingfour For instance, if I were to type "u" it would automatically put "you."
lenseven ratingfour And putting "r" would automatically put "are."
lenthree ratingfour Amazing keyboard app.
lenthree ratingfive Upgraded from trial.
lennine ratingfive Works WAY better than the stock keyboard on galaxy s3.
leneight ratingfive Also very setting rich-tons of customizing options.
lensix ratingfive No complaints on the !? slide  function.
lenfive ratingfive I actually love that feature.
lenseventeen ratingfive Well worth paying for IMO. :-) Most of the 'complaints' are actually fixable by adjusting the settings, jeeze.
lenseven ratingfive Use it before you review it, duh!
lenfour ratingtwo Doesnt work with Emoji
lentwo ratingfive Awesome app.
leneight ratingfive Been using it since I first downloaded it.
leneleven ratingfive Haven't used the default keyboard on my phone at all.
lennineteen ratingfive After getting the GSIII I was a little bit unhappy with the stock Samsung keyboard and predictive text capabilities.
lentwelve ratingfive Without a doubt this new SwiftKey keyboard met and exceeded my requirements.
lenfifteen ratingfive It has made me "50%" more efficient and saved me "4000 keystrokes" in less than two months.
lenfifteen ratingfive I will highly recommend it to anyone with a new phone and I clumsy fingers.
lenfifteen ratingfive Plus the endless personalization, themes, and colors put it over the top in my mind.
lenthirteen ratingone Extremely inaccurate when texting I hate this keyboard wish I could have refund.
lenthirteen ratingthree Would have given this 5 starts if it worked well with king soft office.
lenthirteen ratingfour Needs to switch back to abc after typing numbers and pressing space bar.
lenfifteen ratingfive used to hate typing on my HTC one x but now it's a pleasure  :-) :-)
lennine ratingfive This the only app I've ever paid for.
lenfour ratingfive Samsung Galaxy keyboard sucks.
leneight ratingtwo Edit: Clearing the cache improves the performance somewhat.
lenseven ratingtwo But the stock keyboard is still faster.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo However, now with Jellybean 4.1.2 when swift key is selected as default keyboard, it takes quite awhile for the keyboard to open up.
lenten ratingtwo This delay is gone when I switch to stock keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please check and fix this problem as I am used to swift key now.
lenthirteen ratingfive Used to love this ,but recent update has punctuation and prediction bugs gallore.
lennineteen ratingfive By far the best keyboard available on the android market, tried it for thirty days and was immediately hooked.
lentwelve ratingfive Never thought I'd pay for an app, very glad I did.
lenfifteen ratingfour Have been using SwiftKey for almost a year and it's hands down the best.
lenfifteen ratingfour However, I can't believe there still isn't support for Chinese pin yin typing.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Like it most the time, but so SICK of it crashing when I copy/paste or even selecting text can cause it.
leneighteen ratingthree Also hate how hard it is to multiple space after punctuation, and other functions after punctuation as well.
lensixteen ratingfour Works great most of the time just wish keys were a little bigger and more themes
lensixteen ratingfive I am a recent switch from the iPhone and found the Droid keyboard to be horrible.
lentwelve ratingfive This app is a must have if you are an iPhone convert.
lennine ratingfive Don't wait a second to buy this one.
leneight ratingone I can't even Download the lanuage packs.
lenten ratingone If I find a solution I'll change my opinion.
lennineteen ratingfive This is the best app I have come across I love it never going back to regular keyboard again.
lentwenty ratingfour I love it but for some reason it's been waiting to have trouble with typing the right letters & symbols.
lenfive ratingfour Also we need more themes!
lentwentytwo ratingfive After using swype I never thought a keyboard could be better. yet after using this after a few weeks I was sold.
lenthirteen ratingfive I honestly do not know how I have been functioning before this app.
lenfifteen ratingfive At first I downloaded the trial version to see what all the hype was about.
lentwo ratingfive Unhelpful keyboard!
lenseventeen ratingfive The layout of the smiley faces and the main punctuation keys just make so much more sense!
lennine ratingfive Had to cough up the 4 bucks for this one.
lenten ratingfive Excellent keyboard, my favorite since I had the original Evo.
lenfive ratingfive Using it on my Samsung S3.
lenfive ratingtwo Needs better galaxy note 2 support.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive As people have said, awesome predictive text,  but in addition to that, the interactions are smooth, the typing is much more responsive than stock AND it still uses the Jelly Bean native voice dictation and typo correction.
lenfive ratingfive My favorite keyboard by far.
leneighteen ratingfive Please add more themes, such as an ability to choose the colors of the keys, letters, and background.
lensix ratingfive Also a bunch more customizable options.
leneight ratingfive I love being able to customize my phone.
lenfive ratingone Major issues with Chrome fields.
lenseven ratingone Jumps all over the place, erases characters.
lenthree ratingone Pretty much unusable.
lenten ratingthree I love this app, its just missing a few things.
lenfive ratingfive Best purchase on Google play
lentwentytwo ratingone When it works it's 5* but the constant error message 'Unable to load language packs' has annoyed me and made it unusable.
lenthirteen ratingone Deleting the folder in 'sdcard/Android/data' only works for about a day.
lentwentyone ratingtwo I used to have five star love SwiftKey, but now that I'm on ICS, I'm having lots of problems.
leneight ratingtwo Two stars until they get their act together.
leneight ratingfive The best app I bought for my phone.
lennine ratingfive It makes typing on a small keyboard really convenient.
lenthirteen ratingfive Since I have it I actually use my phone to write longer texts.
leneleven ratingfour Auto correct and easy swipe delete make it worth the money
lennineteen ratingfive Been using it since basically day 1 of me on Android and couldn't even think of using another keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Text predictions randomly stop working.
lenseventeen ratingthree This app was a revelation but seems to be worse now than when I first got it.
lentwentyfour ratingthree The big issue is that it regularly fails to predict very simple words when I omit the space or get just 1 or 2 letters wrong.
lensixteen ratingthree It's the fact that it's getting simple things so wrong that's the issue.
lensixteen ratingthree It also seems to have no understanding of concept, which wasn't so in the past.
lenthirty ratingthree The layout is still brilliant though and it's still a far better option than anything else but it's not as good as it was and improvements are needed.
lenfifteen ratingthree But I don't understand why I need to pay again for a tablet version.
leneleven ratingfour First purchase I recommend to all my friends switching to android.
leneight ratingfour Leaps and bounds ahead of stock keyboard on S3.
lentwentyone ratingfour Would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that ".com" button when you're typing in the address bar.
lentwelve ratingfour You'll understand when you're using the address bar to search.
lenten ratingfour Every unfocused attempt to click the space bar becomes ".com".
lentwelve ratingfour Fix that and this app is the best in the play store.
lensix ratingfour Great app, helps a heeps load.
leneight ratingfour Add more themes, then I'll be satisfied.
lenfifteen ratingfive Is that i can adjust the timing on the hold-key-to-get-symbol-feature.
leneight ratingfive I can insert numbers and symbols in 0.2 seconds!!
lentwenty ratingfive Once you'll try it, you will feel the urge to stop using the trial to have the complete version.
lenten ratingfive Whatever the problem was, it appears to have been fixed.
lenthree ratingfive This keyboard rocks!
lentwelve ratingthree Love the keyboard but I frequently get "cannot load language packs" error.
lenfive ratingthree Big pain in the rear.
lensixteen ratingone There is a bug on function and shift buttons on physical keyboards with cm9 on this version.
lensixteen ratingone Works fine with swiftkey x. I love it but it makes the physical keyboard nearly unuseable.
leneight ratingone Once its fixed a solid 5 stars from me.
lensix ratingfive Typing this review using SwiftKey currently.
lensixteen ratingfive It's exponentially better than the standard keyboard on my sensation 4G and I like the customization.
lenten ratingfive One of the few apps I don't regret purchasing.
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
leneleven ratingfive I'd marry it if I had to marry a keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive Love the app except for trying to enter form data and numerical predictions!
lentwelve ratingfive It locks on a combination and makes it nearly impossible to correct.
lentwelve ratingthree I have been waiting for Chinese input for more than a year.
lennine ratingthree Even swype has Chinese pinyin for quite a while.
leneleven ratingthree SwiftKey need to cater for more market and introduce Chinese asap.
leneleven ratingthree Why are smileys not long press on txt and chat apps?
lenthirteen ratingfive I have even tried the Android 4.2 apk keyboard and this one is better.
leneleven ratingfive I use this app more than any other app I have.
leneight ratingfive It's uncanny how intuitive this app is.
lennine ratingfive Definitely speeds up typing on these tiny key boards.
leneight ratingfive IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT AND THEN SOME!
lenten ratingone The app works fine then all of a sudden nothing.
lenseven ratingone Again, reinstalled 4 times in the last 3 days.
lenfive ratingthree Still waiting on Japanese support.
lensixteen ratingone Every time the phone restarts I have to go and set the keyboard to swift key.
lenfive ratingfive Terrific app,worth the 4 bucks!
lensix ratingfive 5 stars, best app I ever purchased
lensixteen ratingone Every time the phone restarts you have to manually change it back to SwiftKey, fix plox.
lennine ratingfive The default keyboard on the Samsung Galaxy S3 is terrible!
lenfourteen ratingfive I almost returned the phone until I found this SwiftKey replacement for the keyboard.
lennine ratingfive I can type really fast with great accuracy now!
lenseventeen ratingfour This app would be perfect if I could toggle none-to-all auto-correction features on/off.
lentwentyseven ratingfour For example, if I could turn off space after punctuation, or turn off the automatic removal of a space when typing a question mark, and so on.
lennineteen ratingfour This keyboard has great dictionary support but has way too many auto-correct features to be all-round useful.
lenseventeen ratingfour It's sad that I have to disable the keyboard from time to time out of frustration.
lennineteen ratingfive Must have but it will be much better if there is an option not to learn from specific files.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard.
lenten ratingfive I just wish there were more themes to choose from.
lentwentyseven ratingone The app is awesome when it's actually predicting and correcting your typing.  but it's quite often that the prediction tab across the top is inactive.
leneight ratingone In these situations predictive text does not work.
leneleven ratingone And typing is tediously slow having to correct nearly every word!
lensix ratingfive Makes texting so so much easier.
leneighteen ratingfive Coming from an iPhone the messaging on my S3 was hard till I was told to download this app.
lenten ratingfive Fantastic and better then any other texting I've used.
lenten ratingfive Best keyboard I have used, muuuch better than the S3 standard.
lensix ratingfive Predictions are really useful (and accurate).
leneight ratingone Still can't seem to do multitouch correctly.
lenthirteen ratingone They get detected as swipes and delete words and hide the keyboard randomly.
lenthree ratingfive Add More themes!
lentwelve ratingfive It keeps getting better at predicting and correcting my messages/tweets/updates.
lenthirteen ratingfour Seems somewhat laggy after jelly bean as well as not predicting as much.
lenten ratingthree I deleted because you can't take off Auto-Correct
lensixteen ratingfive I have the severist form of an autoimmune joint disease that makes it difficult to text.
lensix ratingfive Im young too, so it sucks.
leneighteen ratingfive This app adds to the quality of my life by recognizing my text style and remembering my words.
lenthree ratingfour Fantastic word predictions.
leneight ratingfour Lost a star for the occasional stability issue.
lensix ratingfour This happens around once a month.
lennine ratingfive I have a galaxy s3 and hate the Samsung keyboard.
lenten ratingfive So I got this keyboard and I absolutely love it!
lensix ratingfive Wish there was more themes though.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is amazing.
lensix ratingfive It's like Science Fiction good.
lensixteen ratingfive Near perfect accuracy for smart space, learns everything and predicts like it's reading my mind!
lenfourteen ratingfive I can type whole emails without even having to spell out a single word.
lennine ratingfive I just tap the sentences out from the predictions.
leneight ratingtwo .but after last update it's total crap!
leneighteen ratingtwo I'm using Croatian layout and we used to have Croatian letters underneath regular i.e. long press.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Now there are 5 croatian letters at most right making all keys unbelievably tiny!
lennine ratingtwo And I don't want to type in landscape.
lenseventeen ratingtwo If you can't fix this (that ? is under c, ? is under z, etc) please refund me.
lentwelve ratingtwo I'm sorry for one star, but this is completely your fault.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is a very awesome keyboard with very accurate prediction, I love it very much.
lennine ratingfive But please add Chinese language support, really need it.
lenthree ratingfive Fantastic keyboard app.
lenfive ratingtwo now constantly crashing on ICS
lenthirteen ratingfive This app knows what i'm gonna type next just like a soulmate.
leneight ratingfive Bought it after using the demo for 2 weeks.
lenseven ratingfive Great value and a real time saver.
leneight ratingfive Much better than stock ics its crazy yo
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard hands down!
lentwentytwo ratingfive Predictions are scary accurate and I just I just got a notification telling me that I've saved myself over 10,000 key strokes.
leneleven ratingfive I finally have a keyboard that I like & love to use!
lenseventeen ratingfive It does take a day to configure it the way you want it, but after that. awesome!
lenseventeen ratingfive I never thought I'd be really ready to give up my physical keyboard from my smartphone.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard changes that.
lentwenty ratingfive I tried Swype and it was good, but I hated trying type words and the accidently swyping and messing up.
lenfive ratingfive The prediction engine is awesome.
lentwo ratingfive Brilliant keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Waiting for flow.
leneleven ratingfive Add learn word prediction from whatsapp and viber for better predictions.
lenseven ratingfive Makes texting easy well worth the money
lentwenty ratingfive This was the first third party keyboard I tried on Android and the one all the others are measured against.
lensix ratingfive And none of them measure up.
leneighteen ratingfive Some are getting close but then a Swiftkey update comes along and leave them back in the dust.
lenfifteen ratingfive This is the only who's predictions and corrections I really trust without looking back.
lentwenty ratingthree Makes me make lot's of typos and if i tilt it i can't see all what i type.
lenthirteen ratingthree Extremely annoying if it wasnt for the multilingual, i would've deleted it.
lennine ratingfive Great keyboard and it make my typing so easy.
lenten ratingone I've had this app for a long long time.
lenfive ratingone And I truly love it.
lensix ratingone It also looks and feel awesome!
lenten ratingone Every time that I type, or am about to type.
lenten ratingone In my notifications bar, a little keyboard thing pops up.
lenseventeen ratingone It says "select keyboard input.", the only problem with that is that I have already chose SwiftKey!!
lensix ratingone I have tried it like 1thousand times!
lentwentyfour ratingone It really hurts me to give you a one star for this amazing app, but could you please at least attempt to fix it?
lentwentytwo ratingthree When I type an email in Outlook or Gmail, this program does not allow me to delete commas, question marks or periods.
lenfourteen ratingthree Love the product otherwise but this will cause me to stop using the product.
lenfive ratingthree I have an LG Spectrum.
lenseven ratingthree This does not have the numeric keys.
lenfive ratingone It doesn't have swype
lenten ratingfive Thanks for letting me know! how to disable automatic Correction.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingthree There are no predictions given when typing in any of the browsers I have installed.
lenfive ratingfive I absolutely love this keyboard.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I bought 3 days after trying the trial version but the only thing I'd love to see is if they can remove the + and the - and all those shortcuts from the.
lentwo ratingfive Typing keyboard.
lennine ratingfive It'll just make a cleaner more attractive look!
lenseven ratingfive The most efficient typing application out there.
lensix ratingfive Love the predictions and auto-corrections.
lenfive ratingfive Typing is a breeze now.
lenfour ratingfive Totally worth the price.
lensix ratingfive Hope it supports Chinese typing soon.
lentwelve ratingone I have a Samsung galaxy s2 that was constantly crashing, amongst other problems.
lenfifteen ratingone It went off for a repair and came back perfect until I installed swiftkey 3 again.
lennine ratingone I emailed the devs but never got a response.
lennine ratingone Very disappointed that I wasted my money on this!
lentwelve ratingone Swiftkey also kept deleting words as I was typing for no reason.
lentwentythree ratingone Scoured the boards but couldn't find anything and emailed the devs over this issue too and again didn't get a reply.
leneleven ratingfive Easily better than the default keyboard, and arguably better than swype.
lenten ratingfive The learning and word predictions work better than you think!
lennineteen ratingfive It makes it super easy to text in English then portugu锚s without having to switch to a completely different keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Juz love this keyboard!
lenfive ratingfive Save me sooo much time!
lennine ratingfive However, I can't type Chinese characters with it.
lenfive ratingfive Saves me time every day.
lenfifteen ratingfive Predictions work very good and overall very solid app with lots of options and customization.
lentwo ratingfive Thanks Dev.
lenthree ratingtwo Huge battery drain
lenseven ratingfour Its awesome just wish it had emojis
lenfive ratingthree Plesse add in Chinese keyboard.
lensixteen ratingone It starts in the middle of a word or some place random that makes no sense.
lentwentyeight ratingone I can't believe I paid for this keyboard. it is truly the worst keyboard ever on a galaxy S3. i hate it and I want my money back.
lenten ratingone I've had this app for a long long time.
lenfive ratingone And I truly love it.
lensix ratingone It also looks and feel awesome!
lenten ratingone Every time that I type, or am about to type.
lenten ratingone In my notifications bar, a little keyboard thing pops up.
lenseventeen ratingone It says "select keyboard input.", the only problem with that is that I have already chose SwiftKey!!
lensix ratingone I have tried it like 1thousand times!
lentwentyfour ratingone It really hurts me to give you a one star for this amazing app, but could you please at least attempt to fix it?
lenfourteen ratingfive Very awesome.seriously need a personal dictionary mode for shortcuts besides that 9 of 10 peoplerecommend
lentwentyfive ratingthree Like just about every aspect other than that the keyboard lags when I type fast and occasionally freezes for a few seconds at a time.
lenten ratingfour Keyboard just wished there were more emoticons to choose from.
lenfourteen ratingone Ak za nieco platim, chcem aby to bolo podla mojich predstav a bez chyb.
lentwentytwo ratingone Klavesnica castokrat zadava  velke pismena A, V v strede vety a 9 MB zabera v internej pamati, co je pre mna dost vela.
lensixteen ratingone Ak sa tieto 2 nedostatky odstrania, tak mate odomna 5 hviezd, kedze je to mudra a rychla klavesnica.
lensix ratingtwo Predict row gone after switching tasks.
leneight ratingtwo Backspace on auto correct doesn't undo correction.
leneight ratingtwo Long press predict doesn't have similar words.
leneight ratingfive This is way better than the stock GS3 keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive There is no better keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Predictions so good I let go of a hard keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive Works perfect with htc wildfire fantastic keyboard thank you very much 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive best app in the world
lentwo ratingfive Brilliant application
lentwenty ratingfive I have used this for more than about a year now and it's simply awesome nothing can beat this
lenseven ratingone STILL NO OPTION TO DISABLE SWIPE GESTURES!
leneleven ratingone This was an option at one point, why was it removed?
lennineteen ratingone This keyboard is useless with swipe gestures enabled as typing even slightly fast causes you to accidentally delete words.
leneighteen ratingfive My first ever comment for an app and I'm doing so because of unbelievable utility of SwiftKey.
lenfourteen ratingfive My inbox is inundated with constant emails and texts which require an immediate response.
lentwentysix ratingfive The Samsung keypad had it's advantages but I would still be keen to get things done faster which led me to download the trial version.
lentwentythree ratingfive What struck a chord was the ability of the app to predict my own next word before I've even thought of it.
lenseventeen ratingfive A few emails later and now I'm even writing a review which should speak for itself.
lenfourteen ratingfive Really love the keyboard but new update changed layout for the worse for me.
lenseventeen ratingfive No longer places apostrophes in I'm (it just types im or tries to correct to in).
lennine ratingfive No easy press for exclamation mark and question mark.
leneight ratingfive Takes me longer to type stuff than before.
lenfour ratingfive New update sorted it.
leneight ratingfour very easy to use, and real nice layout.
lennineteen ratingfour But, can you please add options to choose if i want the words prediction bar! that would be great.
lenthirteen ratingfour Also if i could also customize some punctuation buttons in the main keyboard.
lensix ratingfour Even for missing tons of letters.
lenfourteen ratingfour Especially love that you can keep texting and it separates the words for you.
lentwentyone ratingfour However, I do wish that there for maybe 4 or 5 instead of just 3 words that popped up for you to choose from.
lenthirty ratingfour The new swype beta offers as many as it can fit which is nice and that's why I used it, cause it had swype and accurate predictions(more than 3).
lenten ratingfour Hopefully swiftkey flow will bring something like that to compete.
leneleven ratingone Fix the chrome freeze and crash that happens only when using Swiftkey3.
lenseven ratingone P.S. All apps up to date.
lennine ratingfour This keyboard is much better than the average keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Its a great app but its not working for tumblr.
lenseven ratingfive Can i get some developer support pls?
lenseven ratingfive one thing is need more theme's!.
leneleven ratingfive I'm dumb as a rock when it comes to spelling .
leneight ratingfive SwiftKey makes me text like a college professor.
lentwentyfive ratingfive The prediction of the words is crazy, like I will make a massive typo and it will know what I ment totally worth the bucks
lenfive ratingfive Prediction works like a charm
lenseven ratingfive Work's like a charm, amazing product!
lensixteen ratingfive This is the most accurate keyboard application I've used and it gets increasingly more accurate.
leneight ratingfive The predictions are surprisingly accurate in 'rapid' style.
lensix ratingfive I very much recommend buying this.
lentwelve ratingfive I just wish the '?' was a long press on the 'm' key.
lenthree ratingfour Worth the price.
lenfour ratingfour The S3 keyboard is horrible.
lentwenty ratingfive Didn't think I'd find a keyboard on Android to rival the iPhone's, but this is even better.
lentwentytwo ratingfive My only gripe with it is that you can't do the double tap the space bar thing to add a period.
lenfortyseven ratingone It freezes when ever I try and search something that on the search engine and when it does freeze I press the home and when I do get home it the keyboard is still there and I can't get rid of it and it happens frequently.
lensixteen ratingfive Crazy that a third party app works better than the keyboard that came on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive Very comparable to iphone keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive This keyboard brings my galaxy s3 to life.
leneighteen ratingfive I came from having a physical keyboard to this, and it feels even better than that to me!
lenseven ratingfive Love the new predictive capabilities the most.
lensix ratingone Unable to turn off predictive text
lenfourteen ratingfive Much better than my galxcy 3 keyboard.This is a great app and works flawlessly.
lentwentyeight ratingfour Very good fixes most of my words tht I got wrong sometimes it does some crazy words the one thing I wish they did was have more themes
lentwentyone ratingfive Trying to go back to the old keyboard or even trying other keyboards was just impossible after getting used to this.
lenseven ratingfive It's amazing and I love it!
lensixteen ratingfive is the best. i do wish there was some kind of swyping input as well though.
lensix ratingfive Absolutely excellent text prediction and layout.
lentwentyone ratingfive Not sure if user input forum will be as fast for responses as apps with less huge user base will see.
lenfive ratingfive Best one I've tried.
leneleven ratingfive Just wrote a review on the free version of this app.
lentwentythree ratingfive Think it's a brilliant app can't fault it in any way, as soon as my free version expired I immediately upgraded.
leneight ratingfive This keyboard is the boss of all keyboards.
lenten ratingfive Just hope they continue to make it more battery efficient.
lenfive ratingfive Amazing and I love it
lentwelve ratingfive After updating to Android 4.2, I had to download and install it again.
lenfive ratingfive Fixes all my tying mistakes.
lensixteen ratingfive I tried a lot of keyboards including swype, slide it &  touch, swiftkey is easily the best.
lenthirteen ratingfive Although I do like swype swiftkey is way more accurate and learns better.
lentwentysix ratingfive Trust me when I say, I have had this application since it came out, and it gets better with every update if that is even possible!
lentwo ratingfive Simply amazing!
lenfourteen ratingfive Wish it had more themes due to the fact that it was paid for.
lensix ratingfour man kann das Gro閬眂hreiben nicht komplett abstellen.
lenten ratingfour In Chats etc. neige ich dazu alle W榘巘er klein zu schreiben.
lennine ratingfour Swiftkey korrigiert aber alle W榘巘er zwingend komplett inklusive Gro?Kleinschreibung.
lentwentytwo ratingfour I tried the trial version and i dont like using anyother keyboard nw. Frm now on its only goin to be swiftkey 3
lensix ratingfive This thing auto corrects like Jedi.
lensixteen ratingfive It's genuinely suppressing just how accurately its able to decipher my poorly executed key-mashing.
lentwelve ratingfive I've used many keyboards and this one is simply the best.
lenthirteen ratingfive In fact, this is the first purchase I've made on Google Play.
lenfifteen ratingfive The prediction is vastly better than anything I've used, and it only gets better.
lenten ratingfive Sometimes it predicts whole sentences one word at a time.
lentwentytwo ratingfive When the free trial expired I tried another keyboard (GO keyboard), and while it was decent, it couldn't compare with SwiftKey.
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
lenfour ratingfive But no Chinese input.
lenten ratingfive Would be really good if you guys could include that.
lentwentyfive ratingone Terrible upgrade, the best thing about this app was the predictive text and now you just have punctuation options after each tines you press space.
lenfifteen ratingone Also tge new predictive guessing long words when you have only pressed 2 keys is ridiculous.
lensixteen ratingone If I press 2 letters near T and O then press space I shouldn't get TIME. .
lentwelve ratingfour The keyboard works stunningly well with predictions and rapid typists like myself.
lenthirtysix ratingfour The only issues I've come across are text not displaying in the box when I type on occasion (which could be my launcher conflicting with my text messaging app) and the lack of visual customization.
lentwo ratingfive Nice program :-)
lensixteen ratingtwo Loved this app but I'm finding lots of errors when using it with my note 2.
lenthirtyone ratingfour i am looking forward that Swiftkey can develop the Simplified Cangjie Input Method quickly =] if it has Simplified Cangjie Input Method, i will give swiftkey 5 stars, make an all-out effort.
lensix ratingfour 5 stars once you get Thai keyboard!
leneight ratingfour Oh and plz add a hide keyboard button.
lensix ratingfive Very quick and easy to controll.
lensix ratingfive Plus like the look and feel.
lenseven ratingfive Just love this keyboard. its really awesome !!
lenfour ratingone Chinese simplified input please~~
lenfour ratingfive Extremely accurate and customizable.
lentwentysix ratingfive And when I say accurate I mean crazy accurate. the predictions are crazy good, especially after a while because it learns words that you commonly use.
lentwentyone ratingfive I also love the shins and ability to fine tune haptic feedback. there isn't even a comparable keyboard out there.
leneighteen ratingfive Compared to swift key, go keyboard, stock keyboard, and all the other sit on the market is trash.
lenfour ratingfive Worth paying for it.
lenten ratingthree Great app but it crashes often in chrome for me.
lenthirteen ratingthree Usually on the Google homepage the keyboard freezes and stays on the screen.
leneleven ratingthree The chrome issues are so frustrating because otherwise it's excellent.
lenfour ratingone Had trial Finally upgraded.
leneighteen ratingone Keyboard lags, backspace only works till first letter of word then wont work, and swipe back causes errors.
lenfour ratingfive SwiftKey keyboard is amazing!
lentwentyone ratingfive I love it. :-) it is amazing the best application on the market can type a whole sentence with just one finger!
lennineteen ratingfour like my title says, this could really use the ability to learn from Google Voice, otherwise very good app!
lenthree ratingfive Totally worth buying!
lentwenty ratingfour Awesome app, great improvement from the original SGS3 keyboard but I would love to have the swipe text and writing capability.
lenthirteen ratingfive I love this app, this is better than original one for Samsung Galaxy S3.
lentwentythree ratingtwo I know SwiftKey wants to look hip and cool by adding a slide feature, but if I wanted sliding, I'd use SlideIT.
leneight ratingtwo Increasing the spacebar real estate is completely useless.
lensixteen ratingtwo I barely use the spacebar, because a space is automatically added when you insert a prediction.
lennineteen ratingtwo Not everyone is using an S2 or new model phone, sliding is very unreliable on my older LG Optimus One P500.
lennineteen ratingtwo I get a Question Mark half the time and my sliding left to delete works only 10% of the time.
lennine ratingtwo Please allow us to customize the spacebar real estate.
lenseven ratingtwo Let us enable the question mark key.
lennine ratingtwo I'd even recommend adding a Smiley Face key.
lenseventeen ratingtwo As I said, space bar is barely used in this app, don't give it any love.
lenfifteen ratingfive Amazing :-D it makes it easy for me and makes my typing so much faster!
lentwentyone ratingfive I totally recommend this app, it saves about me of time and it's predictions are most of the time accuracy
lentwentyfour ratingfour Amazing keyboard the predictions are amazing and corrects all my mistakes I just wish there were more themes or a way to customize it.
lenseven ratingfive Works awesome better than the stock keyboard.
lenthree ratingone This app sucks.
lenthree ratingone Plain and simple.
lenseven ratingone Wish I could get my money back.
lentwelve ratingfive Great work, learns from all your mistakes and knows its grammar too.
lensix ratingfour The best,no s-pen detection?
lensix ratingfive Genius, much better keyboard all round!
lentwenty ratingfour I like it much better than some of the others I've tried, but it has some annoying, little problems.
leneight ratingfour Predictions are often great, but sometimes just stupid.
lenfourteen ratingfour And certain things you type often, it won't learn, and constantly "corrects" you.
lenfortyone ratingfour And while it will intelligently place a period or comma right behind the word you last selected, it won't do it for closing quotation marks, leaving a gap "like this " and you have to stop, & back up to fix it.
lenfive ratingfour Nitpicky stuff, yes, but annoying.
leneleven ratingfive My typing skills s___k. This app is truly a blessing.
lenten ratingfive I can send a message or email quickly and efficiently.
lenthree ratingfive This app rocks!
leneleven ratingfive It has the word I want to use before I do.
lenthirteen ratingfive This is simply the best option available for a touch-keyboard on Android.
lenten ratingfive The predictions are smart and allow you to type quickly.
lenfiftyseven ratingfive When I upgraded phones to a Galaxy S3, I briefly stuck with the default Swype-style keyboard just to see if I liked it, and I immediately missed so many of SwiftKey's features--not only the smart predictions, but the presence of symbols like "/" as alternatives to keys that become accessible by holding them down and dragging.
lentwentyseven ratingfive Design like this saves you from having to toggle through several other "symbol" sets of keyboards, and when trying to access commas or exclamation points, is indispensable.
leneighteen ratingfive If you miss using physical keyboards and are frustrated with touch keyboards, you need to try this one.
lensix ratingfive It cuts down on frustrations immeasurably.
lentwentytwo ratingone Sadly got a VERY annoying new bug where I press the middle selection and sometimes it actually uses a totally different word!
leneleven ratingone Also it seems to have unlearnt all these years of learning.
lennine ratingfive Just typed this in portrait mode in under 7 seconds.
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely brilliant!
lennineteen ratingthree I know you have your own reasoning but having a comma and period in the slider just increases mistakes.
lennineteen ratingthree I'm not going to use the slider for those 2 punctuations when they've already got their own keys.
lennine ratingthree Swipe right for question mark, swipe left for exclamation.
lenseven ratingthree Make that change and it's 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive This has improved my typing so much.
lenthree ratingfive Amazing stuff guys!
lenthree ratingfour Love the keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive The voice to text does not work most of the time though.
lenten ratingfive This apps helps you a lot when you are writing.
lenthirteen ratingfive Since it learned your common phrases and words from the sms,  Facebook,  gmail.
lenseventeen ratingfive Also you can customize the size of the keyboard layout when it's on portrait or landscape.
lenthree ratingfive Highly recommend app!
lenten ratingfour The stock keyboard on my GSIII was driving me crazy.
lentwelve ratingfour SwiftKey has fixed almost all the issues I was having with typos.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny
lentwelve ratingfive Prediction works very well,  the smart space is very interesting and useful.
lenthirteen ratingfive The only thing I could think to suggest is custom colored keyboard themes.
lenfour ratingfour This app needs Emoji.
lenseventeen ratingfour I want to be able to talk to my friends who use it on there I phones.
lenfive ratingfive I hated the Samsung keyboard.
leneight ratingfive You won't regret buying the full version.
lenfour ratingfive Very cool, love it
lenfourteen ratingfive I've tried all the other keyboards and this one is definitely worth it.
leneighteen ratingfive I never thought replacing my standard keyboard on the GS3 was necessary but I'm very glad I did.
leneleven ratingfive This is much smoother and doesn't lock up and freeze.
lenfifteen ratingfive Really does an incredible job, the predictions are really accurate, which is even freaky sometimes.
leneight ratingfive I am a lot faster than I was.
lentwentythree ratingfive I wish there was a dictionary that I could edit to add or delete some words and more themes would be the best.
lentwelve ratingfive However, it's the best keyboard on the market, without a doubt.
lenseventeen ratingfive Hi guys, I was wondering if you can add Whatsapp app to the personalisation of the keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Thanks for saving me 10,000 strokes, can use them elsewhere ;-) x
lenten ratingfive I love how the dictionary supports two languages at once
lennine ratingfive Faz o teclado do Iphone sentir vergonha de existir.
lensixteen ratingfive I used to despise typing in portrait since this is my first full touch screen phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive The stock keyboard was horrid but when I decided to switch over to SwiftKey.
lenthirteen ratingfive Everything literally became easier and faster to text and/or type quick documents.
lensixteen ratingfive I wish it had Swype tho but either way, I'm still giving it a 5 star.
lenten ratingfive This keyboard is amazing and I love it a lot.
lentwo ratingfive Uber-recommend.
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard ever, I highly recommend it
lenthirteen ratingfive I had this keyboard for the past few months and I love it!
lenseventeen ratingfive I heard that you guys are working on a swipe feature and ill be waiting for it!
lenten ratingfour Why doesn't it save swear words as primary words?
lentwelve ratingfour It doesn't even save the word "gay" as a primary word.
lenseven ratingfour Which would mean this app is homophobic.
lenfortyone ratingfour Saves time and corrects errors, quite good at predicting next words or phrases but if you make a serious typo or have fat fingers like me, you can rush off into a sentence and end up deleting / retyping loads of words.
lennineteen ratingfour Also can't find a way to remove such typos so it will predict incorrectly from time to time.
lenseventeen ratingfive This keyboard let's me type as fast as I want and it corrects all my typos.
lentwelve ratingfour Cannot download the list of languages required to make this app work.
lentwenty ratingfour This bug was reported somewhere around the first of August and no solution has yet been reported by the developer.
lenfive ratingfour A waste of money, imho.
leneleven ratingfour EDIT: This is indeed fixed and therefor I change my rating.
lenthree ratingone Need more themes.
lennine ratingfive Saves a shed load of time with its predictions.
lensix ratingfive Very good app, worth the money.
lentwentyfour ratingfour So, I bought and paid for SwiftkeyX, and now you release a tablet version and I'm supposed to purchase the same app again?
lenfourteen ratingtwo After a number of frustrating months, they seem to have sorted the issues with SGS2.
lenten ratingtwo It still has the odd hickup but generally works well.
lentwelve ratingone For some reason the predictive text is not working at all. advise?
leneighteen ratingthree But now, every other time I go to use the keyboard, I'll type but nothing comes up
lensixteen ratingfive I don't think the price is out of line given how well this keyboard works.
leneight ratingfive The predictive text and corrections are nearly perfect.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I also appreciate that they give you a month to try out the full version rather than a dummied down version with tons of ads.
lenseven ratingfive I won't be without this baby.
leneight ratingfive By far the best app I have installed.
lenseven ratingthree It remembers stuff you say so well.
leneight ratingthree It remembers chains and predicts the next word.
leneleven ratingthree There are a few bugs though and they're extremely annoying.
lentwentyfour ratingthree For example, the auto-correct and prediction will randomly stop working and I have to repeatedly exit and start again for it to work.
lenthirteen ratingthree Sometimes the keyboard in general will stop working and it won't type.
lenfourteen ratingthree I have to press random letters for about 5-10 seconds for it to work again.
lennine ratingthree Then when it finally does the first bug happens.
lensix ratingthree It's a great keyboard though.
lenfive ratingfive If it swyped too, godlike.
lenten ratingfive This app is the best app I've ever tried.
lensix ratingfive It will transform your mobile experience.
lenseven ratingfive The programming behind this must be stupendous.
lenthirtyone ratingfive The developers really go all the way into perfecting this jewel: the app learns about the way you type, the MISTAKES make, so it gets better the more you use it.
lenten ratingfive You can also customise keyboard size, and long-press time.
leneleven ratingfive This single app makes android phones more worthwhile than an iPhone.
leneight ratingfive I would totally recommend this app its brilliant!
lenthirteen ratingthree I would give this app 5 star if only it has simplified Chinese support
lennine ratingfour This is the best keyboard I've ever used.
lennine ratingfour Two issues I have are: No Chinese language support.
lenfifteen ratingfour I'm a student in a Chinese speaking country and this would be very handy.
lennine ratingfour 2, sometimes when I type very quickly, the word disappears.
leneight ratingfour Hope this can be addressed in future updates.
lenseven ratingfour Apart from those, a very brilliant app.
lenthirtynine ratingone After working superbly for months the app unexpectedly caused constant Force closes and lock ups on my Samsung galaxy s2 (freezing app with titanium backup solved the problem as I couldn't uninstall the app with all the FC's).
lentwelve ratingone I Informed customer services via email and received no reply or confirmation.
lensixteen ratingone Widely reported issues with the app not just isolated to the version on Amazon app store.
lenthirteen ratingthree Have turned off as does not support pen entered text on Samsung note 2.
leneight ratingthree The samsung predictive text is catching up though.
lenfifteen ratingfour Making it learn from whatsup messenger would make things way better no one texts anymore
lentwentyfive ratingfive Love I have a HTC One X I wish it had a vibrate option for every time you hit a key other then that great!
lenthirtynine ratingfour I would like it if it had an option where I could arrange some keys such as the number toggle to the other side and be able to choose our own type of layout, (HTC, stock android, touchwiz, etc.).
lenthirteen ratingthree I'm sure this works as advertised, but I love Swype too much.
lenfourteen ratingfive This app has made me laugh with surprise at the accuracy of its predictions.
lentwelve ratingfive I can sometimes complete full sentences just by tapping the words suggested.
lenfive ratingfive Useful extra features as well.
leneight ratingfive Beautifully done  keyboard and so easy to use.
leneight ratingfive This is the best keyboard app hands down!
lensix ratingone Slider doesn't work on galaxy s3
lentwo ratingfive Super great
leneight ratingfive Perfect input method if there's also Chinese!
lenfive ratingfive The correction is just awesome!
lenfourteen ratingfive Also it works fine on both my HTC One X and Google Nexus 7, bravo!
lenten ratingfive This is probably the best touch board I have used.
lenfifteen ratingfive However I noticed that with my ASUS tablet it occasionally stops working particularly with Facebook .
lenten ratingfive I often have to restart the tablet to fix this.
lensix ratingfive Sickest keyboard you will ever use.
leneleven ratingone Not sure why but it auto inserts "i"  after every period.
lensix ratingfive Me like fat girls and SwiftKey 3
lentwenty ratingfour 1-Would be great of the hight of the space bar can be adjusted to avoid hitting the lowest line letters.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour 2- add a feature to remove mis-spelled words 3- ability to utilize names in the address book to predict, or use the gmail address book for prediction-seems to be doing that but not very effective!
lentwentytwo ratingfive great writing app. sometimes it will mod words to things I don't intend. but still an amazing app! great time saver!
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard for my android
lentwelve ratingfour I got the trial and once it learned everything I loved it.
lensixteen ratingfour Just bought the real thing after the period expired and now it has to relearn everything.
lenfive ratingfive So intuitive and user-friendly.
lenfifteen ratingfive Great app, have been using it since SwiftKey X and is well worth the money.
lentwentynine ratingfive Only problem is every time I turn my phone off, I have to select the keyboard as an option in my phone settings and turn the keyboard back on.
lenten ratingfive This just started happening recently though, still an amazing app.
lenfive ratingfive Simply the best keyboard around.
lentwenty ratingfive Got a Galaxy s3 and hated the keyboard, trialed this one (thanks for a free full trail) and never looked back.
lenfourteen ratingthree When sharing a web page to facebook auto correct and spell check are broken.
lenthree ratingthree Jellybean on gnex.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Had previously given this 2 stars, but they've made a lot of improvements over the past couple years, so I gave it 3.
lenfourteen ratingthree Still not nearly as fast and responsive as the stock Android ICS/JB keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Way better than GO KEYBOARD.
lenseven ratingfive Uses a little less resources is too.
lenthree ratingone 10Mo internal memory use?
lensix ratingone Remember where this app is for?
lentwentythree ratingfive After giving a bad rating because downloading languages was not possible I got an answer within few hours that the server was down.
lenfive ratingfive Thank for your speedy support.
lentwelve ratingfive Typing this rating with SwiftKey without any flaws,  very fast and accurate.
lenseven ratingfive Can't download language packs in Jellybean.
lenseven ratingfive Always get network error no matter what.
lenfive ratingfive EDIT: Thanks for the reply.
lenthree ratingfive The perfect keyboard.
lenten ratingfive It's easy, customizable, incredibly intuitive and simple yet beautiful.
lenthree ratingfive My favorite app.
lentwenty ratingfive It's the first app I install and the first app I recommend to any new (and old) Android user.
lenthirteen ratingfive Btw, I've used it on a HTC Hero, Evo, Evo 3D, & Evo 4G LTE.
lenfourteen ratingone I'm wondering if an update killed the predictions, because they used to work.
lensix ratingfour Edit: It appears to be fixed.
lentwentyfive ratingone I decided to buy full version but now I can't even complete the installation process.this is total trash and I am out of 4bucks!
lentwentytwo ratingfour Updated comment: New update has made it difficult to type a question mark at speed (surely one of the most common keys!
lenfour ratingone This is extremely frustrating.
lenfourteen ratingone I very much effort this application, but it has been rendered useless to me.
lenfour ratingone Please repair your product!
lentwelve ratingfive I'm using it under CyanogenMod 10 and it works like a charm!
leneight ratingfive I'm a big fan of this tool.
lentwo ratingfour Awesome App.!
lenten ratingfour Gets  5 stars when, A Password Manager / Sync ability is added.
lenten ratingfour Or at least make it easier to switch between keyboards.
lenthree ratingfour However, Im happy.
lenseven ratingfour A lot easier to use than sywipe.
lenfourteen ratingfive I love this keyboard and have been using it since I bought my Galaxy s2.
lenfour ratingfive Seriously, and great app.
leneight ratingfive One of the best predictive text apps ever.
lenfive ratingone Wont get past setup screen
lennine ratingthree This app needs to stop adding spaces after punctuation.
lentwentyfour ratingthree If I add punctuation I hit space and now I get double spaces after commas etc! Needs an option to stop it at least!
lenten ratingfour amazing product, would be nice if it has swipe feature
lenseven ratingfour Keeps freezing and writing nonsense on Google.
lenfour ratingfour Plus really delayed writing.
lennine ratingfour I wish there was an option for IOS typing!
leneleven ratingfive I  love this app, have been using it for 3 months now.
lenfour ratingfive The predictions are amazing.
lensixteen ratingfive I think the app learns your writing patterns and tries to mimic them in the predictions.
lentwentyfive ratingfive This app makes typing so easy that I was almost paralyzed when I had to use a regular keyboard on my sister's phone yesterday.
lennine ratingfive I am not longer used to finishing my words.
lentwentythree ratingfive Also, when I have had a problem, all that I have to do is go to their Facebook Page and they respond quickly!
lenten ratingfive This is truly the greatest thing I have ever seen.
lentwentyone ratingfive It allows me to type on a touch screen without looking at it, that's how accurate itnis at predicting texts.
lenthirteen ratingfive Best keyboard that u can find, thr personalization on it is just unpredictable!
lenseventeen ratingfour It would be great if I can change the color of the words suggestions section in themes.
lenten ratingfour Overall, this is the best kb app I've found.
lentwelve ratingfour It claims to learn your typing style & I call bs on that.
leneighteen ratingfour Words I commonly use are constantly changed to completely different words & it can slow me down a lot.
lentwentytwo ratingfour I have the typing style set to precise & I'd hate to see how bad it would be in the predictive setting.
lenfifteen ratingfour This review alone, I've had to fix quite a few of swiftkey's errors.
lensix ratingfour It's fixed none of mine.
lentwelve ratingfour I'd really like it if the precise setting actually meant it.
lenfiftysix ratingfive At first I wasn't quite sure the best way to use it, but after playing with it a bit, I found that even if you just utterly mash the keys and hash out words very quickly and sloppily, since it does such a great job at predicting your words it will still work very accurately.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Then if you have longer words in your sentence it's a lot quicker to hit one button to complete the last 6 letters of a word than to type it all out.
lentwenty ratingfive At first glance it seems like it's just another autocomplete, but it's so much more functional than that.
lenten ratingfive I couldn't type well until i downloaded the app.
lentwo ratingfive Add emoji
lenfive ratingtwo Predict row gone after standby.
leneight ratingtwo Backspace on auto correct doesn't undo correction.
leneight ratingtwo Long press predict doesn't have similar words.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Reading the couple of reviews that wanted this program to understand text message shortcut language and then spell it out, I had to respond.
lenfive ratingfive This is an awesome program.
lenfourteen ratingfive It fixes my typos (which on a smartphone are often and many) almost always.
lenfourteen ratingfive I would be a tenth as fast as what I am, without this program.
lennine ratingfive This is exactly what I've been looking for!
lentwelve ratingthree Love the keyboard but I frequently get "cannot load language packs" error.
lenfive ratingthree Big pain in the rear.
lentwentyone ratingfive Worth every penny, swapped my iphone 5 for a note 2 and was disappointed with the texting this app solves all the issues.
lensix ratingthree Best keyboard app on the market.
lenten ratingthree But the lack of customization is really this app back.
lenthirteen ratingthree Everyone is obviously asking for it,  so let's make some progress please.
lenten ratingfive I love this keyboard but rhe original layout is tacky.
lensix ratingfive The pumpkin one looks amazing though.
lenfifteen ratingfive If there was a green or red version of pumpkin i would be even happier.
lenthree ratingfive Overall awesome though.
lenfifteen ratingfour I would like to see a button to minimize the keyboard like the go keyboard.
lenseven ratingthree Need update to get rid of bugs.
lenfourteen ratingthree Bug1 - when swiping (ie to delete a word) , the last key touched is then entered.
leneight ratingthree Bug2 - auto-input of words seems a bit off.
leneleven ratingthree Ie it is inputting words when I'm not requesting it.
lenfive ratingthree Hard to explain the second?
lenfour ratingtwo Been SO sluggish lately.
lenfive ratingfive I WANT NEW F****** DESIGNS.
lenseventeen ratingfive So many options.it learns the way you type.looks great..what more could you ask for?
leneleven ratingfive And the dedicated number pad is what every keyboard should have.
lenfourteen ratingtwo . I sometimes have to wait up to a minute for the keyboard to appear.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Shouldn't have to restart my phone to be able to type an sms.
leneleven ratingtwo Also it seems to forget everything it's learnt on occasion.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Why did I pay for this when it seems to also be free and identical?
lentwenty ratingfour It's the best keyboard I have used by far, and I love the themes (but maybe a couple more?
lentwentyeight ratingfour Or a way to make our own?) but it has issues with certain words like page, which it often automatically capitalizes or it will change "love" to "live"
lensixteen ratingfour It appears to be a minor glitch and not an actual function of the keyboard itself.
lenthirteen ratingfour In lieu of these aforementioned issues being adjusted, I will gladly grant 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour ^o^ Overall, an excellent job, you guys!
lenfive ratingfour Can't download English US.
lenfour ratingfour Forgets all my presets.
lentwelve ratingfour Still the best but has tapered back to the field a little.
leneighteen ratingfive Amazingly useful, had I known about this app earlier, would have switched from ios a long time ago.
lenten ratingfive Definitely helpful when I need to respond to something quickly.
lenfourteen ratingfive It learns and may become smart enough to kill you.like in "I, Robot".
lennineteen ratingfive It makes it super easy to text in English then portugu闃?without having to switch to a completely different keyboard.
lenseven ratingone Found and reported a bug via email.
lenten ratingone Developer won't respond unless I register for their forum.
lenfive ratingone This isn't customer service.
lenfive ratingfive 100% cannot live without you SwiftKey!
lensix ratingthree Hate hate hate the numeric keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfour With the new jelly bean update is there gonna be any support for emojis within this keyboard
lentwentythree ratingfour I just wish they would come out with a lot more themes or give option to install custom made themes by other people
lentwelve ratingfour Isn't flawless, but it's assuredly the best on the market.
lensix ratingfive Much better than original Android keyboard!
lensix ratingfive Love the customisation options and themes!
lensixteen ratingthree Great but need an option for 4.0 and above to suppress language key in the status bar.
lennineteen ratingthree I deleted the stock keyboard because this is so good but I still get that because of voice typing.
leneleven ratingthree Add that in and some more themes and it will be 5stars.
lentwentyeight ratingfive Have had the app for  > 6 months now, and as it continues to learn my usage, I'm getting down to typing as little as 25% of my final text.
lensix ratingfive Thanks guys, for writing this app !
lentwelve ratingfive What a great app so easy for for peeps with fat fingers.
lenfourteen ratingfive I Only took me two hours to type this instead of the normal four!
lentwentysix ratingfive Started using this the other day and I am amazed at how much better this keyboard is compared to the one that comes with the phone.
lentwentyseven ratingfive Much more accurate typing and the space bar is a lot bigger so I am not accidentally pressing unneeded buttons when I go to push the space.
leneleven ratingfive This speeds up my typing so much, I just love it!
lentwentyone ratingfive Bought it on S3 after using the trial for the full month, after which I had to upgrade which I obviously did.
lentwenty ratingfive The only downside to the trial is that I had to do 2 mins of settings upon installing the full version.
lensix ratingfive Runs smoothly and without any trouble!
lensix ratingfive Big improvement over standard Android keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive But I do need to switch off some features that, for me, go too far.
lenseven ratingfive Awesome at my sloppy big finger typing.
lenfive ratingfive Fantastic, quite a mind reader!
lenfourteen ratingtwo With a recent update to Jellybean, SwiftKey no longer automatically uses predictions when texting.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I have to back out of every message and go back in before it will start fixing typos or using predictive text.
lensix ratingtwo This is very frustrating and annoying.
lenthree ratingtwo Galaxy S3 with sprint.
lenseven ratingone Waste of money wot a rip off
lenseven ratingfive I run my business from my phone.
lentwentythree ratingfive I don't buy a lot of apps because I can usually find a free app that would do the job just fine.
lenfifteen ratingfive I would buy this keyboard if it was 3 times the price it is absolutely awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive The way it anticipates what you want to type is almost scary.
leneight ratingfive Try for 2 weeks and see what you think.
leneight ratingfive I tried the free vs and was hooked!
lentwentyfour ratingfive Improved speed, freakishly accurate predictions, great layouts, attractive designs, makes typing on my phone more than just easy -I'm much more productive, too.
lentwentyone ratingtwo There is a horrible lag with jellybean, it shows up in Google now or right after a txt message is sent.
lenseven ratingfive I saw this on an app review.
lenfour ratingfive I downloaded the trial.
lenten ratingfive LOVED the trail so then I downloaded the FULL version.
lenseven ratingfive Worth every cent. Wonderful tool to have.
lennine ratingfive I my typing accuracy is more better than before.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive Some improvements should be made by increasing the amount of fonts etc and more personalising but apart from that this baby works like a charm and i wouldn't have it any other way!
lenten ratingfive I never thought I'd be paying for a keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive But I bought after only a week of the 30 day trial.
lenfive ratingfive Best setup and word suggestions.
lennine ratingfive This is great, absolutely love it and recommend it.
lennine ratingfive Very clever software that fixes most of my typos.
lenfourteen ratingfive Just needs next/prev buttons on Web form filling like the Samsung keyboard has.
leneleven ratingfive Way better than that default board with much more intelligent layouts.
leneighteen ratingfive ?sign in the first page of num/symbol screen as well as the array of long press options.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app in the market!
lentwentyeight ratingthree I love this keyboard, I purchased I and it works perfectly in all save two situations:  use with google drive in typing long documents, it lags like crazy.
lenfourteen ratingthree Use with google chrome it glitches out, becoming invisible and generally failing to operate.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive freaks me out how it can predict my words kind of crazy but cool i hardly ever type the hole words any more just a few letters and it does the rest for me.
leneighteen ratingfour from a functionality standpoint it's great, but from a cosmetic standpoint it's lacking. need more themes.
lenten ratingfour I need the new update to swype in swift key!
lensix ratingfive This keyboard is perfect for me.
lenfourteen ratingfive I wanted a bigger spacebar,  customizable layout and quick access to punctuation and emoticons.
leneight ratingfive The auto corrections are smart and configurable too.
lenfive ratingfive I highly recommend this keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive HTC Rezound.
lenfour ratingfour Overall an interesting app.
lenfortyone ratingfour Would give it five stars if some things would be attended to, like the ability to completely disable it on physical keboard, adding swype-like functionality or more complex control over automatic spacing or such removal of it in certain conditions.
lenfive ratingfour Otherwise promising, bought to support.
lentwentyeight ratingfive Typing in 'Obama' will bring in highlighted suggested options 'is' which will also bring up the and then 'best' si it basically makes out "Obama is the best"
lenthree ratingfive Money well spent.
leneleven ratingfive Have been struggling with the default keyboard on my new Galaxy 3.
lenfifteen ratingfive Two weeks into the unhappy affair and I have finally got round to downloading SwiftKey.
leneight ratingfive I didn't realise how much missed you!
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard I've used.
lenfourteen ratingfive Got this during a sale for 50% off and its the best value-for-money.
lensixteen ratingfive Its freakishly accurate in predicting my next words and symbols and numbers work like a charm.
lenfifteen ratingfour I'd pay more for a beer so why not pay for a smart keyboard?
lenfourteen ratingfour I I got the trial and less than a day later I bought it.
lensix ratingfour Brilliant for typing in different languages!
lenfifteen ratingfour The ?character in Spanish isn't really needed these days though, hence my 4 star rating.
lennine ratingone Wtf, it's draining my Batery, fix that please
lentwelve ratingthree Great app but they screwed croatian keyboard to the point of unusability
lenfive ratingfive Awesome keyboard, end of story.
lenseventeen ratingfour Swype works terrible on this phone, so this is a welcomed answer to the problem of typing.
lensixteen ratingfive The way it predicts my next word and corrects the current ones are just plain awesome.
lentwenty ratingfive I can just literally smash my finger around and SwiftKey will figure out what word I was trying to type!
leneight ratingtwo .but after last update it's total crap!
leneighteen ratingtwo I'm using Croatian layout and we used to have Croatian letters underneath regular i.e. long press.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Now there are 5 croatian letters at most right making all keys unbelievably tiny!
lennine ratingtwo And I don't want to type in landscape.
lenseventeen ratingtwo If you can't fix this (that ? is under c, ?is under z, etc) please refund me.
lentwelve ratingtwo I'm sorry for one star, but this is completely your fault.
lenfiftyone ratingfive I tried this keyboard juat on a whim, i used to use the swipe input,but this way is a lot faster most of the time it knows what i am trying to say so it saves me from having to delete and try again,i would definitely reccomend this keyboard.
lensix ratingfive Wish I would have never updated.
lenfourteen ratingfive Misses all kinds of letters now and not nearly as responsive as it was.
lentwelve ratingfive And hate that the question mark and period are the same key.
lenseven ratingfour Until I had to reboot my phone.
lennine ratingfive Bought the tablet version then bought the phone version.
lentwentythree ratingfive I am quite careless when I text sometimes I can write a whole word with only 1 or 2 letters right and it fixes it.
lenfifteen ratingfive The prediction is ridiculously awesome and has a great memory on what you text often.
lennine ratingfive It also has cool colors you can choose from.
lenthirteen ratingfive I've tried many keyboard but this one is the best of all.
lenseven ratingfive Saved me hundreds of thousands of keystrokes.
lentwenty ratingfive Much better than stock Samsung, but like others are saying, a personal dictionary would be great and the word shortcuts.
lensixteen ratingfive It would also be great if you would release new features e.g. SwiftKey 'Flow' quicker.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard out there, hands down.
lenfive ratingfive Please add support for vlingo.
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard is really great.
lentwentythree ratingfive With it's adaptive speech, text predictions, voice input, etc., it truly is the best (and to think I used to use swype).
lenseventeen ratingfive I have had 3 android phones and a tablet and I have this installed on all of them.
lenten ratingfive I even have it installed on friends' devices as well.
lentwentytwo ratingfive The only thing I can say that could certainly be better is possibly the auto correction and most definitely the grammar suggestions.
lenthirteen ratingfive I like to be grammatically correct so it's an issue for me.
lenseventeen ratingfive Every time my singular words get autocorrected to plural I wish I could get my money back.
lenfive ratingfive This app is simply amazing!
lenseven ratingfive A must have for every android user.
lennine ratingfour It even predicts when I'll call my mom!
lenfourteen ratingfive It stores your strokes and you will have less chance to correct your spelling.
lentwentyseven ratingfive Android 4.2 keyboard is so nice looking,  please add a theme that look like that or add a theme with separate keys and no gradient shade on keys.
leneight ratingfive I do wish they would add different fonts.
lenfifteen ratingfive This app is magnificent, it makes the default keyboard look like a piece of junk.
leneleven ratingfive I hate this thing right noww i loved the old version.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive This one doesn't put in the prediction if you press the spacebar and doesnt backspace the whole word if you just swipe it back and i dont like this layout change it back please!
lenseventeen ratingfive I have used many a different keyboard in my life but this one is surely the best!
lenfifteen ratingfive Give it a week to learn your writing style and it's predictions are perfect
lenseventeen ratingfour How come it doesn't save the words that I have been entering for a lot times?
lenseventeen ratingfour One thing I wish is that if we purchased this one, we get the tablet one free.
lentwelve ratingfour Other than that, I would never go back to a normal keyboard!
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
lenten ratingfour Only complaint is lack of color options for the themes.
lensix ratingfour Otherwise amazing predictions and running smoothly.
lentwenty ratingfive I love the app, but I am still having the prompt come up asking me to select my default keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Every time I type it wants me to select default keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I'm mentioning it here because developer doesn't know either.
lenfive ratingfive I have the Samsung galaxy.
lenfifteen ratingfive I try to turn off my android keyboard but there is no option for it.
lenseven ratingfive I know it's a android issue.
lentwentyone ratingfive SwiftKey is easily the best keyboard out of the three that I've used (stock keyboard and swype being the others).
lentwentyone ratingfive Not only is it more accurate with keystrokes and predictions,  but it also has a better layout and is more customizable.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it for about three months now and I'll never use anything else.
leneight ratingfive Well swift key is a great productive investment.
lenseven ratingfive You will hardly type 30% of the text.
lentwelve ratingfive You haven't started using an S3 till you've used this app!
lenfive ratingfive It makes typing a dream.
lenfour ratingfive It reads my mind.
leneleven ratingfive This app is the best thing on the market for sure!
lentwelve ratingfive It makes me want to type out whole paragraphs all the time.
lenfourteen ratingfive I'm going to have to get the unlimited texting plan now or something.
lenfour ratingfive Works great, looks great.
lenseventeen ratingfive My only wish would be: that the typing field could be skinned to match the keyboard theme.
lenthree ratingfour Long time user.
lensix ratingfour It's finally working on Chrome!
lentwentyfour ratingfour I don't understand why the predictions were so mediocre on my Rezound, but I'm thrilled with them on my Verizon Galaxy S3, usually.
lenten ratingfour Still wish for an option for the old small spacebar.
lennine ratingfour I don't like to inaccurately slide for punctuation.
lenthree ratingtwo Very nice app!
lensixteen ratingtwo But why does nice app need more energy than the display. i had to deinstall it..
lenfive ratingfive You cant beat thus keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Saves a lor of time.
lenfifteen ratingfive I am new to android and this keyboard makes my 'Radpid' lifestyle so much easier.
lenthree ratingfive Thank you SwiftKey!
lennine ratingfive I found one of the best apps for mobile.
lenseven ratingfive Do you have similar program for desktop?
lensix ratingfive My typing speed increased like anything.
lenthirteen ratingtwo This is a good keyboard but has a tendency to lag when texting.
lensixteen ratingtwo Sometimes I even have to restart my phone just to get it to work more smoothly.
lentwentyseven ratingfive It's annoying when it tries to guess the next word I want after commas and periods, but its Sooooooon much better than my standard keyboard system.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Pretty good,  comes up with some funny predictions though,  can be very annoying at times.
lenfifteen ratingfour This app tight it just we just need more control over the keyboard more customizing
lenfour ratingfour Needs Chinese language support
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely handy..
lenfour ratingfive Truly a superb app.
lensix ratingfive It must've saved me hours.
lenthree ratingfive Really great vfm.
lensix ratingfour Good application for my Samsung Note 2.
lentwentyfour ratingfour Sometimes the auto correct feature doesn't appear and I have to exit the text message and re open it for it to appear.
leneleven ratingfour I purchased the application but please address bug in next release.
lenseventeen ratingfive Saves me so much trouble - often knows what I want to put even before I do! :p
lentwentysix ratingfour I cannot judge anything.as I am not able to install the language files.when contacted support, reply is that they don't support custom roms.
lentwentyeight ratingfour please have an update which will support custom roms.or please alter the compatibility for app ,so that only people whose device will support the app will purchase .
lensix ratingfive Very much my keyboard of choice.
lenseventeen ratingtwo Takes twice as long to type a message due to all the errors I must manually correct.
lentwentysix ratingtwo On the other hand it is fun to just hit spacebar over and over to see what bizarre message it comes up with on its own.
lentwentythree ratingfive This is a god send I have a small Android phone and fat fingers, this keyboard makes life so much easier for me :)
lentwentythree ratingfive I've used most keyboards for android, I had the trial of this for a whole hour before I purchased the full version.
leneleven ratingfive When transferring from the trial, it didn't keep my data.
lenten ratingfive I really enjoyed looking at my stats and my dictionary.
lenfive ratingfive Maybe I did something wrong?
lentwentysix ratingone I hate the fact that you can't turn off predictions, and I also hate that you can't turn off the automatic space after punctuation.
lensix ratingone Otherwise, this is a great keyboard.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I used to always use the Stock Android keyboard but have just found that the Jelly Bean one just isn't as good as this.
lenseventeen ratingfive It's ability to correct what you type when you miss keys or mistype words is incredible.
lentwentyone ratingfive My typing has become a lot quicker and I love the fact that there are so many options to customise this.
lentwentyone ratingfive The prediction abilities are pretty amazing as well, it gives you a great insight into words that you use so often!
leneighteen ratingfive This is definitely the best 3rd party keyboard and in my opinion, the best keyboard to use on Android.
lenseven ratingfive But pleeeeeease make more color skins available:-)
lensixteen ratingfive I came from the iPhone which made the Samsung keyboard the worst part of my day.
lenfour ratingfive This app changed everything.
lensixteen ratingfive It's intuitive, corrects accurately 99% of the time and leaves every other keyboard in the dust.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive I just love SwiftKey.
lenfour ratingfive Ich liebe SwiftKey einfach.
lentwentyfive ratingthree For some reason when I paid for this app all the predictions went whack and it is much harder to write messages now not impressed.
lensixteen ratingone Had this app for a while now,  all of a sudden unable to load language packs.
lensixteen ratingfive Saves me so much time when replying to emails and texts about my self defence classes.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive Where I would have to repeat myself, or have to save a draft with all the info for a new student/client, I can now reply in seconds, but make the message/email more personal.
lentwenty ratingfive Trust me, it will save you so much time and effort that you will wonder how you managed without it!
lenfourteen ratingfive First I was skeptical if it could be better than the normal Samsung keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive And I must say its fenomenal much easier to write and so much for faster, love it.
lentwenty ratingfive It's magical how it detect what I intend to write, and also supports several languages at the same time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Did extensive testing And Swift key was the cause of my widgets not refreshing.
leneight ratingtwo Great app if it wasn't for that.
leneight ratingtwo This keyboard needs to come into the 21st century.
lensix ratingtwo It's missing swype and emojis.
lenfive ratingtwo I regret buying this app.
lentwelve ratingfive One of the only apps I've never had a problem with
lentwelve ratingfour The language pack finally downloaded so all is well for the moment.
leneight ratingtwo The keyboard ant even keep with y fingers.
leneleven ratingfive Works ok.  Don't like the look of it on ICS.
lensix ratingfive Plz make a nice ICS theme.
lenfifteen ratingone Every time I restart my Note 2 (AT&T Jellybean 4.1.1) it reverts back to Samsung keyboard.
leneleven ratingone I have to re select swift keys again to use it.
lenthirteen ratingfive Please we need new and updated features in this our beloved keyboard app.
leneighteen ratingfive Likewise, a mini app version compatible with multi-windows feature in Samsung Galaxy note 1 and 2 is urgently needed.
leneleven ratingfive I never comment on anything but had to about swift key.
lenten ratingfive This is by far the best app I have downloaded.
lenfour ratingfive Need Support for Note 2
lenthirtyfour ratingone SwiftKey could be 5 stars but suggests Northumberland and Gloucestershire instead of words people use and wants to follow Julia with Roberts and Paul with McCartney so completely useless until that weirdness is sorted out.
lenthirtyone ratingfive My friend borrowed my phone to text our friend, and he said he could type faster on my phone than on his own iPhone, despite using Android for the first time.
lensix ratingfive Please work on Chinese input soon!
lensix ratingfive I hate switching to Google Pinyin.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour This app is dam near perfect but i dont like that it doesn't have a swipe feature i dont like having to switch back and forth to use swipe which i use alot.
lentwo ratingfour Awesome keyboard!
lenten ratingfour I wonder if there working on a jellybean theme keyboard?
leneighteen ratingfive Plain and simple I would have gone back to my Iphone if it wasn't for this app.
leneighteen ratingfive Everything you do on your phone is surrounded by the keyboard and the stock keyboard was absolutely terrible.
lenthree ratingfive Shame on Samsung.
lensix ratingfive But the keyboard should have swype.
lennineteen ratingfive I've tried a lot of keyboards for Android and this is the best out of all of them!
lennineteen ratingfive For a fast typer I rely on the predictions and this is the best type of keyboard I need.
leneleven ratingfive Predictions are awesome its like the app is reading my mind!
lenfourteen ratingfive If you are going to spend money on any keyboard app this is it!
leneight ratingfive Very good  Very fast best keyboard out there
leneight ratingfive JB 4.2 REMOVED BUT I NEED SWIFTKEY TO TYPE.
lenfourteen ratingfour I bought this app to support, I hope they add Turkish layout in future.
lensix ratingfour I'll raise it to 5 stars.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree All my settings are set to use my SwiftKey as default,  but I have to open the SwiftKey app every time I turn my device on in order to be able to use it.
leneight ratingfive But I wonder; What's about speech input.
lenten ratingfive Couldn't SwiftKey come in after Google's speech recognition?
lenthirteen ratingfive If Google is slightly wrong, SwiftKey would know better out of the context.
lentwelve ratingone Obnoxious keyboard, no way to turn off predictive tabs at the top.
lenten ratingfive Highly customizable, great auto-correct, fast (never misses a stroke).
leneleven ratingfive Does not work with Jelly Bean Update: 17/11/12 - problem resolved by update.
lenfive ratingfive The latest version is awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive Works very well on my Samsung Galaxy Note riding on the 4G LTE network.
lenseven ratingfive SwiftKey also works on my Android Tablet.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard!
lenfifteen ratingfive Definitely worth the money and I never buy apps just wish it was more customizable.
lentwelve ratingfive I had a copy of swiftkey x I could not live without.
lenfifteen ratingfive 4.1 rolled out to my GS3 and Swiftkey x was acting up so I upgraded to this.
lennineteen ratingthree Great keyboard but I have a difficult time submitting text I have entered using this keyboard on most websites.
lennine ratingthree Also I find its slower to respond than Skype.
lenseven ratingthree Maybe this will improve in future versions.
lentwelve ratingfive love this!  wish it had the ability to use swype as well.
lensix ratingone The keyboard isn't that great.
leneleven ratingone It's so annoying going back to change something multiple times.
lennine ratingone I typed dad and it switched it to fad.
lentwo ratingone Keyboard sucks!
lenfifteen ratingfive Used GO keyboard before, this one feels better with better prediction and some nice features
lentwelve ratingfive This is the only app I have ever bought for my phone!
lenten ratingfive It's such a time saver and I love it!
lenfive ratingfive Cant function with out it.!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I tried the trial and was very impressed.tried to go back to the standard samsung keyboard and there is no comparison
lentwenty ratingfive Download the trial, as i did, and i guarantee you will happily pay for the full version when it expires.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent App!
leneleven ratingfive This has to be in the top 3 of my favorite keyboards.
lensixteen ratingfive I've been using gesture and predictive keyboards on android for a couple of years now.
leneight ratingfive When I upgraded to android 4.2, I uninstalled Swype.
lentwentytwo ratingfive But the android keyboard even with gestures disappoints me compared to Swiftkey, which is better at prediction and as solid and reliable.
lensix ratingfive I cannot wait for Swiftkey flow!
lentwelve ratingfive More themes please, would be great a way to create customized themes
lenten ratingfive This keyboard is amazing cuts down typing time into fractions
leneight ratingfour Some minor issues, but by far the keyboard.
lentwentyone ratingthree Pls update for note 2 one hand operation also putting numbers up top like default keyboard then this is the ultimate app
lenthirtytwo ratingfour I used the trial and really liked it-would actually like to see more theme choices-how about black background with red or pink-red background with black or blue-even white?
lenthree ratingfive My Typing App.
lenfourteen ratingone Every time I restart my device I need to make SwiftKey as a default!
lennine ratingone Have tried for days to download English language pack.
lensix ratingone Each time I get download failed.
lenfifteen ratingfour The keyboard is great makes me type so much faster wish there was swipe though.
lensix ratingfive Zero lag, great features and themes
leneight ratingone Someone needs to add a forward delete button.
lensixteen ratingfive Talk to text,  wow,  never write a text message again,  neon keyboard looks great,  but it
lensixteen ratingfour Better than the vast majority of standard keyboards and probably the best keyboard in the market.
lenfourteen ratingfour However, it would be better to have a larger, much larger, selection of themes!
lentwo ratingfour Leggy Tosroe.
lenseven ratingfive Awsome typing, even in spanish or english
lensixteen ratingfive Way better than the stock keyboard,  and I think it's the best on the market.
lenfour ratingfive Please add more skins!
lensixteen ratingfive Like all the other buyers who bought this app said: I don't usually buy apps.
lentwenty ratingfive But when a friend of mine recommended it to me and I downloaded it, I have been amazed by it.
lenfive ratingfive It is accurate beyond belief.
lentwenty ratingfive You would think that a keyboard app couldn't be THAT great, but that is where most people go wrong.
lentwelve ratingfive SwiftKey is not your ordinary app, it is of the next generation.
leneleven ratingfive TLDR: get it, it'll be worth your time and money.
lennine ratingfive This is the best keyboard bin have ever used.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the price.
lentwenty ratingtwo I install it but key taking me off the swift key goes back to regular keyboard what sup with that
lenseven ratingfive Love that it's amazing at predictions.
lenseven ratingone Annoying and no better than normal keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingone Won't let you type in certain words easily and will often incorrectly guess and change words.
lenten ratingone Even writing this it annoyed me a number of times.
lenthree ratingfive Just plain awesome!  :)
lensix ratingfive Best typing app on the market.
lenfourteen ratingfour Good predictions and very helpful when my fingers don't hit the right keys.
lenten ratingfive It's the only app I have ever paid for.
lenfour ratingfive Saves so much time.
lenfourteen ratingfive It's going to reduce the number of carpel tunnel cases in this world.
lensix ratingfour Best keyboard in the android market!
lenfour ratingfour Predications are quite accurate.
lenthirteen ratingfour Would be 5 stars if there is Chinese language input and one-operations keyboard.
lenseven ratingfour A personal dictionary would be ideal too!
lenfourteen ratingthree First I was disappointed by Google, because Chrome and Google Now were so laggy.
lenten ratingthree But then I found out that Swiftkey is the problem.
lennine ratingthree There is much less lag with the stock keyboard.
leneight ratingtwo There is no Chinese language available until today?
lenthree ratingtwo Pls update soon!
leneleven ratingtwo ***Pls don't buy if you want to type in Chinese.***  2.
lentwentyone ratingtwo Would appreciate if user can configure single space bar to select prediction & double space bar to always insert a full stop.
leneight ratingtwo (both to work at the same time time)   3.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Can't scroll down when keying in pop up message, like filling up review now.
lenfourteen ratingtwo So I can't press "ok" and have to revert to HTC Sense keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfour Really great and helps improving the writing speed but there is one things I don't like.
lentwentytwo ratingfour If you try type for example 10 or 15 or something like that it always wants to correct it t the first number only.
lentwelve ratingtwo Not that accurate if you enjoy tapping the buttons instead of gliding.
lenten ratingthree Keeps crashing when trying to tag posts on Tumblr app.
lensix ratingthree Emoji support would be awesome to.
lennine ratingfive Works way better than my phones built in swype.
lennine ratingfive I think the predictive text stuff is just fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive More themes please is all I ask!
lenthree ratingone Swipe functions broken
lenseven ratingfive Du bliver positivt overrasket. jeg lover det. :-)
leneight ratingone Keeps force closing before I even finish enabling.
lenfour ratingfive Need you say more?
lentwo ratingfive Okay fine.
lenthirteen ratingfive It learns how you talk to better predict you and save you time.
lenseven ratingfive The heat map is amusing also lol!
lenfive ratingone Auto correct is horribly inaccurate.
leneleven ratingfive best keyboard out there with the some of the ugliest themes
lennine ratingone The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous.
lenseven ratingone Allow the option to turn it off.
lenfifteen ratingone If you haven't tried A.I.type Keyboard, then you're seriously missing out.
lenten ratingfive I never really got into typing on smart phones before.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive I use it for German and English and it's easy to switch language, I easily get all the ?, 眉's etc whilst keeping the prediction language I mainly need for that text.
lenfifteen ratingfive I was actually looking for a keyboard that kept the extra line for the numbers.
lentwentyone ratingfive But holding 'till you get the extra click works really well and the text prediction saves me so much more time.
leneight ratingfive I bought it after less than an hour!
lentwo ratingfive Great job!
lenseventeen ratingone No no no! I was looking for an iPhone like keyboard but this does not cut it.
lenten ratingone Sorry guys, it's slow and autocorrect is sub par.
leneleven ratingone Download the stock ICS keyboard and get the real android experience.
lenthree ratingfive Love this keyboard!
lenfive ratingfive This is a awesome app.
lensix ratingfive Way better than they stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Are there some hidden keys?
lentwentyfour ratingfive I only ask because somehow I manage to insert a fish when I press on a blank word prediction square above the predicted words.
leneight ratingfour Would give 5 stars if have more skin colors.
lenthirteen ratingfive I was totally shocked by how much less typing I had to do.
lentwelve ratingfive It recognizes commonly typed sentences and allows you to choose the word.
lenfive ratingfive This app is a keeper.
lentwelve ratingfive This is by far the best keyboard application on the android market!
leneleven ratingtwo Then a couple updates hit and screwed up the word prediction.
lensixteen ratingtwo Has quite a few bugs with jelly bean like it always asking to select input method.
lenseventeen ratingtwo In all it got quite frustrating to use and personalization didn't seem to help a bit.
leneleven ratingtwo I had to uninstall and go back to the stock keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive I absolutely fell in love with this keyboard after I tried out the demo version.
lenfifteen ratingfive I vowed to buy it once I got my GS3 and have not looked back since.
lennine ratingfive I love it and would recommend it to anyone.
lensix ratingfour On gingerbread it was lighting fast.
leneleven ratingfour On ICS its slow and gets caught a lot while typing.
lensix ratingfive Amazing will never use another app
lennine ratingfive The Samsung stock keyboard is appalling, this is not.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Quite simply put, if you try this app and get used to it you'll find it very difficult to go back.
lennineteen ratingfive I don't normally purchase apps, but for the sake of a pint, I made an exception for this.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Love this keyboard - coming from a phone with a hardware keyboard (Nokia N900), I was a bit nervous about moving to phones with soft-keyboards.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive After downloading Swiftkey, I'm more than happy and love the learning type-ahead and it's ability to work out what I was trying to type when my big thumbs get in the way!
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
leneight ratingfour The predictions work absolutely fine for other languages.
lensix ratingfour Will give 5 when swype is implemented.
lentwentytwo ratingfour I love this keyboard but u guys have to get better key sounds :( I don't like the one u have now!
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard!
lentwelve ratingfive I actually can type without looking at the phone sometime. just Great!
lenten ratingfive It would be perfect if there was a backspace key!
lenthree ratingfive Awesome once configured
lenten ratingfive Finally a use for Facebook and hundreds of SMS messages!
lennineteen ratingfour There had been highs and lows for this keyboard but it's the best and only one for me.
leneighteen ratingfour Better at learning words in my native language but would be better if it actually had my language.
lenseven ratingfour Filipino/Tagalog pack and emoji plugin then 5*.
lenten ratingfour Would give 5stars if there's an option for Chinese language
lenthirteen ratingone Found out that this is overrated and auto correction can be a PIA.
lenten ratingone Worse thing is that this keyboard drains your battery life.
lentwenty ratingone I did some research on the Web and sure enough, other people are reporting the same issue with battery life.
lenfive ratingone Please fix battery drain problem.
lenten ratingone I disabled Swift Key and my battery life has improved.
lenfifteen ratingone If you're thinking about getting this wait until the battery issue has been resolved.
lenthirteen ratingthree If you could slide your finger to text then it would be amazing.
lenfour ratingthree I'm using TouchPal!
lensix ratingfive Incredibly intelligent and fast keyboard software.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive This keyboard makes it very easy to actually type things correctly on your phone instead of having the spelling and grammar of a second grader that is characteristic of many messages typed on cell phones.
lennineteen ratingfive Great keyboard,  not a fan of the smile face button though,  an option too remove that would be great
lentwo ratingfive Sooooo slow.
lenfive ratingfive I cannot fault this app.
lenfour ratingone No support at all.
leneight ratingone no one to contact if u have problem.
lenfourteen ratingone whenever i wanna use the sign () it always write wrong and impossible to use.
leneleven ratingone many people try to contact and complain but nobody answer there !
lentwentynine ratingone i have tried to ask if possible to add "numbers" on top of the keyboard like on Samsung original keyboard and they sent me to write on their blog.
lensix ratingone but no one answer, nobody care.
leneleven ratingone when they became good, they just ignore the customers at all.
lenseven ratingone i wish i wouldn't pay them !
lennineteen ratingone p.s. it help to correct mistakes but in the stock keyboard i dont get any mistakes at all.
lenfifteen ratingone after a yer of disappointment and ignorant i am going back to the stock keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive I didn't believe the hype but it makes typing so much better.
lenfive ratingfive So much better than stock
leneleven ratingone Seriously, swear words are not allowed to be added to dictionary.
lensixteen ratingone Otherwise good but don't upgrade to a tablet or they will make you pay again.
lenfive ratingone Going to go stock 4.2 keyboard.
lentwelve ratingone Oh and the software hangs you wait and wait then it works.
lentwelve ratingone It's a keyboard there is no reason why it should hang.
lentwelve ratingone I shouldn't have to wait for my input device to load.
lennine ratingfive I type in spanish and english all the time.
lenfourteen ratingfive With this keyboard I don't have to switch languages back and forth.ever!
lenthree ratingfive Excellent keyboard app!
lensixteen ratingfive When my trial ended and went back to regular one, I immediately bought the full version.
leneleven ratingfive This has been my very first paid app i've gotten.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the 4 bucks.
leneight ratingone Horrible lag. <---- that message took 5 minutes to type.
lentwentysix ratingthree Half of the time it's great, but also the other half of the time I feel like throwing my very expensive phone at a wall.
lenfifteen ratingthree It seems as though it has become worse the longer I have been using it.
lenten ratingfour In fact I'm using SwiftKey to type this review.
leneighteen ratingfour I find the keyboard buttons more accommodating than on the default (JB 4.1.1) Hold-for-punctuation key is great.
lentwentytwo ratingfour Though the stock keyboard has this as well, I think SwiftKey did one better by distributing the special chars across more keys.
lentwentytwo ratingfour Prediction feature is snappy as it doesn't ask for permission to add to dictionary every time there's a new word.
lentwentyone ratingfour My one complaint is that the accent char (usually with "~") is missing on UK keyboard as far as I can tell.
leneight ratingthree Its getting laggier very single update they released.
leneleven ratingthree Usually takes a few seconds to keep up with my speed.
leneighteen ratingfive I have used many other keyboards and o have not been able to find one that comes close.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Make sure to take the long press time way down so you won't need to ever switch to the other screens!
lennine ratingthree I miss the classic Alphanumeric KBD on portrait mode.
lenfour ratingfive Amazing and so clever!
leneight ratingfive Any other keyboard just doesn't cut it.
lensixteen ratingfive There is no better keyboard in terms of feel; how it feels to type with SwiftKey!
lenthirtysix ratingfive I would like to request two additions though: 1) to press anywhere in a word and be able to edit the whole word from that spot, not just the part of the word that's before it.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive 2) An option for the Galaxy Note/2 (and maybe other devices) with the ability to switch to a stylus friendly space where you can write out words like in the Samsung keyboard available for the Note 2!
leneleven ratingfive I hated typing on my phone until I got this app.
lenten ratingfive Best keyboard, unbelievanly accurate prediction, and it now has Swype.
lenten ratingfive This is by far the best keyboard app for Android.
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the investment.
lentwo ratingfive Samsung Nexus.
lenthree ratingfive Absolutely fantastic app.
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the money.
lenten ratingfive My typing has improved massively in both accuracy and speed.
lenseven ratingtwo This keyboard is pretty good in general.
leneight ratingtwo But it is lacking in languages it supports.
leneight ratingtwo Realised it doesn't support Chinese after buying.
lenfive ratingtwo Please include Chinese for this.
lenfortyone ratingfive i just got this yesterday, i had my doubts just like anyother key board and at first it was to me then i realized i wasnt even typing the whole word when i was texting lol and now i cant stop!
lenfour ratingtwo More themes plz update
leneleven ratingfive Best typing system so much better than the standard Samsung one
lenseven ratingone Enabling SwiftKey makes my phone freeze frequently.
lennineteen ratingfive If you do not have this app and you text a lot then you are missing out hands down
lennineteen ratingfive Save me a lot of time when typing, excellent predictions, excellent performance using two languages at the same time.
lensix ratingfive In my case Spanish and English.
lennine ratingfive First app I bought, the developer deserves that buck.
lentwentythree ratingfive Please add a casual black and blue theme (like the dark theme, but blue) and a black and red theme would be nice!
lenseven ratingfive Great app I love it a lot.
lennine ratingfive This keyboard does a great job with its predictions.
lentwentyone ratingfive I love when it knows the entire text I am trying to send! It is rather pricey, but definitely worth it!
lensixteen ratingfive Awesome, wish I could get more theams, but as close to perfect as you can get
lentwentytwo ratingfive Google's ICS keyboard isn't bad, but besides that I have never used another keyboard that even compares to this one.
lensixteen ratingfive I love the swipe to delete a word, and building sentences with the predictions and laughing.
lensix ratingfive Well worth the money I paid.
lentwenty ratingfive Update: lately when I open the keyboard sometimes the predictions don't show up until I close and reopen it.
lentwelve ratingfive Still love the keyboard on all my devices, but it's annoying.
lentwentyone ratingthree Great keyboard but there is no way to enable handwriting recognition by either pressing a button or removing the S-Pen.
lensixteen ratingthree Also needs option for dedicated number row at the top like on the stock Note 2 keyboard.
leneight ratingthree Everything functions wonderfully but badly needs these features.
lennine ratingfive This keyboard is excellent and just keeps getting smarter!
lennine ratingone The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous.
lenseven ratingone Allow the option to turn it off.
lenfifteen ratingone If you haven't tried A.I.type Keyboard, then you're seriously missing out.
lentwenty ratingfour I hear of a swype-like feature . but is it on this version or a different app from SwiftKey altogether.
lentwentythree ratingthree 1.still no chinese language support 2.occasional hangs 3.frequently used punctuations a hit n miss affair with the sliding gesture. prefer a dedicated key.
lenthirteen ratingthree 4.currency sign is pounds simply because i prefer UK spellings? cant be changed.
leneighteen ratingfive Predictions for contracted I phrases sometimes work, sometimes don't. It's still worth 5 stars though, great keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lenfifty ratingfive love this app makes my phone stand out one thing I would love to see is a light shimmering affect that would work its way across the key board with different shimmer colors that said this iseasilythe best in the world maybe a few more colors for your key board.
lenfive ratingfive Awesome for lazies like me
lenseventeen ratingthree The keyboard focuses too much on correcting errors, and not enough on correctly detecting the correct keypress.
lenseventeen ratingthree With SwiftKey, I have alot more typing errors (albeit corrected by SwiftKey) than with the Samsung keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I had a messaging phone cause i hate touch screen keyboards.
lenten ratingfive I downloaded this and now I use the screen only.
lenfive ratingthree It make me type faster.
lenfive ratingthree But the themes are lame.
lenten ratingthree Wish they would add some new schemes for the themes.
lenfour ratingthree Gets boring very quickly.
lenfive ratingfive Way better than GO KEYBOARD.
lensix ratingfive Uses a little less resources, also.
lenthree ratingfive Customizations are perfect.
lennine ratingfive It really learns how you type & what you say.
leneleven ratingfour Awesome keyboard and use it as my default keyboard on my S3.
lentwenty ratingfour But needs an option to increase the space bar key as i find it a little on the small side.
lentwenty ratingthree Can u make it so when u use the second tab to have the numbers across the top like normal.
lensixteen ratingfive The only thing I would change is to add an option for automatic updates for personalization.
lenseven ratingthree Will not stay as my default keyboard.
lentwentynine ratingthree I have used this app for a long time with no problems, but now, since the last couple of updates, it keeps going back to my phones original keyboard.
lenfortytwo ratingthree I dont kno what yall did but the spacing is messed up now and there is 3 blank squares so now every word I type im pressing the wrong letter than I expect to hit like all letters got shifted to the left.
leneleven ratingthree Love the themes and features just fix whatever yall screwed up.
lenthirteen ratingfour Would be nice to be able to adjust intensity as well as duration.
lenten ratingfive Great program to be able to type without major complications
lennine ratingone I used free version I just fell in love.
lennine ratingone Hated chatting bcoz cudnt type fast on touch keyboard.
lenfive ratingone Ppl say I'm changed.
lenfifteen ratingone In simple words SwiftKey really changed my life n saved a lot of my time.
lentwenty ratingone But wen i purchased n removed old app my all saved stats gone.Wtever swift learnt from me is lost.
lentwo ratingone Dats baddd.
lenfive ratingone Plz do smting fr dis.
lennine ratingone Did this happen to all who purchased da app.
leneighteen ratingthree Needs some heavy fixing with lag issues on SGS3, also force closes whe editing tags in Tumblr app posts
leneight ratingfive Recently came across your app and its amazing.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive I did not believe how much of an effect would indeed having and now after only having used it for 24 hours I can honestly say that I'll be using it for the rest of my life.
lenseventeen ratingfive When I initially got my GS3 it would simply not type what I WAS typing, it was insane.
lenten ratingfive Swiftkey is a god-send! Keep on fighting the fight!
lentwentyfive ratingfour This was the first keyboard I used on my phone when i got it, and it'll probably be the last one I use too.
lenfourteen ratingfour Everything just works, customizable to cater to any performance needs as well as aestheticly.
leneighteen ratingfour I have one simple request I think would be an amazing addition to an already incredibly performing app.
lentwenty ratingfour Add a feature to slide the directional keys from the bottom so they don't get accidently hit whilst typing.
lenseven ratingfour That is literally my only complaint lol.
lenfour ratingfour Add for five stars!
lennine ratingone Good for English and waste money for Cyrillics layout
lentwentythree ratingfour Best prediction out there, but it mysteriously starts to lag (a bit) when there is a lot of text in the text field.
lennine ratingfour Especially strange because I'm using a one x+.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I've been using it through many of my Android devices but this time I bought it  .
lensixteen ratingfive They are also introducing a swype-style feature soon, which will make this the ultimate keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Make a deal with them and make this your S3 default keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Way faster than swype.
lennine ratingfive I used free version I just fell in love.
lennine ratingfive Hated chatting bcoz cudnt type fast on touch keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Ppl say I'm changed.
lenfifteen ratingfive In simple words SwiftKey really changed my life n saved a lot of my time.
lentwenty ratingfive But wen i purchased n removed old app my all saved stats gone.Wtever swift learnt from me is lost.
lentwo ratingfive Dats baddd.
lenfive ratingfive Plz do smting fr dis.
lennine ratingfive Did this happen to all who purchased da app.
lenten ratingfive Would love it if auto correct could be turned off.
lenfourteen ratingone Wonderful, but no matter what height chosen, the landscape keyboard covers the whole display.
leneight ratingone You just see the keyboard and nothing else.
lentwentyone ratingfour What about being able to learn from whatsapp as I do most of the typing there (most of the people do).
lenseven ratingfive It can predict my text very well!
lenseven ratingfive Didn't regret paying for this app.
lensix ratingfive Buy it totally worth the money!
lennine ratingfive Could u set the numeric pad in the middle?
lentwo ratingfour Great application.
lensix ratingfive It's predictions are amazingly accurate.
lentwentyeight ratingfive I never thought I'd prefer a touchscreen keyboard over a physical one, but this app has changed my perception of software keyboards and how they should work.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Its prediction engine is amazing, you can type very quickly and sloppily and the autocorrect will work well almost all the time.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive If you allow it to, it can learn your writing style based on your sent emails, texts, Facebook and Twitter posts, which tunes the prediction engine to your unique style of writing.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended!
lentwentyfive ratingthree Not sure why but I'm experiencing lag on swiftx 3 lately :( getting quite annoying,  I'd hit a key dead on and get no response
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
lensix ratingfive Seems to be "forgetting" my words.
lenten ratingfive And I just had it learn them too -_- anyone else?
lentwentyone ratingfive Space after comma or period is hit and miss. Please make it easier to delete words that were saved on accident.
lenfive ratingfive So confusing to delete words.
leneleven ratingfive Some are so easy, others don't even give the option.
lenseven ratingfive Why does it capitalize words like Page?
lensixteen ratingone Title says it all, it works great on Android 2.2 but will only work sporadically on Android 4.1.
lensix ratingone The predictive text is the problem.
leneleven ratingone Unfortunately I have to stop using this until it is fixed.
lenthirtysix ratingthree I'm trying to keep this because I really liked it at first but this lag of type 10 words and it's still typing one letter at a time on the first word back  is frustrating.
lenthirteen ratingfive Only thing it's missing is more themes; can't wait for Flow.
lenfifteen ratingfive With Swype continuing to get worse I thought I'd give this one a bash.
lennine ratingfive So glad that I did as it's amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive Much quicker than Swype because I don't need to correct things as much.
lensix ratingfive I often type constantly switching languages.
leneighteen ratingfive This is able to correct and predict even when if I were to mix them in one sentence!
lentwo ratingfive Great job.
lenten ratingfive I purchased a new Samsung GS2 to replace an older phone.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I was loving everything about my new phone until I began sending texts and realized that the stock keyboard was totally worthless.
lenfifteen ratingfive I seriously considered returning the phone, since sending text messages had become such a chore.
leneighteen ratingfive I had previously owned an HTC phone and it had the types of features that Swift Key has.
leneleven ratingfive Once I installed Swift Key, I loved my new phone again.
lentwentyone ratingfive Swift Key totally rocks, I have showed it to a number of friends and they have all been amazed by it.
lentwelve ratingfive I previously had an HTC phone and loved the keyboard on it.
lenthirteen ratingfive While I love my new Samsung, I hated the keyboard it came with.
lenseventeen ratingfive This comes pretty close to the HTC keyboard, and the corrections and predictions are even more accurate.
lenfourteen ratingfive Get the trial first to make sure you like it, but I love it.
lentwentythree ratingone This app didn't work on my old SE X10i and now I've upgraded to a galaxy nexus it still doesn't. Really?
lensix ratingone This is the best Android replacement?
lennineteen ratingone It's dire on my Samsung galaxy nexus if I press the space bar I get an I inserted?
leneleven ratingone The predictive words thing does not work on my stock browser????
lentwentyone ratingfour Was loving this, but since the OS Update on my Samsung Galaxy s2, I've had a lot more auto-correct mistakes.
leneleven ratingfour Writing an extended post on fb, I then somehow lost it.
leneighteen ratingfour I was amazed how swift key actually remembered the whole paragraph without having to type every word again.
lenfifteen ratingfour Overall it doesn't always pick the words you want but it's close enough.
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely amazing!
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lentwo ratingfive Worth purchasing
lenfour ratingfour Genuinely a fantastic keyboard.
lenthree ratingfour Thoroughly recommend this.
lenfour ratingfour Grab over the sale.
lenseven ratingfour Pretty disappointed due to no android emoji.
leneight ratingfour Can't you make to option to themes?
lensix ratingfour Just like auto mode n' manual?
lentwentyone ratingfour I mean in auto mode on system time ( or custom time setting or light sensor)  change between 2  themes that user selected.
leneight ratingfour Manual mode having all the time users selection.
lenseven ratingfour Just because I always use dark theme.
lenseven ratingfour But it not best option in sunlight.
lenthirteen ratingfive Coming from the stock experience it takes a day or so to adjust.
lennine ratingfour This app would be perfect if Chinese is included.
lenten ratingfive This app allows you to look good with touch type.
lentwentyfive ratingfive I had a iphone and this is a really challenger to that sms system, only downside is that you can't add words to dictionary
lenfive ratingfive Love this & the tablet version!
lenfive ratingfive Easy to use & very intuitive.
lenten ratingfive Samsung Galaxg S3 I tried the trial and then uninstalled it.
lentwenty ratingfive That only lasted a few days - I got out the credit card and made the purchase (for half price, too).
lenfifteen ratingfive I really, really wanted to find a free keyboard, but nothing events and came close.
lennineteen ratingfive This thing is really smart, and I spend more time on the predicted list than I do punching letters.
lenseven ratingfive Makes texting and composing emails super fast.
leneleven ratingthree Good work on predictions but the keys should work more efficiently.
lenfour ratingthree in the tablet version :(
lennine ratingfive I'm writing so fast and smooth right now.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard!
leneight ratingfive You only need to make it more customizable.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard I've ever used
lenthirtysix ratingfive Yo vengo de la aplicaci贸n swipe, pero este me gusto mucho m谩s ya que la predicci贸n de palabra es sumamente incre铆ble, yo uso mi tel茅fono horizontalmente a la hora de escribir ya que me encuentro bien inc贸modo escribir de la otra manera.
lenfortythree ratingfive En tan s贸lo unos minutos me he acostumbrado a este teclado lo cual marca la diferencia con el swipe el cual me tom贸 varios d铆as en aprenderlo, pero la gran diferencia entre las dos aplicaciones es la manera de como reconoce y elige la palabra correcta.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Ever since I downloaded this thing it has a mind of its own.
lennine ratingtwo It won't let me post comments on Facebook.
lennine ratingtwo It won't let me post in chat rooms.
leneleven ratingtwo And IF/WHEN it finally does work it force closes suddenly.
lensixteen ratingtwo Maybe it's just me but my phone seems to be lagging like crazy as well.
lenfive ratingtwo Please look into this issue.
leneleven ratingtwo On a good note the word prediction is EXTREMELY important accurate.
leneight ratingfive Recommend this to everyone who owns a smartphone
lennine ratingfour Me gustar铆a que le a艌idiece mas emociones gr谩ficas ala hora de textiar :-)
lensix ratingfive I decided for 2 bucks why not.
lenseven ratingfive I this is definitely worth full price.
leneight ratingfive Best keyboard, better than the built in S3 version.
lenthirteen ratingfive Previously i used to reserve works that require excessive typing to my laptop.
lenfifteen ratingfive But now I prefer my mob and the only reason for it is this app.
lenfour ratingfive Waiting for swiftkey flow!
lenfifteen ratingfive Just purchased a Droid Maxx HD, and SwiftKey is still better than the default keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfive I bought it even without trying the free version and now I'm never switching keyboards again.
lenfour ratingfive Excelente great job guys
lenfifteen ratingthree One would think it would work well with Google products but is far from it.
lentwenty ratingthree I use Google Chrome a lot and it crashes a lot as well and it's because of this keyboard.
lentwentyfour ratingthree The keyboard is quite customizable and has a lot of options that makes it a product you can't miss on your Android device.
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard application on the market!
lentwentyone ratingthree It's good but it don't stay as default keyboard I have to go into settings and put it back
lentwo ratingfive Awesome app!
lenten ratingfour Awesome for email, sms, whatsapp, note taking, etc. Thumbs up!
leneight ratingfive This is the greatest keyboard on the market
leneight ratingfive This app is the KING of android keyboards.
lensix ratingfive You can type nearly 3 times faster!
lentwelve ratingfive SwiftKey is just one of those apps you need on your phone.
lenthirteen ratingfive Their intelligent learning process is what makes this a step above the rest.
lentwelve ratingfive Worth every penny because of the amount of time it saves you.
lensix ratingfour This is a solid keyboard app.
leneleven ratingfour A must have for any touch smartphone not just android phones.
lentwenty ratingfour Loses a star because a) should be the default keyboard for Android phones really and b) no swype feature yet.
lenfourteen ratingfour But all in all love it and took advantage of the $1.99 thanksgiving sale price.
lenfortyfour ratingfive This keyboard is the answer to my prayers I'm so in love with it but my only complaint is the themes they look like an old lady made them yes the neon is the best but it's kinda hard on the eyes.
lenthirtyone ratingfive I got my Galaxy S3 recently and was worried about not having a physical keyboard, but with this app, my typing speed and accuracy are almost same as having a physical keyboard!
lenseven ratingfive No more frustration and bunch of typos.
lennine ratingfive Not much customizations but I'm OK with that.
lenthirtythree ratingfour I just wish they would come out with a lot more themes or give option to install custom made themes by other people PLEASE MAKE NEW THEMES OR LER US CUSTOMIZE OUR OWN
lensix ratingfour The best,no s-pen detection?
leneleven ratingone Swipe much better your insane if you don't think so.
lentwelve ratingfour Needs a quick text option and the ability to edit the smileys.
lennine ratingfour I type faster with this keyboard than any other.
lenten ratingfive Excellent app and a huge improvement over the stock keyboard.
lennine ratingfive Had a Windows Phone which has a Great keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive Switched to android and HATED the keyboard.
lensix ratingfive With this app, phone is Awesome!
leneighteen ratingfour SwiftKey is one of the first apps I make sure I install when flashing to a new ROM.
lentwentyeight ratingfour One thing I miss from a previous version is the ability to customize the amount of keyboard that needs to be swiped before the previous word gets deleted.
lentwentyseven ratingfour There are many times where what I've typed gets deleted because my fingers move fast enough to where the two touches are registered as a swipe.
lentwentyone ratingfour Having an option to back up settings to the external SD would be nice, as well as getting Vietnamese language support.
leneight ratingone It removed my emoticons and It predicts crap.
lenthree ratingfour Love the app.
lentwentysix ratingfour It is very smart and very handy to the fast texter, just hope then come up with more custom keyboards and maybe even a holiday one.
lenfive ratingfour Anyways thanks again great app.
lenten ratingfive Please also support Hinglish (Hindi+English) Many keyboards support that
lensixteen ratingtwo I got this keyboard for a korean english typing use but it really bugs out ez.
lennine ratingtwo It just minimizes randomly when i type too fast.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo Also i wish u couls get rid of certain keys and customize it because its way too diff for emoticon input (ie.
lennine ratingfive Really enjoying typing on my phone with this keyboard.
lenten ratingfive Just needs swype feature and it can't be beat.
lenthirteen ratingfive Need to add an option not to predict sentence opening upon hitting space.
lenseven ratingone Puts in a space after a period.
lenfourteen ratingone Even on web and email address' with no option to turn this feature off.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Nicht nur hat mir das Keyboard bereits 眉ber 200k Tastenanschl?ge gespart und 64k W?rter vorhergesagt, meine Produktivit?t hat sich auch um knappe 30 Prozent verbessert.
lentwentyone ratingfive Ein tolles Feature ist das 'Lernen von SMS' was bei mir sehr hilfreich war, da ich viele abge?nderte Worte verwende.
leneight ratingfive Super App zu einem mehr als fairen Preis!
lenthree ratingone Sent crash report
lenthree ratingfive Good job development.
lenthirteen ratingfive A little different but a great getting improvement over the stock Android keyboard.
lennine ratingfive It thinks my Samsung galaxy note is a tablet
lennineteen ratingfour I haven't had any issues with it but I would give 5 stars if it had a swype feature.
lentwentynine ratingfour its cool and all but Im kind of getting tired of the same themes. can yall put new themes plz? other than that it's a very good app.
lennine ratingone Auto correct doesn't work in any browser anymore.
lenseven ratingfour At times have glitches but good app
lensixteen ratingfour This is a good app but sometimes it doesn't fix my words when I space.
lenseven ratingfive Having a personal dictionary would be great.
lenfive ratingfive Other then that awesome keyboard.
lensix ratingfive I like the numbers pad, convenient.
lentwelve ratingfour Doesn't work as awesome for me as the free trial did.
lenfive ratingfour Sometimes inaccurate with key presses.
lensix ratingfour Hit the space bar too much.
lenfive ratingfour Needs more space bar options.
lensix ratingone I LOVE everything about this keyboard.
lenseven ratingone Except the fact it drains my battery.
lensix ratingone 84% of battery drain is this app.
leneight ratingone It took me a little time to realize.
lenseven ratingone Id love to continue to use it.
lenthirteen ratingone I just dont want to be plugged in 24/7 in order to use it.
lentwo ratingfour Great app.
lenseven ratingfour Much better then the Samsung Galaxy S3 Keyboard.
lenthree ratingfour Worth the money!
lenfifteen ratingfive Open up more customizable features, like smiley edit/gesture edit & please add Chinese language support!
lentwentythree ratingfive Simply the best, the app's engine is simply amazing, can't wait for the nect update with the included new Flow feature :)
lenthirty ratingfour This is definitely a must get for Android as the original keyboard is really lousy compared to I phone but would rate five stars if emoji and Chinese is in
lentwo ratingfive Genialna klawiatura.
lenfourteen ratingfive Dla mnie okaza?a si? du?o wygodniejsza i szybsza w dzia?aniu ni?
lennine ratingfive This is a major improvement on the base keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Absolute perfect.
lenfive ratingfive Better than SlideIT/Swype keyboards.
lensix ratingfive Better if Chinese input is supported.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour Minus one star just cause it crashes down a bit and acts weird at times other than that best keyboard replacement app on the market but its okay cause it is so good most of the times!.
lensix ratingfive Thanks for the Malay language pack :-)
leneleven ratingone Most software that I have on my phone gets updated regularly.
lenseven ratingone The one that I actually paid for.
leneight ratingone The learning function is not good enough yet.
lentwelve ratingone It still doesn't give words suggestions in my phones native browser.
lenthirteen ratingfour I love this app, but I think it's eating up my battery.
lenseven ratingfour Nice functional keyboard, good predictive word power.
lenseven ratingfive Better from the stock, and great predictions.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo i am looking forward that Swiftkey can develop the Simplified Cangjie Input Method quickly =] if it has Simplified Cangjie Input Method, i will give swiftkey 5 stars, make an all-out effort.
lentwo ratingfive Fantastic keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive Really is worth the cost.
lensixteen ratingfive Makes you wonder why the default and Swype keyboards don't 'think' like this one does.
leneleven ratingone The installation is stuck at trying to download the language packs.
lenfifteen ratingone Tried all fixes including reinstalling the app, clearing cache and data and rebooting the phone.
lennine ratingthree The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous.
lenseven ratingthree Allow the option to turn it off.
lentwentytwo ratingthree This is one of the highest (3rd) rated suggestions on your feedback/feature requests website and has been for well over a year.
lennine ratingthree Instead you seem more interested in creating more themes.
lenthirteen ratingthree When this gets implemented, I'd be more then happy to give 5 stars.
lennine ratingfour This keyboard is good and thnx for making it.
leneleven ratingfour The one I didn't like is the vibration when typing.
lenfive ratingfour I dont make anymore mistakes!
lenfour ratingfour Just needs more themes!
lentwo ratingfour Chinese language?
lenten ratingfour If not, add a key that allows changing of keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfour It's a big hassle to change keyboard and key my Chinese character.
lennine ratingfour But the other keyboards allow swift change to SwiftKey.
lensix ratingthree This is a decent keyboard app.
lenten ratingthree The predicted words database can be pretty impressive at times.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree I would absolutely love it if you guys could make an update that would allow the user to be able to type in a SWYPE style format instead of having to punch letter after letter.
lensix ratingthree This would seriously speed up typing.
lensixteen ratingthree If you could provide this update, I will be more than happy to reevaluate my rating.
lentwelve ratingfive This is the best, most accurate, keyboard I have used on Android!
lennine ratingfive The best and most used app on my Galaxy S3.
lenten ratingfive Very smart predictive text that quickly learns how you talk.
lentwentyone ratingfive Definitely recommend trying the 1 month trial, you won't be able to go back to the stock keyboard after the trial.
lenfortyone ratingfour Bought this for my s3 and it's brilliant, using it for my nexus7 now, thought I'd try the tab version after seeing they had a sale on, just missed it:-(  now thinking about it, for 3 quid, you should be getting both.
lenten ratingfour Won't be paying full rate for the tab version.
lennineteen ratingfour Although a good product, not sure it warrants 6 pounds to have it on phone and tab, Hence the 4 stars.
lensix ratingfive It's great I love it.
lenten ratingfour Can you add the NIS symbol to the Hebrew keyboard?!?!
lenten ratingfour I have a lot of colleagues who requested the same.
lentwentytwo ratingfive One of the first apps i download when I get a new phone and has been my default keyboard for ages now!
lenten ratingfive This is the best keyboard and only keeps getting better!
lenthirtysix ratingtwo Everything was great , after updating to jellybean stock rom on tmobile I can no longer keep set as my default keyboard , have to set it every time I turn my phone on , getting annoying , please fix
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard app in the market.
lennineteen ratingthree The best keyboard but a little glitch when texts come in the keyboard messes up really bad and freezes.
lenfifteen ratingthree It needs a button to lower the keyboard instead of having a back space everytime.
lenfive ratingthree The keyboard crashes my phone!
lentwenty ratingfour This keyboard is really good with the exception of not being able to disable the pop-up on key press.
lensixteen ratingfour Only other thing I would like to see is the ability to colorize the keyboards myself.
lentwelve ratingfour Smart space works really well and the auto correct works really well.
lennine ratingfive So much better than the built in ICS keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive I wish Google would buy this company.
lenthirteen ratingfive You really dont know what you are missing if you dont try it.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Over the last 3 years i've tried many phones but Swift keyboard just works like charm. better than all the stock keyboards.
lennineteen ratingfive Trust me give it a try and you wont allow yourself to get back to the old stock keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingfive And finally I cant explain how accurate the word predictions are as in you and your phone share some sort of telepathy powers.
lenfive ratingfive Beggars belief try it now.
lenthree ratingfour Needs swipe feature
lenfour ratingone More themes plz update
lenseventeen ratingfive Been using this for years now, still, nothing comes close, but, it slipped a little in predictions.
lenfourteen ratingfive I still maintain, If you're using the stock keyboard you're wasting time.
lentwenty ratingone The keyboard doesn't learn anymore. the beauty of swiftkey was it's ability to learn your methods and style.
leneight ratingone It doesn't do that with this update.
lensix ratingfive Always remembers everything i wrote before
lenthirty ratingfive I was a keypad guy before i bought a android phone, i was so frustrated by the touch keypad.but after i installed swiftkey.its like a magic.Superb App.
lenfourteen ratingfour This keyboard has the best prediction out of the other ones I've tried.
lenfour ratingfour Super easy and quick.
lenseventeen ratingfour The only things that would make it better would be more customization options, and add Swype capability.
lenfourteen ratingone After new update predictions not display good.there is some problem.Please fix it
leneight ratingfive It's fast, smart, and easy to use.
lentwentyone ratingfive Swipe left to delete words, down to minimize keyboard, and up to CAP. and i love the phone style number pad.
lentwelve ratingfive I'm a fast typer and this app always corrects my words!
leneighteen ratingfive Even if you're a precise texter the app has an option for that, and many other options.
lentwo ratingfive Worth buying!
lennineteen ratingfive Maybe you could make it even better if you could scroll down or across more than just three predictions?
lenthree ratingfive Like five or 10.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo Everything was great , after updating to jellybean stock rom on tmobile I can no longer keep set as my default keyboard , have to set it every time I turn my phone on , getting annoying , please fix
lenthirteen ratingfive You really dont know what you are missing if you dont try it.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Over the last 3 years i've tried many phones but Swift keyboard just works like charm. better than all the stock keyboards.
lennineteen ratingfive Trust me give it a try and you wont allow yourself to get back to the old stock keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingfive And finally I cant explain how accurate the word predictions are as in you and your phone share some sort of telepathy powers.
lenfive ratingfive Beggars belief try it now.
lensix ratingfive And now just waiting for flow.
lenfour ratingfive What a great day.
lenfive ratingfive To find such wonderful product.
lennine ratingfive When I installed the free version of the program.
leneight ratingfive I immediately bought the complete version of it.
lenthirteen ratingfive It works so fast, easy and good that I will not change it.
lenseventeen ratingfive In fact I recommend it to all who want to save time and energy to buy it.
lennineteen ratingfive Hope this will help many people like me who are wondering what to buy to help themselves in writing.
lenfour ratingfive May God bless you!
lentwentythree ratingfive I have bought very few apps, and am very stingy when buying one, but after using the trial version im pretty much sold!
lennineteen ratingfive If you're dyslexic or just have fat thumbs (both of which I have), this is great for texting!
lenthree ratingfive Def worth 4 dollars!
lenfifteen ratingtwo Great, but u should let people know there is no emoji BEFORE they BUY IT!
lennineteen ratingfive Excelent software and it's a powerful and very smart and we are waiting new features  Thanks a lot
leneleven ratingfive This keyboard seems to have the best prediction and auto correct.
lentwelve ratingfive I've used it on my evo 4G and now on my galaxy s3.
lensixteen ratingfive The performance wasn't as good on my evo, but it still got the job done.
lennine ratingfive The keys just didn't pop up as fast.
lentwentyseven ratingfive There are many different keyboards you can get for your android, I've tried just about all of them but this one is by far the bast.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend!
lenthirty ratingfive Great keyboard, the word prediction is great, the haptic feedback is good, the only thing I wish this keyboard had is gestures typing like the new Jelly Bean keyboard has.
lentwo ratingfour Absolutely awesome.
leneleven ratingfour This keyboard changed my mind about typing on a touch-screen.
lenfortyseven ratingfour The only problem I have with this keyboard is that sometimes it will interpret my fast typing as a deletion swipe, which can be frustrating - but I can put up with it since my typing would take much longer without this keyboard even taking that into account.
lenfourteen ratingfour I love the support for multiple dictionaries at the same time, works very well.
lenseven ratingfive Couldn't find a better keyboard anywhere
lentwenty ratingthree It doesnt work with fb chat. which is the ideal situation to make use of fast typing and auto correct.
lenseven ratingthree Other than that its worth the money.
lenfortyfive ratingfive This is on another level than the keyboard that came with my galaxy s3, which was terrible - the only improvement that SwiftKey needs is the ability to paste into whatsapp - to do this right now i have to switch to the Samsung keyboard and hold the 123?
lenthree ratingfive Button to paste.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Aggiornando il sistema ad Android 4.2 la tastiera scompare da sola (e va reinstallata)
lenthree ratingfive Very nice appp.
lensix ratingfive Works like butter on my note.
lenthree ratingfive A definite download.
lenthirteen ratingthree The keyboard layout is not to my liking and cannot be changed much.
lentwelve ratingthree It also learns from emails I didn't write, just replied to!
lentwenty ratingthree If I just press space bar many times it writes a long sentence somebody else wrote me in an email.
lensix ratingtwo There is a ton if lag!
lennineteen ratingtwo I start to type and it doesn't register until seconds later and I've already written a paragraph.
lenfive ratingtwo Eats a ton of RAM.
lenfive ratingfour Good substitute for stock keyboard.
lenthree ratingfive Buy this app
lenfive ratingone Major issues with Chrome fields.
lenseven ratingone Jumps all over the place, erases characters.
lenthree ratingone Pretty much unusable.
lensix ratingfive Literally THE BEST keyboard for Android.
leneleven ratingfive I sell phones, and recommend this to all of my guests.
lenthree ratingfive Saved my life.
leneight ratingfive Does great with predicting the next textual input.
lenthirteen ratingfive It has a great look and awesome development and innovation with this keyboard.
lenfourteen ratingthree Personally I find I type less accurately with this keyboard than the stock one.
leneight ratingthree Also don't like the numbers/characters panel.
lenthirteen ratingthree The option to have a more classic looking one wouldn't go amiss.
lenfive ratingfive Not even the stock ones.
lenseven ratingfive But common in wanna see SwiftKey flow!
lensix ratingfive I would definitely recommend this product.
lentwentysix ratingfive It's hard to say all the things that this program does so I will just say try the trial version and you might get hooked.
leneight ratingone I've been using this app since June.
lensix ratingone I never seen a useful update.
lentwentyfive ratingone I posted a review telling that on Samsung Galaxy Note doesn't work very well, it keeps crashing and freezing my messaging app and whatsapp.
lentwelve ratingone Sometimes I have to wait MINETES till I can use it again.
leneleven ratingone Tryed to delete it and install it again,doesn't work.
lenten ratingone I paid almost 4 euro for this, can't be possible.
lenseven ratingone Can you make a useful update please?
leneleven ratingone Till that customers, if you have a SGN, DON'T INSTALL.
leneighteen ratingthree This is a great keyboard but I have found A.I. Type keyboard is faster smoother and cleaner.
lennine ratingthree This is still awesome but I've moved on.
lenseven ratingthree Just does not allow for fat fingers.
lenseven ratingthree Would love to move space bar right.
lenfive ratingfour Good app for my note 2    ,.
lennine ratingfive I really like how easy it is to use.
leneleven ratingfive I've been using this keyboard for over a year now.
lennine ratingfive It beats all of the others out hands down.
lenforty ratingthree I was not happy with the keyboard after coming from iPhone to Android until i tried Swiftkey, HOWEVER, i have found quite a few apps that refuse to show the predictive text.like the built in browser on my Galaxy S3.
lenseventeen ratingthree Not sure if it's a setting, but if it is i haven't found it yet.
lentwentytwo ratingthree It does show up in Chrome at least, but there are some other apps as well that do not seem to work.
lentwentytwo ratingthree I will like to see a swipe input (think it's coming) but i'm not 100% sold thats faster for me anyway.
lenthirteen ratingthree (add firefox, dolphin to the list of non working browsers with predictive text).
lennine ratingthree No reply from the company to address any issues.
lentwentysix ratingthree Half of the time it's great, but also the other half of the time I feel like throwing my very expensive phone at a wall.
lenfifteen ratingthree It seems as though it has become worse the longer I have been using it.
lensixteen ratingfive This is literally the only app I've rated after owning android phones for four years.
lenseven ratingfive Thanks for finally adding my particular dialect!
leneleven ratingfive I previously had to make do with the Queen's English.
lenthirteen ratingthree When ever I enter my email address the auto space messes shot up.
leneighteen ratingthree Lack of hand writing support for the Note 2 is a shame, will inable again when this is supported.
lentwenty ratingfive I love the galaxy s3, but I hate the Samsung g keyboard and how it will not auto correct for you.
lennine ratingfive All my problems have been solved with the SwiftKey.
lenthirteen ratingfive It fits in so well with the phone, and works like a charm.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive I love this app, but i would love it even more if you could turn off those silly android emoticons and if the numbers on the numbers page were at the top in a row.
leneight ratingfive Getting praise from me is hard only the.
lennine ratingfive Second time I've ever done a public comment.
leneight ratingfive But this keyboard is so accurate and word.
lenfive ratingfive Prediction os freaky scary accurate.
lenseven ratingfour Would like standard/more keyboard sound(s)
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard ever created!
lenfourteen ratingfive Highly recommend to anyone who wants to make typing on their phones easy & fast.
leneight ratingfour Love this keyboard, Provides accurate and efficient typing.
lenfive ratingfour The predictions are quite impressive.
lensix ratingfour More customisable themes would be excellent.
leneleven ratingfour A nice dark black theme, or deep purple would be nice.
lenten ratingfour The ability to customize your colours would be sweet too.
leneight ratingfour Other than that the keyboard is very sweet.
lenfourteen ratingfive Its a great app but recently just realized that it does drain my battery
lennine ratingone Prediction bar disappears when turning screen on and off.
lenfour ratingone This issue is 100% reproducible.
lensix ratingone Will update review rating once fixed.
leneight ratingone I purchased this app a long time ago.
lenfourteen ratingone Typing was really fast, predictions were good, way better than the stock keyboard(s).
lentwelve ratingone But since ICS and also with Jelly Bean typing is near impossible.
lenfive ratingone The whole application just halts.
leneight ratingone Keypresses are piled up and released at once.
lensixteen ratingone This leads to "long presses" and i get all kind of funky chars in my texts.
lenfourteen ratingone It's no issue with my ROMs as i've tried like 10 different versions.
lentwelve ratingone RAM and CPU are good, nothing else is running, no improvements possible.
leneight ratingone Just have a look at the bug section.
lenthree ratingone Search for "lag".
lenfifteen ratingthree The best predictions of any keyboard I've ever used but very lacking in customization.
lennine ratingthree Take a page from Perfect Keyboard and fix that.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree Like the character popup, it annoys me personally and runs slow on my phone anyway, so I'd actually like to turn it off because I make MORE mistakes with it on.
leneight ratingthree And the number /symbols pad drives me nuts.
lennine ratingthree Offering more alternate layouts for that would be nice.
lenseventeen ratingthree Also a set of arrows to pad through our characters would be nice because finger insertion sucks.
leneight ratingfive This is the best keyboard I've used.
leneleven ratingfive The predictive text is great and becomes more and more intuitive.
lenfifteen ratingfive You can turn on learning from Facebook status updates, Twitter updates, and SMS message writing.
lenfive ratingfive And the spacebar is wider!
lennine ratingfive No longer am I placing periods after every word!
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend.
leneleven ratingfive I have definitely been typing faster since I switched to swiftkey.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive The predictions are really good, and even though it takes a bit of a learning curve to use, there is no way you will want to go back once you get used to it.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
leneleven ratingfive Best keyboard on the market, looking forward to getting Swiftkey Flow!
leneight ratingtwo I want to like this, really I do.
lenfortysix ratingtwo But between it shoving words after commas without me noticing, overly aggressive spell check and if I let it type out a sentance by just hitting space bar a lot it types out my cover letter for a job I applied for over a year ago.
lenthirty ratingtwo Since I've purchased this a year ago I've given it a try 3 times and have always had to stop after a couple of weeks just out of frustration.
lentwelve ratingthree This keyboard has the best prediction of any that I've tried.
lenten ratingthree Unfortunately, it is laggy to appear and respond to input.
lenfifteen ratingthree It also has poor app compatibility: It basically doesn't work in Firefox or Sygic.
lentwentytwo ratingthree If they could slim it down, make it snappier and improve it's compatibility it would be the best Android keyboard available.
leneight ratingthree Right now it's alternately awesome and infuriating.
leneightytwo ratingfive I had this app for a year now I go it in 2011 for .10 cents I bought it only because it was ten cents and I never ever used it till I got a new phone and figured I'd try it out I really wish I would of used it than because this keyboard blows away the stock one and Swypes keyboard (I do like Swype also almost just as much) but this is one keyboard I can not be without now!
lentwelve ratingfive I was hooked in this after the first few words I type!
lentwentyone ratingfour If it changes my word and I hit the backspace key it should automatically keep the word I typed Please fix!
leneleven ratingfive This keyboard learns words and your habits at an amazing rate.
lenthirteen ratingfive Predictions are far better than the standard ones that come on Android phones.
lenfourteen ratingfive The only app I've ever paid for and it was well worth it.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour This is a really nice keyboard and has allowed me to increase my speed a lot due to its great error corrections, but it is lacking in that it doesn't allow you to swipe.
lensixteen ratingfour If you could swipe to type too, I could increase my one handed typing speed significantly.
lensix ratingfive I'd be lost without SwiftKey.
lenseven ratingfour Everything about the app is pretty good.
lennine ratingfour There are just 3 things I would want for improvement.
lenseventeen ratingfour I wish the app showed you a personal dictionary of the words it "learns" that you use.
lenfour ratingfour Somehow incorporate swype (t9 trace).
lennineteen ratingfour Move the 10 key number pad to the middle instead of all the way to the left of the keyboard.
lenseven ratingfour Other than that, this app is fantastic.
lenseven ratingtwo too slow, I'll stick to anysoftkeyboard
lenthirteen ratingfive This should be the official Android app, best Keyboard ever - worth the price!
lenten ratingone Gave it a fair chance but just not for me.
lenseven ratingfive The most efficient typing application out there.
lensix ratingfive Love the predictions and auto-corrections.
lenfive ratingfive Typing is a breeze now.
lenfour ratingfive Totally worth the price.
lensix ratingfive Hope it supports Chinese input soon.
leneleven ratingfive This keyboard is east to use and makes typing very fast
lenfive ratingfive I love using this keyboard!
lentwenty ratingone I just purchase this and it wont install that really sucks .do something or give me my money back seriously
lennine ratingfour Accurate text predictions, best I've used so far.
lensix ratingfour Too few themes, most are ugly.
lenfour ratingfour Please add more themes.
lennine ratingfour Accurate text predictions, best I've used so far.
lensix ratingfour Too few themes, most are ugly.
lenfour ratingfour Please add more themes.
lenfourteen ratingfive This is literally the best keyboard I have ever used it is freakishly accurate.
lentwenty ratingfive I wish I had known about this sooner it would have saved a lot of time editing all my emails.
lennineteen ratingfive I think it's a must have if you text or type a lot of emails on your phone.
lenfour ratingfive I loved this keyboard!
lenfifteen ratingfive I can type without putting space between the words, and it does all the work.
lentwelve ratingfive In addition, I can have another language running at the same time.
leneleven ratingfive Also, themes are really cool, the typos correction is just amazing.
lenfive ratingfive BACK WITHOUT HOLDING ANY KEY.
lenfour ratingfive This app is great.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive The stock keyboard doesn't come close compared to this, I like the way it learns as you type making texting quicker because the words are there just to be pressed rather than typed.
lensix ratingfour signed up for the beta. nothing
lentwo ratingfive Nice app.
lenfortyone ratingthree Great app, esp has I'm dyslexic it helped me greatly, that I bought the app from the trial, it worked fine for a few days, Just it became buggy, Not sure what happened lost the pre-text and other features.
lenthirtythree ratingthree It started to become unresponsive until it begun to type with errors etc.  I've tried to download again,It says its Installed, but it don't seem to be reaching my phone.
lentwentyfive ratingthree Like I've said I've looked all in my phone through all my apps everywhere but it appears to have gone from my phone.
lensixteen ratingthree Could you resend it or mail or contact me on how to get it working again?
lenseventeen ratingfive But the Android 4.2 keyboard does it all on both tablet and phone with swipe feature built in.
leneight ratingfive I used to switch between swype and swiftkey.
lenfourteen ratingfive And you have to buy a tablet version of swift separate from the phone.
leneight ratingfive Now I use ONE keyboard on both devices.
lenthirteen ratingfive Need for themes!Such as iphone theme and Windows Phone theme!more themes
lensixteen ratingfour Been using this keyboard for quite some time on both Samsung galaxy S and galaxy note 2.
lenthree ratingfour Great learning capabilities.
lenthree ratingfour Great auto correct.
lensix ratingfive I swear by Swiftkey since beta.
lenfifteen ratingfive I've tried a number of others, but always seem to come back to SwiftKey.
lenfive ratingfive It's prediction is amazing.
lentwentynine ratingfive The keyboard and the various themes make it quite comfortable to type, either in portrait or landscape, also learning your typing style the more you use it works well.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended!
lenten ratingfive (I wrote this review, because I do really love SwiftKey.
lentwo ratingfive Great App
lentwelve ratingfive El que trae el galaxy S3 no es muy bueno, este se paso.
lenfourteen ratingfive Mejor que todo lo que he usado antes, mejor que BB y que iOS.
lenseven ratingfive My go to keyboard app on Android.
lenfive ratingfive S3 keyboard was driving me bananas.
leneight ratingfive Do yourself a favor and get this app.
leneleven ratingfive I love this keyboard because it predicts the words very helpful.
leneight ratingfive Thank you guys keep up the good work!
lenfive ratingfive Love the new themes too!
lenseven ratingfive Hopefully more themes are on their way!
lentwentyone ratingfive I had it for a really long time from the Amazon market but i bought it here because it updates faster!
leneighteen ratingfive Since I update my T-mobile Samsung Galaxy S3 to Jelly Bean 4.1.1 it keeps going back to stock keyboard!
lensix ratingfive Saves me time and is accurate.
lenfifteen ratingfour Only problem is I find the shift key is to close to the "A" key.
lentwelve ratingfour I have fat fingers and I always press shift rather than "A."
lenten ratingfour Otherwise it's one of the best keywords out there.
lenfourteen ratingone After the update to android 4.0.2 swift key was gone, status purchased but not installed!?
leneighteen ratingfive I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet. best keyboard ever. been using it it began.
lentwenty ratingfive I'm using the trial keyboard, but can't miss the sale off :), buy it and waiting for Vietnamese language.
lenfifteen ratingfive Based on my experiences, SwiftKey is the best Android keyboard that I have ever tried.
lentwentythree ratingfive It has a great layout and it has the most intelligent word prediction It can handle up to 3 languages at the same time.
lenten ratingfour Still not perfect but the best out there by miles.
lensixteen ratingfive An excellent keyboard, I bought this while it was on offer and have never looked back!
leneighteen ratingfive I never saw the importance of having a different keyboard until I used this for the first time!
leneleven ratingfive I would pay double for this now as it is invaluable!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive When the new jelly bean update came out I ditched thisand tried out Google's attempt but now I've re installed what I think is this best and most accurate keyboard out there
lensixteen ratingfour Just need to be able to drop the keyboard once your finished otherwise really good app
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard
lenfive ratingfive This is an amazing app.
lennineteen ratingfive The predictions are great and it correct everything even if what you typed is way off the actual word.
lentwenty ratingfive The skins look great and the app learns everything about how you type and the words you input the most.
lenten ratingfive Overall this is the best keyboard app on the market.
lenfour ratingfive Absolutely worth the price.
leneleven ratingtwo I upgraded my HTC sensation 4G on t mobile & now SwiftKey sucks.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Gets stuck on entries, hold up, delay while typing, doesn't correctly read my tapping.
lenseven ratingfour I just wish there were more themes.
lensix ratingfive I love the neon blue layout!
lentwenty ratingfour The keyboard is ridiculously smart and useful, but the lack of a variety of skins makes it dull after awhile.
leneighteen ratingfour I even switch to my stock keyboard once in awhile just to get a different skin while typing.
lenten ratingfive This is the best keyboard for your phone out there.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Pros:  -Predictions are very accurate  -The more you use it the more.    accurate it gets -has some nice looking themes  Cons: -not much to say, except it lacks support for Mandarin language.
lenthirteen ratingfive But please I would like to disable the pop up letters when typing.
lenfive ratingfive Like before in some themes.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo I am constantly getting a pop up from swift key telling me to select input method even though it's already selected.
lenfour ratingtwo Would be 5 stars otherwise.
lenthirtysix ratingfive In less than a month, my brand new touchscreen-only phone (Samsung galaxy s3) was beginning to turn me into a non-texter with all the constant typos and incorrect word predictions from the built in keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfive So sad :( It was easier just not to send the msg at all.
lenfourteen ratingfive (The physical keyboard on my old crappy phone was hard to let go of).
lentwelve ratingfive One day with SwiftKey and I'm texting at lightning speed again!
lenseventeen ratingfive Using both thumbs etc. 5-stars bc I know they're coming out w a "swype" function soon.
lenten ratingfive This is one of the must have apps on Android.
lennine ratingfive It makes typing on a touch screen much faster.
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard is simply amazing!
lenseven ratingfive Best purchase I've made so far!
lenthirteen ratingfive This is the only keyboard app anyone will require in an android device!
lenthirteen ratingfive The predictions are awesome and it even picks up personal quirks in writing!
lenfive ratingfour having stability issues after 4.2 update.
leneight ratingfive Have been using this daily with no problems.
lenseven ratingfive Best Value app I have ever bought.
lenten ratingfive A lot better than built in keyboard and more accurate.
lenforty ratingfour Apart from a couple of glitches in certain apps where the prediction bar disappears if the screen times out while the keyboard is up, which can be fixed by minimizing the keyboard and opening it back up, it's brilliant.
leneleven ratingfour I'm looking forward to the next major update with Flow.
lenfourteen ratingfour It'll be the best of both worlds; Swype like input with SwiftKey predictions.
leneight ratingfive I stuck with the Samsung keyboard for 6 months.
lennine ratingfive Hated it but I thought what could be better?
lenfourteen ratingfive Loaded the trial on my Samsung Note and bought the full app within 15 minutes.
lenfour ratingfive SwiftKey is absolutely brilliant.
lenthirteen ratingfive This is so much better than the stock keyboard, better than Go Keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive The predictions are a huge time-saver.
leneleven ratingfive I rarely pay for apps, but I just bought this one.
leneight ratingfour On occasion tends to be a bit slow.
lenfour ratingfive This App is great.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the purchase!
lenonehundredfour ratingthree everyone said this app was awesome. that the keyboard would blow me out of the water and make my babies smell like roses or something. it does not. swiftkey is just another keyboard. there's nothing really that great about it. in fact, the lack of the groovy swype feature that comes stock with the galaxy s3 makes it kind of lame in comparison. i bought it because it was on sale and i figured i'd try it out. i wasted a dollar. i don't know what all the hype is about, but i went back to the stock keyboard within an hour.
lentwentyeight ratingthree EDIT: after using it a bit more, it's starting to grow on me. once it has the swipe type feature, it will probably become a 4 start product.
lentwentythree ratingfour Really good keyboard except the . com button which makes the space bar too small and ends up with messed up searches in chrome.
lenten ratingfour Give us an option to get rid of it please.
lennine ratingfour Who types a full on address these days anyway?
lennine ratingfour Google normally guesses it before you have written it.
leneight ratingfive A must have app for your Android device.
lennineteen ratingfour I used this when I had an HTC phone but with a Nexus, the stock keyboard still reigns supreme.
lentwelve ratingfour One thing I did like about it though was the nice skins.
lenthree ratingfour Very clean look.
leneleven ratingfive Very good corrections and suggestions and very clever, well worth getting
lenfour ratingfour Increased efficiency in typing.
lensixteen ratingfive Works awesome, can't go back to iOS or Samsung keyboard ever again after using SwiftKey.
lensix ratingfive It learns from how you type.
lenseven ratingfive Less typing makes me feel more productive.
lentwenty ratingfive It does a good job of predicting the next word which means I don't have to type as much.
lentwentyseven ratingthree Some short words that I add into the dictionary such as "de" or "le" will always automatically become "De" and "Le" which is not what I want.
lenfifteen ratingthree I have to keep converting back to small case manually, which decreased my typing speed.
lenten ratingtwo After last update I noticed my phone begin to lag.
leneleven ratingtwo Lo and behold SwiftKey was using 34MB of RAM in the background!
lentwentytwo ratingfive I've had this for a long time because I didn't like the keyboard my phone had and it's awesome
lennine ratingfour For those of you asking about the personal dictionary.
lensix ratingfour It is built into the app.
lenfourteen ratingfour You can delete new word entries by long pressing over the word in question.
leneight ratingfour New words are added as you enter them.
lenfourteen ratingfour I don't believe that you delete any words in the pre-installed dictionary.
lennine ratingfive This is the only app I've ever purchased.
leneight ratingone I had no issues with the free version.
leneighteen ratingone But as soon I updated to the pro version, after every reset keyboard goes back to default keyboard.
lenfour ratingone Need a fix Asap.
lenthirteen ratingfive Previously i used to reserve works that require excessive typing to my laptop.
lenfifteen ratingfive But now I prefer my mob and the only reason for it is this app.
lenfour ratingfive Waiting for swiftkey flow!
lensix ratingfive I loath touch screen typing usually.
lenthirteen ratingfive But this thing is the best keyboard on Android for English at least.
lennine ratingfive I wish their were more customizable options for keys.
leneight ratingfive I use the question mark much more often.
leneight ratingfive I want it to have a dedicated key.
lenthirteen ratingthree Keyboard locks freezes and/or locks phone up when using Firefox or Chrome.
leneight ratingfive Certainly did a good job in the keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive My previous keyboard was so lag and kept skipping the backspace.
lenseven ratingfive Now with swift key, everything is good.
lenfive ratingfive I hated the galaxy s3 keyboard!
lennine ratingfive This is the only app ive ever bought.ever
lennine ratingfive One of the apps I can't live without
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard!
lensix ratingfive Great keyboard, much better than stock.
lenfour ratingfive I lovs this keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive I read the review and watched the video and now I'm loving the keyboard.
lensix ratingfive I don't regret buying this.
leneleven ratingone I purchased the full version w/o trying the free one.
lennine ratingfive Best android keyboard, plus will write gibberish for you.
lenseventeen ratingfive Thanks again for the next few days ago by the end of this message to your basket.
lenfive ratingfive The word prediction is crazy.
lenfive ratingfive The whole keyboard works great.
leneight ratingfive I can't wait for the swipe ability.
lenfive ratingfive bought this on my phone.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I use this version on my tablet too because it is much better than SwiftKey tablet app, which annoys me as I bought the other app too.
leneight ratingfour The beta edition for Thai has been expired.
leneight ratingfour Could you add it to any Thai peoples?
lenseven ratingfive I can't type without this keyboard.!
leneighteen ratingfive But most of the time the punctuation key types a period and I then the one I want.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Also if the smile and erase button were switched I wouldn't accidentally type smiles when you I'm trying to erase.
lentwelve ratingfour This app is probably the most important one you will ever download.
lenfifteen ratingfour I am using it to type right now and it is basically reading my mind.
lennine ratingfour This is the reason I stopped considering the iphone.
leneight ratingfour I have shown so many people this keyboard.
lentwentysix ratingfour Update: I just got the LG Optimus G and the cursor seems to be jumping to the top of the field in the middle of sentences.
lentwo ratingfive Amazing app!
leneleven ratingfive Worth every cent. I will never use the stock keyboard again.
lenfive ratingfive The rapid typing is impressive.
lenfour ratingfive Bring on more themes.
lentwentytwo ratingfour Pro: extremely easy usability, nice layout, quick auto-correct and word prediction Con: The app automatically add a space after the comma.
lennineteen ratingfour Not a big deal but I press the space bar every time and it auto add the 'and' word.
lensix ratingthree I quite like SwiftKey's predictions.
lentwentytwo ratingthree The few niggles I would like to overcome is I quite regularly get '.' when I haven't wanted to end the sentence.
leneighteen ratingthree The 2nd part that is particularly irritating is that sometimes at the lock screen, I cannot input my password.
leneleven ratingthree Still it is enough to promote me to try another keyboard.
leneight ratingfour Love this keyboard, just a couple of things.
lensixteen ratingfour Google Now on Jellybean typing is very very slow and sluggish, works fine with stock keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingfour Sometimes, seemingly random, the auto-correct / predictions bar disappears but the rest of the keyboard still works.
lentwenty ratingfour This is annoying, to fix just press back to close the keyboard, then select typing box to bring back up.
lennine ratingfour This always fixes, very weird, not too bad though.
lensix ratingfour Cant wait for Swift key Flow!
lentwenty ratingfive This keyboard surpasses all others I've used, it knows what I'm saying and it learns from your typing!
leneight ratingfive It's fast, customisable and above all clever!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Got it in the sale so even happier but I'd have easily paid the full price, get the trial if you're sitting on the fence & it'll definitely sway you!
lennineteen ratingone I used this keyboard for over a year and recently it has gotten very glitchy and I am uninstalling
lentwelve ratingone hangs most of the time after update, i really hate it now.
lensixteen ratingtwo GalaxyS3 It just doesn't work in any application or any browser for that matter  especially twitter.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard I've ever used.
lenseven ratingfive The only keyboard that works as promised
leneightyeight ratingfour amazing keyboard word prediction is absolutely amazing will deff improve anyone's typing one of its few but major down falls is the customization I'm coming from thumb keyboard where you can do anything. there's no where's near enough themes or even open ended options to make the keyboard look alittle appealing a needs tokeyboard is 90 percent accurate with 10 percent aesthetics I use my keyboard all the time I shouldn't hate what I'm looking at everytime other than that down right amazing keyboard
lentwo ratingone DROID RAZR.
lentwenty ratingone Constant problems typing, inserts random letters, pre-selects words I don't want, even sends texts before I'm finished.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree Bought for phone look not a problem but why should I pay for tablet version just let us buyers have it inc for free after all not allthe other apps charge for installing in a second larger device
lentwo ratingfive Excellent application.
lenthirteen ratingfour Not a bad keyboard, just wish it would not auto change words sometimes.
lennine ratingfour I typed refer and it chose reference for example.
lennineteen ratingfive Could you add a new theme "RED NEON" just like the blue neon (which is great by the way).
leneight ratingfive Other than that it's an awesome keyboard!
lenthirty ratingthree On several occasions now I've had an alert that says there are no keyboards loaded, but when I click the alert and click Languages the keyboard is already selected.
leneighteen ratingthree Update: if I have no connection when the error occurs I can't use the keyboard at all!
lenten ratingfive I have been using the application for a week now.
lenseven ratingfive It's way better than stock application.
leneleven ratingfour My girlfriend is taiwanese and she uses my phone a lot.
lenfive ratingfour Can you add traditional Chinese?
lenseventeen ratingfive I can really type fast with this app without making any mistakes due to the auto correction.
lenfive ratingfive It works like a charm.
lenseventeen ratingfive I used to create a lot of typo but somehow it knows what I intend to type.
lenseven ratingfive You will be amused by its accuracy.
lenthree ratingfive Thanks its awesome.
lenfive ratingthree Intelligent but not intelligent enough.
lentwentyeight ratingthree Being a person with a good vocabulary, I still find myself back spacing every few words because this keyboard is far too casual in its suggestions and predictions.
lentwentyone ratingthree It may be good for some but not if you're looking for professional eloquence-even in your every day typing.
lenten ratingthree I would pay one dollar for this app-not four.
lenfifteen ratingthree It's a shame that the app refund period lasts for so short a time.
lensix ratingthree This keyboard is great so far.
lenfifteen ratingthree But can you include the use of mandrin Han Yu Pin Yin text predictions please??
lenfour ratingtwo It jumps around spontaneously.
lenfourteen ratingtwo I am typing and I'm in a totally different sentence for no reason.
lensix ratingtwo OkCupid messages do not support predictions.
lenseven ratingtwo Very annoying especially when trying to flirt.
lenthree ratingtwo Otherwise great app.
lenthree ratingfive Odli?na tipkovnica
lenfive ratingfive Perfect, add more keyboard themes.
lentwenty ratingfour The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it'll occasionally go away while I'm typing.
leneleven ratingfour It might accidentally read downward swipes when I'm typing fast.
leneighteen ratingfour An option to disabled certain gestures (I love the left swipe to delete entire words) would be great.
leneighteen ratingfive I left swiftkey for touch pal, and but found swift key more accurate, but so I am back.
lentwelve ratingfive I sell mobile phones for a living, I only recommend this one.
lensix ratingfive Those that try it, buy it!
lentwelve ratingfour predictions not working in browser, wish letter boxes were wider like iphone.
lensix ratingfour Does save a lot of strokes.
lenfive ratingfive Best Keyboard on the Market
lenfortytwo ratingfive This keyboard app is very awesome because the keyboards my phone came with just sucked and made me mess up a lot, but this one, it's predicated many words I was gonna say and also has a REALLY good auto correct.
lensixteen ratingfive The layout and software is just so awesome and im using it to type right now.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I'm not going to lie, this is hands down insanely accurate and we'll worth the 2$, I would've paid double the amount.
lenthree ratingfive Excellent keyboard app!
leneight ratingfive Do I need to purchase SwiftKey flow again?
leneleven ratingfour Great product but doesn't support swedish usb or bt keyboard.
leneleven ratingfour This is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars.
lensixteen ratingthree This app is sweet but no custom dictionary makes me wish I hadn't bought it.
leneleven ratingthree I like it's ability to predict what I'm writing.
lentwelve ratingthree I don't like the way that it handles using different languages.
leneighteen ratingthree I wish there was a way to toggle between languages instead of having them integrated into one keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive I love this keyboard.
leneight ratingfive This gives the best suggestions based on history.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive I love this keyboard, easily the best app you could give to your phone, but the only thing that is missing from this keyboard is the ability to go between typing and swype typing.
lenfourteen ratingfive If this was somehow integrated into this keyboard I would be a happy customer.
lenfour ratingfive Keep the updates coming!
lenfour ratingfour Good typing tool, but...
lensix ratingthree Hope to see an update soon.
leneleven ratingfour UPDATE : something strangely not preemptive, still better than anything out there.
lenseven ratingfive Great features that further improve typing efficiency.
leneight ratingfour Instead it only is active when I text.
lenfive ratingfour then it would be perfect!!!
lenthree ratingone A real bummer.
lenfour ratingfive Worth spending money on.
lenfive ratingfive Please do something about it.
lenfourteen ratingone and a few bugs not worth mentiining cause i could have over looked those.
lensixteen ratingfive I'm constantly correctly mistakes on the native android keyboard but this one is spot on.
lenfifteen ratingfive For the first time it feels like I can actually touch type on my phone.
lentwentyseven ratingfive There's also small key differences that make the difference such as being able to put question marks and exclamation marks without having to scroll through keyboards.
lenfourteen ratingfive It's that good that it should be standard on all android OS releases.
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the money!
lenfour ratingtwo Please sort it out.
lensix ratingfive Every android phone should have this!
lennine ratingfive It's just backwards the way it currently is.
lentwelve ratingthree Best keyboard I've tried so far - which wasn't many tbh.
lenthree ratingthree Galaxy S Gingerbread 2.3.4
lenseven ratingfive This keyboard is by far the best.
lensix ratingfive Far better than the native keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive It will fix every error....
lenthirteen ratingfive If you try this one you will never want to try another one!!
lenfour ratingfive Three languages at once!
lenthree ratingfive I love it!
lenten ratingfour I have this both on my tablet and my phone.
lensixteen ratingfour It's truly magic in how well it makes predictions and gets it right every time.
lenfourteen ratingfour Test was performed using a 500 character paragraph made up of 95% words and 5% numeric characters.
lennineteen ratingfour Keep in mind I've been an iOS user for 3 years, so naturally, I'm more comfortable using it.
leneight ratingfour I had been using SwiftKey for about 10 minutes.
lenfive ratingfive The title says it all.
lennine ratingfour I love this app and especially the predictive typing.
lenseven ratingfour There are 3 problems which should be fixed.
lenfive ratingfour Fix these and is 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive I really love this app.
leneleven ratingfive I like it a lot better than the stock Samsung keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive The prediction is wonderful.
lennine ratingfive It learns by how you type and remembers it.
lenfour ratingfive I love my keyboard!!
lensix ratingfive I will never regret buying this.
lentwo ratingfive MUST HAVE.
lentwentythree ratingfive Better than the jelly bean keyboard I can customise the colour which I love, the more it knows me the better it is
lentwentytwo ratingfive I was nervous about installing this on my Galaxy Nexus as I thought it might be a backstep from the stock keypad.
leneight ratingfive How wrong I was,  this is the best.
lenfive ratingfour I really like this app.
lensix ratingfour Good app for my note 2 biatch   ,..
lennine ratingfive When switching from a hard keyboard to on screen..
lensix ratingfive Auto correct can be a nightmare.
lenthree ratingfive Wort the buy
leneleven ratingfour Best keyboard o have ever used auto corrects like a boss
lensix ratingfive Well designed and easy to use
lenfive ratingtwo This app is quite impressive.
lenten ratingfive Try the free version and see if you like it.
lentwo ratingfive Just awesome..
lenseven ratingfive the best app in the play store
lenthree ratingone It's frustrating!
leneight ratingone Free trial was awesome but not the paid.
leneighteen ratingone But the worst part is i just paid for this about 30 minutes ago and it starts having issues...
leneight ratingone so i uninstall and goto get a refund.
lenthree ratingone Not even 30 minutes...
lenthree ratingfive Recomendo a todos.
lenfive ratingfive Best app downloaded so Far.
leneight ratingfive The predictions saved me a lot of time.
leneleven ratingfive This is the best app on the market place hands down.
leneleven ratingfive It really is sophisticated and deserves all the recognition it gets.
leneighteen ratingfive Removing saved words from the library is an extremely helpful feature that is probably over looked as well.
lentwelve ratingfive If you buy this app I guarantee you will not regret it.
lennineteen ratingfive Only thing left for it to do is literally read my mind and translate it into text for me.
lenthree ratingfive Really great app
lenfive ratingfive So much easier to type.
lenfour ratingfive Absolutely love this app
leneight ratingfive This should be a mandatory purchase for all.
lenfive ratingfive outstanding intelligence for predictive texting.
lensix ratingfour only for swiftkey to break it.
lenthree ratingfour a shame, really.
lentwentyone ratingfour since it is really the one thing that sets them apart from the rest of the other keyboard apps out there.
lenfour ratingtwo Wanted refund as useless .
lenthree ratingtwo Can I get ?
lenfifteen ratingfive wow, it really is very fast and reduces the typing time to an unbelievable extent.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Best keyboard I have used, defiantly makes it where I don't miss my I phone keyboard this is a must have
leneleven ratingfive Swift Key makes writing messages and emails so simple and quick.
lenfifteen ratingfive It remembers things you write so can predict what you're going to type next.
lenfive ratingfive A must have for sure.
lenfour ratingfive Title says it all.
leneight ratingfive Keyboard predictions are much better than stock android.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive It quickly adapted to my typing style (I tend to hit the n key instead of the space bar a lot) and I swear that sometimes it even knows what I want to say before I do.
lenten ratingfive I have not had to actually "teach"  it any words.
lenfive ratingfive Keep up the amazing work!
lenfive ratingfive What more can I say!
lenfive ratingfive Best app ever hands down!
lenfive ratingfour Best keyboard on the market!
lenseven ratingfour Please, developer team, never stop support! :D
lentwo ratingone Great keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive No complaints aside from that.
lenfive ratingfive Keep up the good work!
lensix ratingfive Excellent app for text, and email
leneight ratingfive Really prefer this keyboard over any Samsung keyboard.
lensix ratingfive Could not live without this keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Definitely recommended.
lensix ratingfive Every update gets better and better.
lensixteen ratingfive so much easier for me to see,  easier to use for my hand size and dexterity.
lentwo ratingfour Please fix?
lenfifteen ratingfour One would think it would work well with Google products but is far from it.
lensix ratingfive Really fantastic, totally  worth the money!
lenfour ratingone Please restore for 5 stars
lenfive ratingfour Saves a lot of time.
lenseven ratingfour Add that and you have a 5 star!
lenten ratingfive This keyboard is much better than the standard android keyboard.
lennine ratingfive Why didn't I find this app months ago?
lenthree ratingfour Intuitive to use.
lenfive ratingfour I guess theupdate fixed it.
lenthree ratingtwo I'm running CM10.
leneight ratingthree They seem to work in other fields though.
lenthirteen ratingfive When the app does work it's AMAZING... hard to live without it!
lenthree ratingthree Fix it please.
lenfifteen ratingtwo It went off for a repair and came back perfect until I installed swiftkey 3 again.
lennine ratingtwo I emailed the devs but never got a response.
lennine ratingtwo Very disappointed that I wasted my money on this!
lenseven ratingone Forget trying to just type and send.
lenfive ratingone Stick with the stock keyboard.
lentwo ratingthree Over rated....
lentwentyfive ratingthree yeah u get the picture, im not sayin its bad, its just not great, and i paid a dime for it over a year ago.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree I hae like 6diff $ kb on play, thumb kb gets my vote, but i still prefer my ics blue themed swype on my s2 or syncing my sk to it if i gotta right a paper.
lentwelve ratingthree Personally i think i liked the old version of this apk better
lenfive ratingfive Great keyboard,	all others suck.
lenfour ratingone It's very annoying...
lensix ratingone Especially when that word is correct.
lenfifteen ratingone I don't rely on auto correct often, but when i do, it's off.
leneleven ratingone You're making it seem you dun care about your customers.
lenten ratingone -.- updates are almost always minor and maybe once every 2-3 months.
lensix ratingfive This app knows how I think!
lentwo ratingfive Great app!
lenfour ratingfive * OS 4.1.2 fixes the bug.
lensix ratingthree Great but smart keyboard is better!
lenthirteen ratingtwo I enjoyed using this keyboard for a couple years on my HTC Inspire 4G.
lentwelve ratingfive Much better than the stock keyboards on my current and past devices.
leneleven ratingfive I use it every day and really love the predictive text.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I if you do not have this app and your worried about the price, don't be because it is 100% worth it.
lentwentyeight ratingfive I have pretty thick thumbs and I have typos all the time but this keyboard makes it possible to type what I want without any of the hassle
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard app.
lennine ratingfive Highly recommended as the default android keyboard on s3 sucks.
lennine ratingfive Worth the payment as well as recommended to friends.
lenfive ratingfive The Word predictions are superb.
leneight ratingfive Saves a lot of time in the process.
lensix ratingfive A must for every android user!!
lenthirteen ratingtwo I fell it's not learning -like before- from my way of typing!
lennine ratingtwo This keyboard was my BEST keyboard in the market..
lenfour ratingtwo they should do something ..
lenfive ratingfive This keyboard is a necessity.
lentwo ratingfive Best ever
lensix ratingfour Okay this is a great app.
lennine ratingfive Definitely made typing a hell of a lot easier!
lentwo ratingthree Pretty awesome!
lentwentyone ratingfive I've used this app for a month, and it has finally made typing on a touchscreen a viable input option!
lentwentythree ratingfive Basically, you don't have to look at your fingers as you type because the auto correct this app contains is so effective.
lenthree ratingone Love this keyboard
lentwo ratingfive See above.
lenfour ratingfour So worth the money!
lenthree ratingfour Very nice keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Try the free trial out!
leneleven ratingfive I'm not sure I prefer tap keyboards or Swype keyboards.
lenfour ratingfive I try using both.
lentwentyeight ratingfive This one is the best tap style, and it lets you use Google's voice dictation software which is better than Dragon, which Swype forces you to use.
lenthree ratingfour Please fix this.
lentwo ratingfive Great keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfive The predictive text is amazingly accurate when compared with default Samsung s3 keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive excellent investment, and I've got so much use out of this app, total bargain!
lentwo ratingfive Just perfect! :)
lentwo ratingfive Awesome keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Definitely worth the money.
lentwentyfour ratingfive At first a lot of people might think that the predictive texting sucks for it because it has to learn how you type first.
lenfourteen ratingfive Once you've typed on it for a little while it is simply amazing.
lennine ratingfour This is the ultimate keyboard I was looking for!
lenfour ratingthree It's really annoying.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever.
lenthirteen ratingfive I FREAKING LOVE this keyboard, it makes typing easy and fun and USEFUL.
lentwo ratingfive HIGHLY recommended!
lentwo ratingfive Works great!
lenfive ratingfive My fave keyboard so far.
lenfour ratingfive Predictive texting is awesome!
leneleven ratingfive I was sceptic and this is crazy,  but SwiftKey is awesome
lenfour ratingfive Superior keyboard very intuitive
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend!!
lensix ratingfive I love dis apps a lot.
lennine ratingfive Bought it within a few hours after downloading trial.
lenfive ratingfive Yes it's that good!
lenfourteen ratingfive Now I can effortlessly write an entire post on my blog using my phone.
lentwo ratingfive Amazing keyboard.
lenfifteen ratingfive No problems love how it learns your words and predicts the next word to use...
lenten ratingfive Fast and simple for both the fast and accurate typers!
lenfive ratingfive Looks awesome and works great!
lenthirteen ratingfive My daily keyboard from now since it now supports my language (Korean) :D
lenfive ratingfive An excellent application for typing.
lenfour ratingfive I love this app!
lensix ratingfive No more embarrassing typos for me.
lenfour ratingfive Looks awesome, works great.
leneighteen ratingfive And makes typing on a touch screen easier coming from someone who was used to a physical keyboard.
lenseven ratingfour This made me hate my stock keyboard.
lensix ratingfour So I had to buy it!
lenthree ratingfive Love this app.
lentwelve ratingfive I have English, German and Spanish installed as I use all three.
lenfifteen ratingfive Other than that, it's awesome to type half an email without doing any letters.
leneleven ratingfive It's smart and knows what you're going to say!
lenseven ratingthree Who thought this was a good idea?
leneighteen ratingfive An excellent application that has a crazy ability to learn your typing habits and predict your next words.
lentwo ratingthree Awesome keyboard.
lenseventeen ratingthree It does not do this on my galaxy nexus but it does do it on my tmobile gs2 t989.
lenseven ratingfour 5 stars when the lag gets fixed pleaseeee
lensix ratingfive Definitely an improvement from the stock.
lenseven ratingfive My Samsung galaxy 3 keyboard auto corrects stupidly.
lenfour ratingfive This reads my mind.
lensixteen ratingfive get this app if you want to speed type and not worry about typing everything wrong
lensixteen ratingfive I was skeptical at first about it but I don't regret buying this at all.
lensix ratingthree After that it would be 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive Love the keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Leaps and bounds better than the stock keyboard.
lentwentyone ratingfive Worth every penny, and one of the few apps I would label as essential to anyone getting a new Android phone.
leneight ratingfive Worth to be one the top paid app.
lentwentyfive ratingfive Tried to go back to the standard android keyboard and I realized I didn't know how good this one was until it was gone.
lentwo ratingfive Amazing app!!
lenthree ratingfive Worth every cent.
leneight ratingfive I will never use the stock keyboard again.
lenfive ratingfive The rapid typing is impressive.
leneleven ratingfive Apparently this app has saved me 300 keystrokes in 5 minutes of typing.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Even if this might be over-singing praises, thanks to this app the typing experience on Android just became fun and painless.
lenseven ratingfive I would pay 10 times the asking price!
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard out there hands down!
lensixteen ratingfive I just switched from the iphone to the samsung, and the keyboard was driving me crazy.
leneight ratingfive I could barely text, let alone text fast.
lenthirteen ratingfive I just downloaded this app yesterday and I am super impressed with it.
lenfive ratingfive The spell check is amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive The predictive text is uncanny and saves me more time than I can count.
leneleven ratingfive An outstanding and indispensable app, worth far more than the cost!
leneleven ratingfour I use for both English and Portuguese and am very happy.
lentwelve ratingfour In those cases I need to switch to Samsung's crappy keyboard.
lenfive ratingfive I absolutely love this keyboard...
lenfive ratingfive Problem with this or phone?
lenthree ratingfive Dev. Please help.
lenthree ratingfive Easy to use.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I think I'm going to like this program very much, in fact I typed this entire comment by speaking into my phone, 100 percent accuracy, I feel like a kid in a candy store.
lenfourteen ratingfour I write frequently in three different languages and this thing just gets it right.
lentwenty ratingfour I can even mix languages within a single sentence, like when using names of people or stores, and it works.
leneight ratingfour I'll give 5 stars once that is fixed.
lenthree ratingfive Tried a few.
lenfour ratingtwo please fix the issue ..
lenfive ratingtwo using thumbs keyboard rt now ..
leneleven ratingtwo not as good as swiftkey but atleast it doesn't lag ..
lensix ratingthree I'm missing the swipe function.
lennine ratingfive This keyboard saved me time and tons of typos.
leneleven ratingfive love this app it is so cleaver, keep it up Swiftkey!!!!!
lensixtynine ratingfive I've had this app now for three years and it just gets better and better, although I purchased it as just SwiftKey they have never changed me for any updates and now obviously it's SwiftKey 3, it saves you so much time as it knows what you're typing because it gets use to the way you type and predicts the next words, just the best by far.
lenfive ratingfive Used it for almost 2 years
lensixteen ratingone I have loved using swift key and even payed for the upgrade just to support them.
lenfour ratingfive In a word..brilliant!
leneight ratingthree Without that I don't use this app.
leneleven ratingthree Went back to the Samsung keyboard in a matter of minutes.
lenten ratingfive The predictive texting for rapid texters is close to perfection.
lentwo ratingfive Good job.
lenthree ratingfive Keep it coming.
lentwo ratingfive Absolutely brilliant
lenfour ratingfive An android must have.
lenthirteen ratingfive BUT since upgrading to swift 3 the awesome app is back in use again!
lentwo ratingfive THANK GOD!
leneight ratingfive Now I have the S3 and it's awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive Had trial version, liked it so bought the full version and so far so good.... L
leneight ratingfive uv the themes it matches color of phone...
lenseven ratingfive Lol no complaints this way,  great job...
lensix ratingfive A must have for touch screen :)
lenseven ratingfive Tried this before - wasn't that good.
lenseven ratingfive Tried it again, and it's amazing!
lentwentythree ratingfive Not sure what's different this time round, but the speed and accuracy of the auto correct leaves everything else in the dust.
leneight ratingfive I literally can't fault this, well done.
lensix ratingthree I had this app at 5 stars.
lenfour ratingthree It was perfect before!
lenthree ratingthree Please change back.
lenthirteen ratingthree This is from someone that would praise this app to everyone I meet.
lennineteen ratingfive I normally would not pay this much for an application but this is definitely one of the better keyboards.
lennine ratingfive It's so accurate its crazy i love it!
lenthree ratingfour Love the keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour The prediction is amazing!
lenten ratingfour It just doesn't quite measure up to Smart Keyboard.
lenseven ratingfive Couldn't ask for a better keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive I really like the feel of it and the different themes.
lenfour ratingfive Totally worth the money!
lennineteen ratingthree Other than that,  its a great keyboard.  (as you notice,  there's a few double spaces in this review.)
lenseven ratingfive Without doubt, the best keyboard so far..
lensixteen ratingfive I live everything aboutthis app, missed it a LOT when I didn't have my EVO 4G
lenfive ratingfive I am a beautiful person.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard app there is.
lenfive ratingfive I am a beautiful person.
lentwentyseven ratingfive It make life so much easier when you can type and not have to keep going back over to check if your text is all spelt cirrectly.
lentwo ratingfour Favorite keyboard
lenseven ratingfour Like the way it's steadily improving...
lenfour ratingfive Sensible design, beautifully executed.
leneighteen ratingfive I've had 3 android devices and 3 iOS devices and I've never come across a keyboard like this.
lennine ratingfive I can't believe I havnt got this before.
lensixteen ratingfour But it's not sufficiently better than the stock Jelly Bean keyboard to warrant its price.
lennine ratingfour This has been the best keyboard I have used!
leneight ratingfour With the S3 in portrait, I can actually type!
leneleven ratingfour Also the hold touch for punctuation and the smileys is amazing!
leneleven ratingfour Samsung Galaxy S3 model - SGH 1747M small nuisance, will give 5 stars when fixed
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is amazing.
lensix ratingfive I've never mistyped a word.
lenfour ratingfive Much faster than t9 trace.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Please do this I've asked three times and I haven't got anything.
leneight ratingtwo I will rate 5 star since this is added.
lennine ratingfour That's the only gripe I have about SwiftKey.
lenfour ratingfour Other than that, Flawless.
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard for any droid phone!
lensix ratingone Predictive text works intermittently in apps.
lenseven ratingone No longer remembers sentences or predicts hashtags.
lenfive ratingone This is a harsh review.
leneight ratingone Other keyboards r having a alot of features.
lenfour ratingfive I love this application.
lenfive ratingfive Neon keyboard is the best!
leneight ratingone Used to be the best keyboard out there.
lennineteen ratingone Go support a keyboard that will focus on what users actually want and fix bugs in a timely fashion.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Didn't quite understand why people needed extra keyboards since I found the default ones fine but SwiftKey is actually really precise.
lenfive ratingone Fix this, get five stars.
lentwentysix ratingfour Now to be fair, if I missed these options somewhere in the settings, please tell me, if not, it would be quite helpful to update it.
leneight ratingfour Overall, excellent keyboard and love the different themes.
lenten ratingfive The only keyboard anyone will need with a android phone
lenfour ratingfive This is seriously amazing.
lentwenty ratingfive I am typing this on it and it almost always predicts the next word with only a few key strokes.
lennine ratingfive I love it swype has nothing on swift key 3.
lentwelve ratingfour I absolutely love this keyboard, an amazing replacement for the awful stock.
lensix ratingfour Seems a bit steep, amazing otherwise.
lenfive ratingfive It is Amazing, I recommend!
lenthree ratingfive Worth the money!
lensix ratingfive I love my new Samsung galaxy S3!
lenseventeen ratingfive Even worse when you have two or three languages,  you need to keep switching all that time :-(
leneight ratingfive For only $0.99! You can solve all your problems ;-)!
lenten ratingfive Simple to use, SwiftKey 3 is a huge surprise to me.
lensixteen ratingfive It works perfectly using two languages at the same time without switching to one to another...  ;-)
leneighteen ratingone Regardless of whether this is a developer issue or Google issue, it's unacceptable in a paid app.
lensix ratingone Please hurry up and fix it!
lennine ratingfive Dictionary remembers singlish as well like leh, lah, lor.
lentwo ratingfive Good buy!
leneighteen ratingfive Got this for pennies when it was on offer and would easily have paid full price for it.
lennineteen ratingfive Really good and totally customizable so do spend a minute or two setting it up to suit your needs.
lentwentyfour ratingfive Hated my touch screen phone till i put this app on and now i'm very well impressed and love my we Galaxy Y
lensix ratingfive Saves a substantial number of keystrokes.
lenthree ratingfive Really works well.
lentwo ratingfive Works perfectly
lenthirtytwo ratingfive I've recently switched from iphones to Android, I've been blown away by the jelly bean os and have realised apple give you a fraction of the useabilty of the system.
lenseventeen ratingfive BUT the standard keyboard on jelly bean really sucks in so far as auto correcting your inputting.
lenthirteen ratingfive 2.99 is a bargain for the ease of typing that I'm used to.
lenfiftyfive ratingfive I was always a blackberry person, and I have changed to more powerful smart phones for lots of reasons,  but the one thing I missed was the key board on blackberry, and I have tried lots of key pad apps but this is the best  and nearest to my blackberry experience for sure, great job
lentwentytwo ratingfive I've only been using it for a few minutes now but I've never typed this fast on any phone before.
lenthirteen ratingfive I love how I can have it detect three languages at any time.
lenthree ratingfive Money well spent.
lenfifteen ratingfive Better than stock keyboard, love it. Lots of customization but would like to see more.
lenthree ratingfive And was convinced.
lenseven ratingfive A genuine marvel at what it does.
lenseven ratingfive Quick prediction and great support for arabic
lenseven ratingfive It's definitely worth purchasing and using.
lentwelve ratingfour Much much better than the factory android keyboard that came with my S3.
lenten ratingfour I still find it much worse than my iPhone was.
lenthirtythree ratingfour I purely base my opinions on how often I have to go back and fix mistakes that either I've made and it didn't fix.  or words it just completely butcher's.
lenfourteen ratingfour I'm not basing my opinion off gimmicky things that the keyboards can do.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Texting is so much easier and accurate with the word selection choices and the app's ability to learn frequently used words.
lenfive ratingfive Once I figured it out.....
lentwenty ratingfive You can set it to suggest-- but it doesn't override what you type in if you choose that option.
lenfive ratingone Will 5 star again when fixed.
lenfive ratingfive Simply does an amazing job
lenthirteen ratingthree This is without doubt one of (if not) the best keyboards available today.
leneighteen ratingthree That's also the reason I also purchased Thumb Keyboard and is writing this review on that keyboard.
lennineteen ratingfive Works so well you hardly notice what it's doing, which is exactly what you want with a keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Prediction is great and different themes are good.
lennineteen ratingfive This is how stock keyboards should work, Samsung and the likes take note should be standard on all phones.
lenthirteen ratingfive A separate tablet app I have to purchase in addition to regular SwiftKey?
lensixteen ratingfive wow its like it knows what i am about to wrote before i even write it .
lenseven ratingfive saves me so much time and effort .
lenthirteen ratingfive well worth the price it is now but for 25p it was a steal .
lenfour ratingfour only have one complaint...
lenthree ratingfour that being said..
lensix ratingfour this keyboard setup and functions kicks
lenfour ratingfour works fine for me
lenthree ratingthree Other than that.
lentwo ratingfour Great keyboard!
leneleven ratingfive This is the best keyboard app ever it is so easy!
lentwentysix ratingone Once this behavior is fixed I can adjust my rating to five stars - how hard would it be to create an option to disable this behavior?
lensixteen ratingfive This is one of those apps that I will never not have on an Android device.
lenten ratingfive It allows you to type so much faster and easier -
lensix ratingfive Now I feel that I must.
lenfifteen ratingfive More important is that we all use the smart phone keyboard more than anything else.
lennine ratingfive Can't believe how advanced swift has made it.
lensixteen ratingfive When I first got my Samsung Galaxy II, I hated the keyboard that was on it.
lenfourteen ratingfive Soon after, I downloaded SwiftKey 3 and I cannot use anything else! I love it!
lenthree ratingfive I recommend it 100%
lenseven ratingfive By far the best keyboard out there.
lentwo ratingfive Anyone agree?
lenfive ratingfive I love it so much.
leneighteen ratingfive I after switching over from iphone to android I hate to say it, but I missed auto correct.
lentwelve ratingfive No android has proven once again why I am glad I switch.
lenseven ratingfive SwiftKey is amazing and worth every penny.
lenfive ratingfive Works even better then apple....
lensix ratingfive This as my default any more.
lenfour ratingfive Best keyboard there is !!!
lenfourteen ratingfive This app is far by the best app to get for your mobile phone.
lenten ratingfive I myself like the neon theme because it looks cool.
lentwo ratingfour please fix.
lensix ratingfive Wow is all I can say.
lentwo ratingthree Otherwise fantastic.
leneight ratingfour But this keyboard is more stable and consistent.
lenseven ratingfive There isn't a better predictive keyboard!
lenten ratingfive I don't buy apps but I bought this one!
lensix ratingfive Highly recommend for only four dollars. :-)
lenthree ratingfive Love this app
lenthirteen ratingfive The best keyboard app there is and keeps getting better with each update!
lennine ratingfive I don't even have to type any more.
lenfive ratingfive Best 99 cents I ever spent.
lenthirteen ratingfive This app is for people who would like to replace their terrible keyboards.
lenfour ratingfive Don't be cheap.
lenthirteen ratingfive This is one app that I can honestly say is worth my money.
lenfourteen ratingfive Which is the only reason why I decided to purchase SwiftKey 3 from Google play.
lensix ratingfive Way better than the default keyboard!
lentwenty ratingfive My favorite option is changing the amount of time for long press since I use the secondary keys a lot.
lenfour ratingthree Use to love it.
lenfive ratingthree 3 stars it is for now.
lenfour ratingthree Switching to factory keyboard.
lensixteen ratingthree Been using it for more than 3 months, it should have learned my personal lexico by now.
lenten ratingthree Get it if only $ .99, else I can't recommend it.
lenfive ratingthree Keyboard layout is marginally better.
lenfour ratingfour Really amazing predictive text.
lenfourteen ratingfive I am revising my review to reflect that the problems I had were fixed.
lenfive ratingfive This is my favorite keyboard.
lennineteen ratingfive It's a small problem that shouldn't take away from how well the auto-correct and predictions work.
lenfourteen ratingfive This is the best keyboard I have ever used it is the perfect keyboard
lentwelve ratingfour I asked for fix good while ago with no update on it.
leneleven ratingfive It made my transition to a touch screen a lot easier.
lenten ratingfive Great Keyboard with excellent predictions and auto correction...really swift.
lentwelve ratingfive I've been using it for a long time and love it.
lenthree ratingfive We'll see!
lentwentyone ratingfive Use smart keyboard pro and this, SwiftKey is so intuitive and easy to use i am tending to stay with it.
lenthirtyone ratingfive Completey customizable very efficient works exactly like a keyboard should work very fast and I know because I'm an English major who uses Google drive alot for papers and homework.
lenfour ratingfour Best keyboard out there.
lenfour ratingfour Blazing fast, error free.
leneighteen ratingfive I used the trial for a month and felt it was so much better than my original keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfive Unfortunately I got used to how great Swiftkey was quickly and then my trial was over.
lennineteen ratingfive I switched back to my original android keyboard with auto-correct and my typing went from great to horrible.
lentwentyeight ratingfive Swiftkey should be thanked, they're saving lives with their app because people who might have a crash from texting now can be relieved with reliable text suggestions.
leneight ratingfive People need to stop whining, they're great.
lennine ratingthree I bought this app much earlier with my nexus 7.
lenten ratingthree I then I realized that there was a tablet version.
lenfour ratingthree Is there any difference?
leneight ratingfour Motorola Defy rooted with CM9 ROM by jordan installed.
lentwo ratingfour Works great.
lensixteen ratingfive Saves me so much time and effort with its super smart spell correction and prediction text.
lentwo ratingfive Great app.
lenfourteen ratingfive Makes it possible to write on touchscreen without taking ages, it's SO helpful!
lensix ratingfive Definitely one of my favourite apps!
lenfive ratingfive Great prediction and typing app.
lentwo ratingfive Simple & great!
leneight ratingfive Best touch screen keyboard I've ever used.
lentwelve ratingfive Great app was amazed on how it remembers your style of writing.
lentwo ratingfour Works great.
lenseven ratingfive I have absolutely loved everything about this....
lenfifteen ratingfive I don't have to worry about making mistakes because it will always fix hit!
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommend!
lenfive ratingfour This keyboard is really good.
lenten ratingfour Until this feature is added,  my rating will stay at 4
lentwentythree ratingfive I seriously hated the stock keyboard on my samsung galaxy s3 it was horrible and I couldn't type on it fast at all.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I then got swift and I love it soo much well worth the money, and it makes my phone even that better.
leneleven ratingone I know this is an old phone but still No improvement.
leneight ratingfive It is way better than the Android keyboard!
leneight ratingfive The auto correct is amazing and so accurate!
lenseven ratingfive First review I've bothered to do -
leneight ratingfive getting this app genuinely makes my life easier.
leneleven ratingfive Much faster sending long emails and the predictive element is awesome.
lensixteen ratingtwo Tryed to send them an email they said search for problem thread or sth like that .
lentwelve ratingtwo I have no time for it 2 stars and uninstalling .. waist of money..
leneight ratingtwo It works when I text that's all
leneight ratingfour Cept for that this is my favorite keyboard.
lenfour ratingfour Better than Swipeit keyboard.
lenten ratingthree When I had a Casio commando, this app was great.
lentwo ratingfour Not good.
lentwo ratingfour Please fix.
leneighteen ratingfive I've downloaded what feels like a dozen keyboards and all of them just weren't quite right.
lentwentynine ratingfive This one on the other hand has absolutely excellent predictive text and a great keyboard layout that makes typing easier so I hit the right letter the first time.
lennine ratingtwo The developer does not seem to address the issue.
lenseven ratingtwo It needs fixing in the first place.
lentwelve ratingfour This is really good and 98% accurate since I'm a rapid typer..
leneleven ratingfour Thank god for android sale I bought it at ard sgd1+ awesome!
lenfive ratingfour I would gv it 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfour I this is on s3.
lenseventeen ratingone Unfortunately, it took me a while before trying it out and I cannot get a refund now.
lenthree ratingone Does not work.
leneleven ratingone I've used it before and it's a great app.
lenfive ratingone Might be a jellybean thing.
lenfourteen ratingfive Seriously everyone who don't have this buy it, it's soo worth it!
lensix ratingfive One of the best apps ever
lenseventeen ratingfive I have owned 5 smart phones and without question this is the best keyboard I have ever used.
lenthree ratingfive Well done, devs.
lenfive ratingfive The keyboard works very well!
lenfifteen ratingfive It is intelligent enough to really learn what im saying and how I say it.
lensix ratingtwo I'm gonna un install it..
lenfourteen ratingfive Ok amazing app I love this look try it it will plow your mind..
lenseventeen ratingfive You have fifteen minutes to return it you won't you will be in love by then....
leneleven ratingfive Well worth the money hate I lived without it so long!!!....
lentwentythree ratingfive I had this A few months now still wow amazed with it can't help but love this app try it trust me!
leneleven ratingfour Ok so it's a great keyboard, the best on android.
lenthirteen ratingfour Let me control that, stop this pretentious nonsense world where no one swears
lenten ratingfour This really is about as good as it could be.
lentwo ratingfour Quite amazing.
lenthree ratingfour Hence only 4 stars.
lenten ratingfour This really does learn and saves me loads of time.
lenthirteen ratingfive It's easier to write on this keyboard than on full computer one.
lentwenty ratingfive It remembers how you write and after some time of usage it automagically suggests and complete your words and sentences.
lenten ratingfive I and everyone I told about this keyboard loves it.
lenten ratingfive Great,  only need to type about 15 characters for this sentence :-)
lensixteen ratingfive Took the trial didn't upgrade for a week decided I couldn't live without it!
lenten ratingfive You'll understand why when you stop being tight lol.
lenfive ratingfive Honestly though this is amazing.
lenseven ratingfive Best keyboard on the market to date.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Great predictions, good looks, handy gestures, you'll be hard pressed to find a keyboard that does this better than swift key
lenfive ratingfive By far, a must need.
lensixteen ratingfive This keyboard allows me to type like I was on an iPhone (which is still garbage)
lenfour ratingfour Made typing much easier.
lentwentyone ratingfour I have had a smartphone since they first came out and this is the first app I have ever paid for.
lenfour ratingfour Well worth the money!
lenthirteen ratingfour It's not swype so I'm not sure why everyone wants that?
leneighteen ratingfour Get swype or a knock off if you want it and your standard keyboard doesn't have it.
leneleven ratingfour There are maybe 2 that are nice, the rest look really cheap.
leneight ratingfour And even the good ones could be better.
lenseven ratingfour In terms of functionality, it's exceptional.
lenthirteen ratingfive I love this keyboard the best of all the ones I have tried.
lenseven ratingfive It is amazing just try and see.
lenseven ratingfive Best software keyboard I have ever used.
lenthree ratingfive Built for me.
lennine ratingfive Love the text to email if I need it.
lentwelve ratingfive I had no idea a different keyboard could make such a difference.
lensix ratingfive It went far beyond my expectations.
lenfive ratingfive Its super fast and efficient.
lenten ratingfive Which is perfect because im such a lazy fast  texter.
lenseven ratingfive I miss almost every letter but... BAM!
lenfour ratingfive swiftkeys got my back!
lensix ratingfive Best keyboard ever! (Galaxy S III)
lenthree ratingfive One word: Download
lentwo ratingone Very annoying.
lennine ratingone I no longer use this keyboard as a result.
lenthirteen ratingone Otherwise the predictive text is better than the built in one on my Gs2.
lenfive ratingfour Test and test after resting
leneleven ratingfive After trying them all this is hands down the best keyboard.
lensixteen ratingfive The prediction is scarily accurate and it picks up all my mistakes - perfect for speed texters.
lenfourteen ratingone Was supposed to be to celebrate the 25 billion downloads from the Google play store.
lenfour ratingone I've been charged 2.99.
lenseven ratingone Would never have paid full price willingly!
lensix ratingfive I love this keyboard nuff said
lentwo ratingfour Great app!
lennine ratingfour Other than that, I think this app is amazing
lenfourteen ratingfive I even bought the keyboard after the trial expired and I NEVER buy apps!
leneighteen ratingfive Great predictions,  my typing is all over the place with other keyboards and swift gets it every time.
leneleven ratingfour This app beats the stock app and even the go keyboard....
lenfour ratingfour Great keyboard so far ;-)
lenfour ratingfive I am thoroughly impressed.
lenseven ratingfive I love this app best keyboard ever.
lenfiftyone ratingfive I noticed a lot of complaints about it not having a customized dictionary, it does all you have to do is high light the word you want to add and click on it a drop down menu will appear from there click add to dictionary you can remove things as well
leneight ratingfive This is simply the best keyboard for Android.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive I got my Galaxy S3 recently and was worried about not having a physical keyboard, and but with this app, my typing speed and accuracy is almost same as having a physical keyboard!
lenseven ratingfive No more frustration and bunch of typos.
leneighteen ratingfive I switch to it when I know I'm going to do a lot of one handed typing.
lenten ratingfive I have tried thumb but Swift is the current champ.
leneleven ratingfive his input ape is the best keyboard I have ever had.
lentwentysix ratingfive It is so amazing you just might find yourself texting and sending emails just for the simple fact that is so so so easy and fun.
leneight ratingfive I the best things come in 333's :-D
lensix ratingfour This app is missing one thing..
leneleven ratingfive Stock Android keyboard already beat iOS' easily. (with gesture typing etc)
lenthirteen ratingfive it is King of any features that any SMS app has out there.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever!!!
lenten ratingfive First appeared I have ever bought, it is that good.
lenfour ratingfive No complaints from me.
lentwo ratingfive Very pleased
lenseventeen ratingfive Perfectly fits your each touch on the keys and knows what word you're about to say!
leneight ratingfive Found the stock keyboard on my s3 to suck.
lenfour ratingfive Nearly same speed too.
lenfour ratingfive Crazy fast and accurate
lennine ratingfive The way it suggests words and phrases is fantastic.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended
lenfive ratingone That just makes it unusable..
lenseven ratingfour one of the better investment I made.
leneleven ratingfour A good keyboard dbhas an uncanny ability to predict next words.
lensixteen ratingfive The most amazing keyboard I've used ever, and I've used windows mobile for ages.
lentwo ratingfive Nothing compares.
leneight ratingfive This is best keyboard I have ever used.
lenseven ratingfive Predictive text tends to be spot on.
lenten ratingfive Many use a combination of Welsh and Eng in sentences
lenfour ratingfour We r waiting for 5.
lenfour ratingfive On my new note 2. :-)
lensixteen ratingfive I have never experienced such speed on a cellphone in my life before I tried SwiftKey.
lentwenty ratingfive It's prediction is borderline frightening with it's accuracy and it's like it's tapped into my mind.
lensixteen ratingfive Sometimes I just stop trying and hit in rough estimations, and it still pulls it off.
lennineteen ratingfive Just now I tried out writing something really dumb to get "repair" and it autocorrected me from twpauf :p
leneight ratingfive Try out swiftkey, you won't regret it!
lenfive ratingfive 100x better than  the default keyboard
lenfifteen ratingfive Best app, they should just give it to you when you buy any android phone.
lensix ratingfive Just what i was looking for...
lenfive ratingfive I can't find it!!!
lenfive ratingfour Other then that great app!
lennine ratingfive Accurate predictions, customizable, easy to set up, visually appealing.
lenseventeen ratingfive Makes typing on a touchscreen so great because I hateee it (even though I have a S3 haha)
lennine ratingfive First app I bought, no regrets as of now.
lenthirtyone ratingfive For some reason, I can't finish the install but the keyboard works fine but I think it's because it saved my setting from when I used the trial version.
lensix ratingtwo The predictions wow me every time.
leneight ratingtwo Definitely try it, it's worth your time.
lennine ratingfour I can text so much faster with out it.
lenfive ratingfour I really would love that.
lenfive ratingfour Please please please see this.
lenthree ratingfive Best keyboard ever.
lentwentyseven ratingfive I'm so used to slide to delete function that even if I try to use another keyboard I'll be swiping it to delete words lol...
lenten ratingfour After trying several apps this one is the absolute best!!
lensix ratingfour I even purchased the full version :-)
lenten ratingfive This is the only keyboard that kept me coming back.
lenseven ratingfive But I eventually got used to it.
lenfifteen ratingfive I've tried quite a few different keyboard apps and this one is the best.
lentwentyeight ratingfive I love the size of the keys, the spacing between keys, and the app's ability to predict text and correct spelling and spacing errors as you go.
lenthirteen ratingfive It also has been offering more personalization options in terms of colors etc.
lentwo ratingfive Cool app
lensix ratingtwo Shame, it was my favourite keyboard.
lenten ratingfive I'm searching for a keyboard like this for years.
lenseven ratingfive Every Android user most have this keyboard.
lensix ratingfive You guys do the best job.
lenten ratingfive Kudos for this lesson of how a keyboard must be.
lennineteen ratingfive Every body start downloading this keyboard and pay for it and help this guys continuing developing this awesome product!!
lenfour ratingfive You make my year!!
lentwo ratingfive Simply Awesome!!!!!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive I haven't found a better one and I truly doubt a better one exists out there.
lentwo ratingfive please check
lenseven ratingone OMG this sucks compared to Smart Keyboard.
lenten ratingone Used swiftkey for 3 weeks and I found so many bugs!!!
lenfive ratingone Developer never answered my mails.
lenfourteen ratingfive I tried to uninstall it and reinstalling it, but it still does the same.
leneight ratingfive since updating to jelly bean 4.1.2, no more problem.
lenfourteen ratingfive This is by far the best keyboard you can use on an Android phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive Just something to watch out for and another reason to keep the cord handy lol
lensix ratingfive How do I get a refund?
lenfive ratingfive Love using it every day.
lenfour ratingfive Its prediction is amazing.
lenfour ratingthree Please fix horrible programming.
lenfour ratingfive Save on RSI too!
lenfour ratingthree Need to fix that!
lenthirteen ratingone This didn't even work right and was a total waste of money.
lenfour ratingfive The best approach ever!!
lenthree ratingfour Life changer app.
lentwo ratingfour Worth the 3.99
lenfive ratingfour So close to being 5 stars!
lennineteen ratingfive I like how it vibrates, it makes it feel like you're pressing a button instead of a touchscreen.
lentwelve ratingfour Also, it saves me a lot of typos and looks cool too.
lensixteen ratingfive This app makes typing on my phone a joy and I can't recommend it enough.
lentwo ratingfive Excellent keyboard!
lennine ratingfive This is much better than the original on my s3!
lenfive ratingfive Well worth the four bucks!!
lentwelve ratingfive The trial period ended and I couldn't cope without buying it.
leneight ratingfive it's like it can read your mind.
lenthree ratingfive definitely recommend it.
lennine ratingfive Works a LOT better in ICS than in Gingerbread.
lenthirteen ratingfive What does it say about me that my favourite app is a keyboard?
lenfour ratingfive I don't care.
lenfour ratingfive The app is phenomenal.
lenfour ratingfive great app, five stars
lensixteen ratingfive Amazing app!!! , I have been using it for a long time, typing is easy and fast!
lenthirteen ratingtwo Worked fine for a while, but some update broke it completely for me.
lentwo ratingtwo Thumbs down.
lenfifteen ratingfive I use this on my Samsung Galaxy S3 with the voice recognition and it works brilliantly.
lenfourteen ratingfive The voice recognition has a about an 85-90% accuracy and this app fixes the remaining 10%.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I'm guessing this app helps me write 3x -5x faster than what i normally would (along with all my corrections as prefer not to abbreviate).
lenfour ratingfive Well worth the money.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive I'm amazed how well it predicts what comes next (my friend says the app is reading my mind!), I'm guessing this type of app will be the future of typing on smart phones.
lenseven ratingfive Easy to use and comparatively very fast...
lentwelve ratingfive If you do much typing, it is well worth the minimal expense.
lenthirteen ratingthree half the people here in seoul use the 3x4 and other half uses qwerty.
lenten ratingfive Just purchased the app and I'm loving It already.
leneighteen ratingfive It's a relief since my phone is Korean and I had trouble using Spanish my native language....
lenthree ratingfive Totally recommend this
lentwo ratingfour Please fix.
lenfive ratingfive I love the word prediction.
lenfive ratingfive Best keyboard to me though.
lentwelve ratingfive I love SwiftKey, and I only have had it for five minutes.
lenten ratingone 1 star until fixed, I paid good money for this app.
leneighteen ratingthree It was so smooth on gingerbread and I don't know what happened because no other keyboard lags.
lenfourteen ratingthree But because the other ones don't lag I'm using something else now.
lentwelve ratingthree I want to be back on swiftkey, please roll out a fix.
lenfour ratingfive awesome keyboard, very smart.
lenten ratingfour Worried now that my credit card info has been stolen
lennine ratingfive Had the trial version and upgraded to the next.
lentwentyeight ratingfive After having this app for a month, it has saved me a vast amount of time from correcting my errors with its intelligent auto corrector and word prediction..
lenthree ratingfive Worth the 5 stars
lensix ratingfive The predictive text works amazingly well.
lenthirteen ratingfive I also like the combination of multiple languages that use the same alphabet.
lentwo ratingfive Good work!
lenseven ratingfive The best keyboard and text  prediction ever!!!
lensix ratingfive Hope to see new updates soon!
leneight ratingthree I prefer Thumb Keyboard much more than this.
lentwentyfive ratingfive Landscape typing is far more effective on Thumb Keyboard when using the split keyboard over the mashed together keyboard found in Swiftkey & default android keyboards.
leneleven ratingfive Soooo worth $3.99 of u text often you will LOVE this too.
lenthree ratingfive Love this product.
lenfifteen ratingfive Samsung's default keyboard was too slow to keep up with my fast/rapid typing!
leneleven ratingfive This one keeps up with it and has better correction ability!!
lenthree ratingfive Greatest thing ever.
lentwo ratingthree Really frustrating.
lensix ratingfive The best keyboard I have seen.
lentwo ratingfive Highly recommended.
lenfive ratingfive Much better than previous versions.
lenthree ratingfive Exceeded my expectations.
lentwo ratingfive Well done!
lenseven ratingfive App is excellent and has great functionality.
lentwentythree ratingfive I have tried several keyboards but none of them really met my standards when it came to accuracy.. but swiftkey has exceeded them!!!
lenthree ratingfive It's amazing!
lennineteen ratingfive Typing hasn't been easier, better then the iphone keyboard which I thought was one of their strong suits
lensix ratingfour This has improved my typing immensely.
lennine ratingfive Can't wait for the new keyboard to launch.
lenthree ratingfive Very nice app.
lentwenty ratingfive Takes a minute a little bit to get used to, but once it learns you and your method of typing...
leneleven ratingfive I thank the SwiftKey team for developing such a great app.
lenthirteen ratingfive SwiftKey has saved me from typing errors all the way to sentence correction.
leneight ratingfive Thank again and keep up the good work.
lenfour ratingfive Nothing but the best!
lenseven ratingfive Can't wait for SwiftKey Flow either!
lentwelve ratingfive I signed up as a Beta tester, hoping to get access soon
lentwo ratingfive Great prediction.
lenthree ratingfive Love this app!
lenfive ratingtwo I know you can do;-)
lennine ratingfive Prediction is the best of any keyboard ive used.
lenseven ratingfive Predicts words the way i use them.
lenthree ratingfive Worth every penny.
lennine ratingfour It's like I've got a new phone! :-$
lentwentyone ratingfive And thus made typing on it so much more enjoyable I am looking forward for the new flow version of it
lenfourteen ratingfive This is by far the best keyboard I have ever used on a touchscreen.
leneleven ratingfive It very nearly makes up for not having a physical keyboard.
lentwo ratingfour Super app.
lennine ratingfive This is a super awesome keyboard, the best estimate...
lenfive ratingfive Makes typing quick and easy.
lenfive ratingfive Great, the best for sure.
lentwelve ratingfive SwiftKey has far surpassed smart keyboard, perfect keyboard, slide it, and swype.
lenfive ratingfive I really enjoy this app.
lenthirteen ratingfive It makes typing just as fast as swipe texting but way more accurate.
lenten ratingfour This is the best keyboard I've used so far.
leneight ratingfour So until then I will give it 4 stars.
lenfive ratingthree So no 5 stars until then.
lenfour ratingfive This keyboard is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive Works so good. (UPDATE)
leneight ratingfive Wish I had installed it a year ago.
lensix ratingfive First app i ever paid for.
lenthree ratingfive Well worth it.
leneleven ratingfive I hated the Samsung keyboard and went looking for a replacement.
leneighteen ratingfive When I sore the price tag of SwiftKey I was like how can a simple keyboard be worth $4.
lentwelve ratingfive It literally corrects every single mistake after it learns your writing style.
leneighteen ratingfive Very helpful for work emails as I no longer appear unprofessional when I press send without Proof reading.
lenfive ratingfive Worth every cent and more.
lentwentyeight ratingfive This is the best tap style keyboard and it lets you use Google's voice dictation software which is better than Dragon, which Swype forces you to use.
lenfour ratingfive The features are amazing.
leneight ratingfive And even when I miss the space bar.
lenfour ratingfive The best keyboard ever.
lensixteen ratingfive This is the best android keyboard period, I wish my computer keyboard working like this  keyboard
lenseven ratingfive It was the best keyboard out their.
lenten ratingfive Please fix that and I'll give you the 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingfive 10/23/12 just down graded to 3 stars not working good on my DROID charge.
lenten ratingfive So good it is the only app I paid for!
leneleven ratingfive Wished I had switched to this keyboard a long time ago!
lenseven ratingone Not buying anymore products of this devs.
lenfive ratingfive Eagerly awaiting SwiftKey Flow in Q1 2013!
lentwelve ratingfour For that I will rate 4 stars, but it truly has 5 star potential.
leneight ratingtwo Dev knows but hasn't provided a solution
lentwelve ratingfive This is the 1st app I've ever paid for & it's excellent!
lenseven ratingfive I used Swype for over a year.
lennine ratingfive I used the normal phone keyboard & it felt rubbish.
lenfourteen ratingfive Then I bought Swype, after reading lots of reviews, & it is great to use.
lensix ratingfive I have never used Swype since!
lensixteen ratingfive The predicted text is just brilliant at guessing your next words & it truly makes typing faster.
lensix ratingfive There's No Other Like It!
lenfour ratingfive I highly recommend this.
lenseven ratingfive Most intuitive keyboard I've used EVER!
lensix ratingfive This keyboard makes typing a breeze.
lenfifteen ratingfive I'm a fast typer normally but I can almost keep up using the suggestions.
leneleven ratingfive Great predictive word keyboard, barely have to type when I text.
leneight ratingfive Solved all my issues with stock Android keyboard.
lentwo ratingfive Just great!
lenfifteen ratingfive I love that it can learn words that I use automatically from sms and Gmail.
lenseven ratingfive It knows me better than I do..
lennine ratingfive 5 stars for being the best keyboard I've used!
lensix ratingthree One of the best keyboards around.
lenseven ratingthree Smooth, fast, and epically accurate in prediction.
lenfour ratingfive Auto correct is amazingggg
lentwo ratingthree Near perfect.
lentwentytwo ratingthree But something has changed in the context word guessing in the past few weeks that has made it just an average keyboard.
lentwentytwo ratingfive I thought it would be just ok, the more I use this app the less I have to punch these little keys.
leneighteen ratingfive Heck, over half of this review was done using the space bar after punching in a few keys!
lenten ratingfive Absolutely love this, best piece of tech for andro out :-)
lenfour ratingfive Simple stuff like that.
lenseven ratingtwo I it's really annoying on my s3.
lenfortyone ratingfive Not even going to lie, I've been using this for just over a month and I got to say it's probably the best app I've ever downloaded, the keyboard is really smooth and auto correct is a amazing
lenthree ratingfive Exceeded my expectations!
lenten ratingfive My sentence is "I am shutting off all the time.
lentwelve ratingthree There should be such a basic bug in such a famous app.
lenfour ratingthree A great app otherwise!
lenfive ratingfive This key board is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive It makes texting a breeze.
lennine ratingfive Thanks SwiftKey, you saved half of an important note!
lenfourteen ratingfive But can I remove the icon from the notification bar when I am typing?
lensixteen ratingone The keyboard should work automatically with everything in your mobile, JUST WASTE OF MONEY and SPACE!
lenseventeen ratingone U have to run the App in order to use that, it doesnt even worth a penny!
lenseventeen ratingone Ask you guys first read all the comments and reviews here and then download or get dumbed!
lenten ratingfive Way better than the keyboard that came with the phone.
lenfive ratingfive You have to install it..
lentwentythree ratingfive I owned a Moto Defy and the screen size is not as big as others, but Swiftkey does an excellent job on it!
lentwelve ratingfive Deadly love it and would like to recommend to any Android user.
lennineteen ratingfive I was skeptical to purchase this app because I wasn't sure it would live up to its hype.
lentwentyone ratingfive But I was wrong, I would rather not use the default keyboard as it has made me move quickly when texting.
lenfifteen ratingfive If you're a huge texter, buy this app, don't even think about it.
lensix ratingfive This app is well worth it.
leneleven ratingfive Run, don't walk to the app store to purchase it!
lenfifteen ratingfour Besides it not being that much different than the free version, it's pretty good.
lenfourteen ratingthree I loved this keyboard, but I struggle to find something worthy that was added.
lenfive ratingthree Why would you remove features???
leneighteen ratingfour Now that you can use native ICS voice to text I'm back on board with this keyboard.
lenfive ratingfour Best keyboard on the market.
lennine ratingfour The longer you use it, the smarter it gets.
lentwelve ratingfour Learns how you type in context which gives predictions like no other.
lentwo ratingfive Thanks swiftkey
lenfifteen ratingfour (2) would like a way to shift-lock the number &  symbol keys of the main keyboard.
lenseven ratingone Constantly stuck with small font on keys.
lentwenty ratingfive One request, as others have said, would be to be able to change the number pad to a pc layout.
lentwelve ratingfour On the phone I still find its a bit small to use.
lenfifteen ratingfour If phone keypad was included as a layout, it would combine speed with advanced prediction.
lenfifteen ratingthree Please put this letters on a long press for croatian input, keys are toooooo small.
lenfive ratingfour It really needs more themes.
lenseventeen ratingfour A nice black and red one in particular, similar to the neon but red instead of blue.
lenfive ratingfour Five stars for more themes.
lensix ratingfour Wish more themes were available tho.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Please add a setting to remove word suggestions when using my hard keyboard.
lenfive ratingthree When is more themes coming
lentwelve ratingfour Would make reading texts easier without dragging down to close the keyboard.
lenten ratingfour One thing I would love to have would be shortcuts.
lentwenty ratingfour Absolutely love this keyboard, my only wishing is it would be cool if there was a dedicated row for numbers..
lenfortyseven ratingfive Best kb app available, I doubt most other themes are very popular(?) so should be removed, Cobalt is my fav, Dark would be better if the green was changed to match ICS blue theme similar to Cobalt, but that's just my opinion so well deserved 5 stars!
leneight ratingfive If you added Mandarin,  it would be perfect.
lenfive ratingfive More themes would be better
lenfourteen ratingone If only it didn't become disabled every time I plug my phone in..
lennine ratingone It needs more customization, updates, and a user dictionary.
lentwelve ratingfive But in Romanian predictions are not even close to those in English..
lennine ratingfive It would be great an update of romanian dictionary.
lenten ratingfive And it would be good to learn email addresses too.
lenseven ratingfour If only they would add handwriting recognition...
lenfourteen ratingtwo and the backup is the most important thing that they should think about it.
lenseventeen ratingfour Please give us the option to remove the smiley button and replace it with a return key
lentwentynine ratingthree It would be nice if the keyboard would have better smiley faces or imoticons the ones it has now are so boring then I would absolutely rate it a 5.
lennine ratingfive It can even learn from Facebook, Gmail, and twitter.
lenfifteen ratingone Keyboard was great but the killed the prediction accuracy with tweaks in the latest update.
lentwentyone ratingfour Would like to change a setting so that when I press the full stop, it doesn't automatically add a space.
lenfour ratingthree Please allow whatsapp personalization!
lennineteen ratingfive It's perfect for English, however I am looking forward to more improvements of other languages. (Also using Russian)
lenseven ratingone It does not even include Chinese language.
lentwelve ratingfive But I wish you could tell it to default to one language.
lennine ratingthree The layout of the number keys is really dumb.
lenthirteen ratingthree They should be horizontal but they're all clumped together on the left.
leneight ratingfive Works awesome can't wait for more themes.
lennine ratingthree Needs more settings so I can personalize the keyboard.
lenfour ratingfive Bring on more themes.
lenthree ratingone Restarts my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfour Great keyboard,  just wish there were more color customizations for the keyboard settings.
leneleven ratingfour It just won't let me use dots on text views.
leneighteen ratingfour The only thing it needs desperately is a different sound theme, because the old typewriter one is pathetic.
lensixteen ratingone But the last three days  it hasnt worked because it cant download the english language pack!
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I like the multi-character key concept, for popular punctuation marks, and I would like to suggest more, a selection of quotation marks, right facing-left facing, possibly standard, and elaborate as standards allow.
lenfive ratingfour Perfect if support Chinese input
lentwelve ratingfour I like it would love it if it had swipe option though
lensixteen ratingfour It's a really good keyboard, however I feel like there needs to be more themes.
lentwentyeight ratingfive Probably you can remove the auto-cap for the suggestions portion because it is kinda irritating to have an upper case word in the middle of the sentence.
lenfive ratingthree Where is the swype feature?
lenten ratingfour Wish you guys would add the Japanese support, much needed.
lenten ratingtwo Please make it an option to have pop up keys.
lentwentyeight ratingfour Yes, they put a few new themes in since the last iteration, but it could really benefit from the keyboard skin selection already out on the Android Market.
lenseven ratingone Predictive text doesn't work in browser.
lenfive ratingone Needs word competition point option.
lenfive ratingone Excellent before update to ICS.
lentwentyseven ratingone The keyboard layout cannot be modified to suit the user, thus the odd placement of numbers, symbols, and other buttons become frustrating to try to adjust to.
lenseventeen ratingone Take the numbers: usually lined up across the top after you press the "123" button, but not here.
lenthirteen ratingone Instead you get the numbers displayed as if you were holding a blackberry.
lenfifteen ratingone Other issues are the lack of a user dictionary and the overaggressive autocorrect omitting words.
lenfourteen ratingone it repeats the download process from the beginning every time the screen goes off.
lennine ratingone a headache if your connection is slow like mine.
lenfour ratingone was expecting more features.
lenseven ratingone This keyboard has not got much features.
lenseventeen ratingthree No calibration option makes it a current poor choice for those running the latest and greatest OS.
lenfiftythree ratingthree Better than the original keys, would be better if you could customize the positions and sizes of the keys and remove some of the un used ones,  and I would like to end this review if could put the keyboard back down cos the keyboard is hiding the post buttons in portrait mode.
lenthirteen ratingthree If it had swype capability it would be worth the money I paid.
lenthirteen ratingthree I decided not to use it after one day of frustration without Swype...
leneleven ratingfive Just wish there was a Japanese language pack and more themes.
lentwentyfour ratingfour 2. Please make the ".com" button on the space bar while on the Web an option, because personally, it gets in the way A LOT.
leneleven ratingthree I really want a dedicated quotation mark button, and more themes.
lennine ratingfour `Awesome keyboard,,  we need new theme and costume theme..!!
leneleven ratingfive needs to use more of user words like in go keyboard!
lenseven ratingone So many useless symbols but no backtick (`)?!
lenfourteen ratingone Also: pressing a punctuation key needs to accept the prediction, then insert that symbol.
lenfifteen ratingone We also want custom gestures (paste, select all, move cursor, etc) and changeable detection sensitivity.
lentwentythree ratingfour Needs swype,  sometimes doubles on letters, hate the fact that a space automatically equals a period but overall very impressive and worth my $
lenthirtyfive ratingthree I tend to type very fast, and when I press a key on the right side of the keyboard, and immediately press a key on the left side, SwiftKey assumes I'm deleting a word.
lenten ratingthree Also for the love of God, give us keyboard shortcuts!!
leneight ratingone Also, would love the ability to customize emotes.
lenfive ratingone Key press sounds are obnoxious.
lenten ratingfour add a hide keyboard button or fix response time please.
lenfour ratingthree Chinese character not included..
lennine ratingfour Would love to see Swype added in the future..
lenthirtyone ratingone This is a huge problem if you have an e-mail address/username/password with periods in them as you have to switch to another keyboard in order to enter them.
lentwentyfive ratingfive however, I would like more themes and maybe something along the lines of Swype to be added in the future for easier one-handed typing.
lentwelve ratingfive One recommendation, allow us to custom color the keyboard would be amazing!
lensix ratingfour I really wish it had emojiis
lensix ratingfive Love it,  but need new themes. :)
lenseven ratingfive Would love the ability to customize themes.
lenfive ratingthree I expected larger theme sets.
lenfour ratingthree Waiting for thai languages.
lenseven ratingfour The themes just seem a bit limited.
lentwentyfour ratingfive I just wish it had third party theme support like many of the others as the built in colors don't match my theme.
lenten ratingfour Im still missing option for Polish dictionary without special characters -
lentwentysix ratingfour i wish to have "normal"  letters only as these additional Polish (it's not common for Polish alphabet) letters take to much data on tex messaging...
lensixtytwo ratingfour Like everything but there is one thing missing what other keyboards have and that is having custom keys for emotion faces and as a 21 century teenager I like to have that option and thinking most teenagers have a smart phone as we are spoilt as hell then I would of thought you would of added this to your app many updates ago!?
lenthirteen ratingfive Guess what u r thinking great app wish u could customize it more
lenseven ratingfour Would be perfect with support for Japanese.
lenfourteen ratingfive Only wish I could customize the skin to match the rest of my phone.
lennine ratingfive Biggest disappointment is the lack of Chinese language support.
lenthirty ratingfive And it's amazing how much SwiftKey is missing out on a 1.2 billion population country, not counting the also very large population outside China who also uses the Chinese language.
lennine ratingfour Only improvement would be the voice to text button.
lenfourteen ratingfour Would rate 5 stars if it had more color customization for the keyboard, more themes.
lenseven ratingthree Predictions are not working in any browser.
lentwentysix ratingfour Good keyboard but the lack of accents is annoying, also that on SMS screen the return / next line button defaults to a smiley, otherwise, great keyboard.
lentwenty ratingthree When I use the phone's built in resizing ability, the keyboard is too large to see all the keys.
lenseven ratingfour I wonder if swipe feature is available.
lentwentyfour ratingfive One thing I'd like to see is for it to change back to the keyboard after hitting the space bar in the "123" screen.
lentwelve ratingfive Love the keyboard would be nice to have themes you can customize.
lensixteen ratingfour But needs to be able to learn words better, or choose to assume curse words manually.
lenfifteen ratingfour My only gripe is that there is no euro key and I live in Spain!
lenseven ratingthree Needs bigger keys and more neon colors.
lenfourteen ratingfour But Three quid is a very steep and would be better with more skins..
lenten ratingfour My main issue with the app is the ugly themes.
lensixteen ratingfour It would be great if there's UNDO, CUT,  COPY, PASTE buttons... and a Swype support.
lentwenty ratingfive Sliding would be a nice extra feature but when a keyboard is this good you don't really need it.
lenthirtysix ratingfour It does consume more battery than my stock but that's okay because it's precise and only wish it had more themes, or new style I check them all out but I don't like.
lenten ratingfour One change I would like to see: support for Japanese.
lenfourteen ratingfour only thing I wish it had the option to swype that would be awesome....
lenseven ratingfour Otherwise more themes and it would Rock!
lenfourteen ratingfive I would like if predictions worked when typing urls into the browser on the gs3.
lennine ratingfive Not much customizations but I'm OK with that.
lentwentyfour ratingfour Emoji all my friends have it on there I phones and I'm missing out on the experience of using it in creative ways
lenten ratingfive Even tho SwiftKey doesn't have that gesture typing feature.
lentwentyeight ratingthree Don't like that some customization options aren't there and that common long press punctuation isn't on the main keyboard, but it's pretty good overall
lenfour ratingone Good engine, poor dictionary...
leneight ratingone Lacks even the most essential words in Danish!
lentwenty ratingfour But needed to have a shortcut key to switch back to stock keyboard so I can typo Chinese on my s3
lenten ratingfour The only thing missing is a swipe kind of input.
lensix ratingfour Needs swype,  sometimes doubles on letters
lensix ratingfour 1. Still hasn't pashto language support.
lenthirteen ratingfour 2. It's limited for 3 languages to same time in Language and layout option.
leneleven ratingfour It makes difficulty for those who are using more than 3 languages.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Since updating to the latest Android on my Samsung nexus s, no matter how many times I switch the keyboard to swift key my phone keeps defaulting back to the standard keyboard.
lentwelve ratingfour I would like it more if it has tailoring for WhatsApp chats!
lenseven ratingfive More keyboard themes would be nice too!
lenseven ratingfour I would like Japanese support as well.
leneighteen ratingfive useful, convenient, such a nice keyboard but hope there will be more language such as Chinese or Japanese.
lentwentyfive ratingfour I know you won't see this, but please please please make an option to take off the pop up letters on each key press.
lenfourteen ratingfive The only qualm I have with it is the layout of the secondary keys.
leneight ratingfive I use the Spanish dictionary more than English.
leneight ratingfour Only wish its tablet counterpart were as intuitive.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Everything looks okay but without Chinese input is funny!...and no Swype input?
lensix ratingfour Do you sp vietnamese lang thank
lentwelve ratingone Can call or swift all they want bur it's no swype
lennineteen ratingfour Love how it works, themes are great, just wish that we could have our own personal dictionary in there.
lentwenty ratingfour Please include an autotext feature, and change the arrow key to the top and it Will be a perfect keyboard
lenseventeen ratingfour Brilliant but doesn't offer suggestions in many situations, such as browser address bars and username fields.
lenfour ratingfive but needs more themes :/
lenfourteen ratingfour Please add this feature, I'm texting a lot with whatsapp over sms/messaging.
lensix ratingthree please please support the 3x4 korean keypad.
lensixteen ratingthree admittedly swiftkey has great english support, but i need to be able to use both languages.
leneighteen ratingthree the only reason that i havent switched to swiftkey over the samsung keyboard is the lack of 3x4 keyboard.
lensixteen ratingone The beta for Thai version expired but there is no introduction of Thai language in sight.
lenthree ratingfive Need for themes!!!!!!
leneight ratingfive Such as iphone theme and Windows Phone theme!!!!
leneight ratingfive "insert dot after pressing double space" is disabled?? ??!!
lenthirteen ratingfour No if it could only play nice with Google's Chrome mobile browser
lenthirteen ratingfour Always double check before tapping the send button...and you'll be fine.
lensixteen ratingfive Love the keyboard so much, but there are only a few skins to choose from unfortunately.
lentwentyseven ratingthree SwiftKey is decent, but its customization options are lacking and I'm not a fan of how close the keys are to one another with no spaces.
lentwentyseven ratingthree If Swiftkey added the split keyboard & a few customization options the prediction engine in Swiftkey may be able to outclass Thumb Keyboard but not at the moment.
lenfive ratingone No supporting for several languages...
lenfourteen ratingthree If they make it so you can personalize the dictionary, I'll redownload it.
lennineteen ratingfour like my title says, this could really use the ability to learn from Google Voice, otherwise very good app!
lenfourteen ratingfive I only wish it had options for alternate keyboards, such as XT9, which I prefer.
lenfifteen ratingfive Brilliant predictive text but needs more customisation options, specifically, mic button, space bar and themes.
leneighteen ratingfour Although other language is supported these two language will make it a complete one single must install app.
lenseven ratingfive Please make the default ICS theme available.
lenfourteen ratingfour Needs ability to quickly and easily add words to a personal dictionary like Swype.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Faroese language is not registered, and I understand why because it is so small, but I wish I somehow could personalize the languages even more.
leneighteen ratingfive The only problem I have, which is not even really a problem, is the lack of this symbol ?
lenfifteen ratingfour The only thing that can make it better for me is if it had Japanese.
lenfive ratingfive PUT SOME NEW THEMES OUT!
leneleven ratingthree But needs more customizable options such as keyboard color and dictionary.
lenten ratingfour For 5 star only need three ability to add custom themes.
lensixteen ratingfour Would love the option to have numbers above the Query like the default Galaxy Note keyboard!
lenfour ratingfive Keep the themes coming
lenten ratingthree My only complaint is the lack of chinese input support.
lentwelve ratingthree Hopefully, we can see chinese language in the language pack support soon.
lenfifteen ratingthree I'm forced to use other keyboards when i need to key in chinese characters.
lentwentytwo ratingthree It used to be the keyboard would recognize common phrases I used and predict the next words fairly accurately, but no more.
lenten ratingthree Might as well not even include the next-word prediction.
lenfive ratingfive Feature request :sync my dictionary.
lenthirteen ratingfour SwiftKey 3 is a great keyboard but some times it auto correct to much.
lenseven ratingfour I wish it had emoji so bad.
lenfive ratingfour Please support Vietnamese and Japanese!!!
lenseven ratingthree When is more themes coming and update
lenfourteen ratingfour Please allow use in places like browser searching and Google play while searching something.
lennine ratingthree Needs a close button though and some more themes
lensix ratingthree Uninstalling until SwiftKey swipe comes out
lentwentyfive ratingfour My only suggestion is that email address input is improved, it auto corrects my email address making it hard to log in to certain websites.
lenten ratingfive Nice word prediction, can't wait for the swipe edition :).
lenthirteen ratingfour I lovee it ,  but can yall make more themes for the keyboard pleassee
leneleven ratingthree Still quite buggy, lags terribly and slows down phone at times.
lentwentysix ratingfour It helps to message really well,  but when it comes to filling up forms online (feedback, etc), the corrected words get inserted all over the place!
leneleven ratingfour (1) somes crashes when cutting/copying text, although it restarts itself in 20sec.
lensixteen ratingfour (3) sometimes locks up so that scrolling through text is lost when exceeds bottom of typing area.
lenfour ratingone Keyboard shuts out randomly..
lensixteen ratingfour It seems to conflict with the carrier (KDDI au) email app in regards to auto-capitalisation.
leneleven ratingfour If switched on the first letter of every word is capitialised.
lenten ratingfour If switched off then first letter is always lower case.
lenfourteen ratingfour If only it didn't become disabled every time I plug my phone in.
lenseventeen ratingfour After a month using it, the keyboard types all over the place, also sending texts before completed.
lentwenty ratingfour I use Google Chrome a lot and it crashes a lot as well and it's because of the keyboard.
leneighteen ratingtwo It's alright I guess but it seems to have a knack for freezing up high end devices
lenseventeen ratingfour Is there a way to improve the speed of closing the keyboard when I exit an app.
lensix ratingfour It always seems to lag behind.
leneleven ratingfour Only gripe is that it crashed on a couple of occasions.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Keyboard will not show when I need to type so I uninstalled and reinstalled and now I cannot download the language pack so it won't let me past the welcome screen.
lenthree ratingthree Lags while typing.
lensix ratingthree Its annoying when it becomes slow
lenfifteen ratingthree The thing I notice most is the removal of swiping backspace to delete a word.
lennine ratingtwo It's so much faster to swipe to type!
lenthirteen ratingtwo Try to type some email addresses and you will know what l mean.
lensix ratingtwo Not all words needs smart space.
lenthirtyeight ratingtwo However, on my new HTC One X (which has a considerably larger and more high resolution screen), I find the small size of SwiftKey to be virtually unusable for me, so I have reverted to the stock keyboard.
lentwelve ratingtwo I have a Samsung galaxy s2 that was constantly crashing, amongst other problems.
lennine ratingone It does the job but has some weird quirks.
leneighteen ratingone U have to triple check all the word predictions and stupid commas when double hitting the space bar.
lensixteen ratingtwo Works well but every time I restart my phone I have to change the keyboard settings.
lenthirteen ratingfive But sometimes I feel it still isn't blending with the OS perfectly.
leneleven ratingone Or when I type an actual word and it corrects it..
lenthirtytwo ratingfour Been waiting for a fix to the default keyboard being selected after reboot (instead of SwiftKey)  and just updated jellybean on my phone to 4.2.1 and it now seems like everything is okay...
lentwelve ratingfour Only problem is it eats up a crap ton of my cpu
leneighteen ratingfour On my new Note 2, I noticed that the keyboard occasionally becomes unresponsive especially the letters O and L.
lentwentythree ratingthree Changed from 5 to 3 starts until the issue where the predictions don't show up after I turn my screen off then on again.
lennineteen ratingfour Best keyboard replacement I have ever used but it keeps popping up with select keyboard in the notification bar
lenfifteen ratingthree I thought it was an ics problem but no other keyboard is lagging like this.
leneight ratingthree Was my standard now too laggy on my GS3.
lenseventeen ratingthree The keyboard is awesome and the features are amazing but recently I've been having keyboard lag.
lensixteen ratingthree There is a slight delay when a hit the keyboard and then the letters show up.
lenfive ratingfive Always reverts to stock keyboard.
lentwenty ratingfour Only thing, every now and then, it won't type, you have to go back to inbox and start again.
lenfive ratingthree Doesn't work on Jellybean.
lentwelve ratingthree Lags a lot and also reverts to Samsung keyboard after every reboot.
lentwenty ratingone Its seems like my sift key hangs completely when i try and type more than 3 words on watsapp, please fix :(
lentwelve ratingfive Evo 3d works awesome, got a new razr max and it is horrible!
lensixteen ratingfive Whatever you did fixed the bug on the razr maxx worked and couldn't be happier!
lenfour ratingthree The question mark change??
lentwentyfive ratingfour With my S3 though, they keyboard tends to freeze alot, and stay held on a button so it types 4 words in a row, or continually deletes.
lennine ratingtwo it slows it down and makes it really laggy.
lenthirteen ratingone Text boxes in browsers are lost under keyboard, as are password & other fields.
lensixteen ratingthree Key press on screen comes after touching the soft key and moving on to the next.
lennine ratingthree Currently running Android 4.1.2 and notice definite lag when typing.
lentwentyone ratingone Now it's slow and laggy, has glitchy predictions (especially when hitting delete/backspace), no theming support, and weird cursor jumping.
lenforty ratingone There is a (known) issue for Jellybean which causes the stock keyboard to reset every time the phone is switched on, so I need to manually go into settings and set keyboard to SwiftKey every time I restart my phone.
lensix ratingfour it butchers words pretty bad sometimes.
lenten ratingfour the keyboard doesn't disappear and appear as it should..
leneleven ratingthree Doesn't learn some of the words that I've type.
leneleven ratingfour When it has 2 languages selected it mostly makes predictions in one
leneight ratingthree Developers need to write better memory / display management.
lenfifteen ratingfour Make it a stand alone button and make sure it works sometimes with Jelly Bean.
lentwentynine ratingfour Unlike the ICS keyboard, backspacing does not get rid of the auto corrected word,  so I'm forced to delete it manually and select it from the suggestion bar.
leneighteen ratingfour it bothers me when I do spell words correctly and it still changes them to an irrelevant word.
leneight ratingone Keyboard keeps resetting back to default on reboot.
leneight ratingfour Love it, but it needs more color selections.
leneleven ratingfive There is a very slight slowdown while typing at times though.
lentwentythree ratingone Entering a period always inserts a space after, which cannot be removed (manually removing the space does not work as it gets reinserted).
leneleven ratingthree Sometimes doesn't work and I have to uninstall and reinstall
leneighteen ratingfour I love this app but after the latest droid update my suggestions no longer show up nor autocorrect.
lenfive ratingfour Has become laggy while typing.
lenfourteen ratingthree Additionally, the default keyboard is often reset to the Android system keyboard upon reboot.
lensix ratingone This app uses 30mb of my ram!!!
lenfifteen ratingfour However it seems to me that it uses a bit much RAM for a keyboard.
lenthirteen ratingfour It needs an Emoji plug in so I can delete garbage go keyboard
lennine ratingthree Uses too much ram and slows down phone drastically
lentwelve ratingthree It also doesn't correct words with a line of under them.
lentwelve ratingthree Predictions are horrible, though enjoyed the added spaces for commas and periods.
lenfortyone ratingthree Its a great app for any tablet or phone, but it will slow down my Nexus 7, I removed the app and my Nexus has been running smoother, fix the performance and I'll be glad to reinstall it on my tablet
lenseventeen ratingfive Lately there's a periodic lag while typing; also not sure about this new smart space thing.
lenseven ratingthree Slow to close when exiting messaging program.
lenfive ratingthree Really bogs the Galaxy S3 down.
lenfourteen ratingone This makes tying incredibly slow ans I reverted back to the normal android keyboard.
leneight ratingfive After updating to 4.1.2 it gives error when installing
lentwentyone ratingtwo Am running ics and it worked good in the 1st couple of days then my phone started to have this hanging problems.
lentwentyeight ratingfour I'll lower my rating to 4 stars since the Jelly Bean bug resetting the keyboard to stock at each reboot has been around for long without being fixed.
lentwentynine ratingfour Does not function properly when my galaxy note 2 is used horisontally to write email on my office email account (exhange server -  using original samsung email app being pre installed) .
leneight ratingfour Text is jumping up and down when writing!
leneleven ratingone Hate hate hate that it inserts spaces when typing an email.
lenfive ratingfive But use alot of ram
lentwentyseven ratingtwo This is the best featured keyboard I've used so far but the lag when typing in many apps makes it almost unusable and very very frustrating.
lenfortythree ratingfour I love the keyboard my only problem with it is when i have it on it doesnt allow for me to get notification noises or vibrations for text messages even though it says that it is set up right and should be working.
lenfifteen ratingfive Prediction better than stock keyboard, but slower at loading keys when need to use it.
lentwentytwo ratingfour Makes typing a lot quicker but word predictions don't seem to work for me when using some apps such as Youtube
lensix ratingone Worked a couple times before crashing.
leneleven ratingone Unusable due to 'network error'	Worked a couple times before crashing.
lentwenty ratingone Now can't get beyond choosing English language download due to 'network error', no matter how good my connection is.
lenthirteen ratingone This app causes forced close crashes with the Al Jazzeera English news app.
lentwelve ratingone When SwiftKey is running the Al Jazzeera app won't even open.
lenfortythree ratingtwo But it adds a space after every punctuation, so it makes it nearly useless if you're picky like me or need to type email address a lot. Until they fix this or add an option to disable it, there are better keyboards.
lenseventeen ratingfour hate the fact that a space automatically equals a period but overall very impressive and worth my $
lenthirteen ratingtwo UPDATE: so many issues with Chrome that have been acknowledged but not fixed.
leneight ratingfive unable to loan the bahasa melayu language pack.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive Probably not SwiftKey's fault, but it there is a new bug on my Nexus S 4G with Jellybean: when the device restarts, it forgets all about SwiftKey and resets to default keyboard.
lentwelve ratingthree This keyboard uses 54mb of ram as opposed to 9mb for the stock keyboard.
lenfive ratingthree Makes your phone much slower.
lenthree ratingthree Freezes a lot!!!
lenfortyfive ratingthree In addition, sometimes the suggested word list disappears until the keyboard is minimized and then brought back up again. This happens on both my galaxy nexus and nexus s and has been happening for the past year despite updates to the app and android os.
lensixteen ratingfive Sometimes though, it lags a little bit but apart from that, couldn't ask for more!
lentwenty ratingfive Not recommended if you're still using Gingerbread -- very sluggish and tends to miss keystrokes, as well as hog memory.
lensix ratingfive Makes my Samsung Nexus actually usable!!
leneighteen ratingfour I could not make full use of this app because it kept on saying "our servers are busy."
lennineteen ratingtwo Type something, select the completion and the current text isn't replaced with the selected word, but removed entirely.
lennineteen ratingtwo Combining multiple languages in one keyboard (one for de/en_US instead of two different) is crap as well.
lenthirtythree ratingone When you are sending an email, if you are in the middle of a word fixing a typo and SwiftKey is suggesting a word, sending the email will send with the word underlined.
lentwentyone ratingthree Originally loved it, it's skipping around when I'm trying to use Chrome and other apps, hopefully this gets fixed
lenthirteen ratingfive Enter key should work as space key, but also inserting a new line.
lensixteen ratingfive For some reason, sometimes inserts a "dot" before a word, and I'm not sure why!
leneleven ratingone ***Still can't save email addresses that have a '-' in them!***
leneight ratingone Also very laggy in landscape mode with GTalk.
leneighteen ratingfour But the cursor tends to jump around in the text box...so you end up quickly typing foolishness.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour It's much better than normal key board but so annoying sometimes the words it just chucks in front of other words before you have even started typing for the next word.
lentwentynine ratingfour The only issue I have is that every time I power down my phone it defaults back to android keyboard and I have to restore SwiftKey as my default.
lenfifteen ratingthree Hides keyboard every so often while typing on S3 and makes screen flash at times :c
lentwentyfour ratingfive Also if I have my main language set to English, Spanish 2nd. Why do you give Spanish preference as soon as I start a word?
leneighteen ratingone The devs did not fix the round brackets in Hebrew for more than a year, it's mirrored.
lentwentyone ratingtwo Good but: when auto-correcting in search box on google home pages, corrections are entered into wrong place not replacing mistake.
lentwentythree ratingtwo Predict doesn't always function	Good for email but the prediction bar doesn't work in many browsers and apps, including Google search.
lenfiftyone ratingtwo Whenever I post on a forum the text field comes up as normal and I begin typing but you can guarantee that at some point during my post composition the cursor will suddenly shoot back to the beginning of the body of text and proceed to type over my opening words!!!
lenfortythree ratingfive Don't know if it's you or Chrome, but typing in a text box and selecting a prediction with the letter I causes the cursor to jump up the text box and type over previous sentences. Examples: I, I've, I'll.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo so when I am typing a text, the auto correct lags behind then inserts the mistake repeatedly back to back. not only that, but by the time it catches up, it has already sent the message.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo additionally, in the chrome browser the keyboard won't let me type in the appropriate space. It starts in the middle of a word or some place random that makes no sense.
lenseven ratingthree There is glitch in voice dictation button.
lennineteen ratingthree The blinking "marker" randomly skips around backwards into the sentences you previously wrote when you try to type sometimes..
lentwentyeight ratingthree And when completing words,  the last letter gets replaced by a blanc space. "like thi ." or the first letter gets dduplicated. (since last update it happens really often) .
lenten ratingone also have the "c-v-b bug" instead of space.
leneleven ratingone After updating to Jelly Bean OTA its so slow to type.
lentwentytwo ratingone Have reinstalled also and done a factory reset. But it always lags so much while typing out anything even on my Galaxy S3...
lenfifteen ratingthree Predictive text feature not working most of the time,  only seems to work when sending.
lentwentythree ratingthree Keyboard will not detect typing field 50% of the time, have to close Google Crome and open several times to enter basic Google search
lennine ratingthree No auto correction or spelling prediction in Polaris office.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Took off a star because if you long press on a key, then move to other keys it will never choose the long press option.
lentwelve ratingfour My LG Lucid upgraded to ics today and SwiftKey has been slow!
lenfourteen ratingthree Such as the keyboard size and the most ssing "b" from the word above.
lenten ratingthree Sweftkey force me to correct words so often is annoying
lenfour ratingfive Nothing more to say
lenthree ratingfive A must have!
lenthree ratingfive this is great!
lenfour ratingfive Works great on the S3!!!
leneight ratingfive It knows what I'm going to say.
lensix ratingfive But now I can't keep.
lenfive ratingfive It really is the best.
lenfour ratingfive No problems at all!
lenfive ratingfour Seems to be all good.
leneight ratingfive I got this and now it works great
lenthree ratingfive I needed it!!
lentwo ratingtwo Not good...
lennine ratingfive If I want that I know were to go..
lenfive ratingtwo It used to work great.
lenfive ratingfive Yes, it's THAT good.
leneight ratingone Mostly because I can't even use it .
lenfour ratingfive Very good works great...
lenfour ratingfive This is a must!
lenfour ratingfive Works great so far.....
lenfive ratingfive I used to think so...
lenfive ratingfive Is the best out there.
lenfive ratingthree Great when it worked though!
lenfive ratingfive No need for that now.
lenfive ratingfour Other than that, very good