lennine ratingfive the full graphic mode is just beautiful to play.
lennine ratingfive game stats n objective are very clear n inspiring.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
leneight ratingfive imangi studios must be rated as top developers
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lennine ratingfive cool game, by having new feautures in temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive wondrful game!
leneight ratingfive love this game very addictive and cool graphics
leneight ratingfive a bit difficult than the earlier one though.
lensix ratingfive awesome sequel for an awesome game!
lensix ratingfive very good game and very addictive.
lensix ratingfive hope t.r 2 will break records
lenthree ratingfive luv this app
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game has great graphics and is just all around fun to play:)
lenthirteen ratingfive i haven't been able to stop playing it since i downloaded it!
lenseven ratingfive better than the first one  awesome graphics
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingfive coming from a guy who didn't care about the first one
lensix ratingfive works well on my galaxy wonder.
lenthirtysix ratingthree the game is great but i can never pass the part when my avi gets in the cart or i don't jnow which way to turn when im near the trees until i get there
lenthirteen ratingthree it's an amazing game, until you use your gems to save you.
lenseven ratingfive awesome features and gaphics on this game !
lentwentythree ratingfive i love this game but it has a minor bug which i really don't mind but other than that i love it.
lensix ratingfive 4 once the praise is worth it.
lenfifteen ratingfive the best game in the world the only problem with me it's too additives
lennine ratingfive the graphics are better and it's more challenging.
lenthree ratingfive jus love it
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
leneight ratingfive amazing graphics, and so much more to explore.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennineteen ratingfour i love the game its amazing its ten times better than the 1 one i hope they make another one.
lenfour ratingfive the game is great.
lenthree ratingfour its real cool .
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first, so addicting
leneight ratingfour inspired by temple run but much better graphics.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone or please tell me what to do!
lenfour ratingfive this game is great
lensix ratingfive it's so good im speechless
lenten ratingfive i would recommend playing it over most of their games .
lentwentythree ratingthree one moment i'm taking a turn in the woods and the next i'm sliding under walls and fire like i teleported.
lentwo ratingfive more challenging!
leneighteen ratingfive but the gameplay is originally new in itself and yet, very different from gameplay of the original game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome gameplay
lenten ratingfive never thought it would run on desire hd so smoothly.
lentwo ratingfive awesum game.
lenthree ratingfive beyond my expectations
lenfive ratingfive das ist ein super spiel.
lenseven ratingfour is there any chance to improve it?
lenfive ratingfive the game is awesome guys.
lenfour ratingfive superb game great job
lenfour ratingfive it replaced subway surfers.
lenfive ratingfive incredibly fun and addictive! :d
lenfour ratingone please fix it asap!
leneight ratingfour awesome game i cant stop playing it :d
lennine ratingfive i can't believe how great this game is
lenthree ratingtwo irritatd me alot.
lensix ratingfour gets me killed a couple times.
lenthree ratingfive 5stars for the game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game. .
lenten ratingfour better graphics and more variation makes tr2 better than its predecessor.
lennineteen ratingfive i've played the first and i have to say, there are alot of things better about this one.
lensix ratingfive it is too addicting for me.
lenthree ratingfive really cool game.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenseven ratingtwo sorry but the original is way better :)
lenseventeen ratingfive i see that this game is amazing and i love the way u go in the mine
leneight ratingone please fix and i will change my rating.
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game with superb graphics it has bcum from best to bestest.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the  first temple run.
leneleven ratingone my sister has a tab and the cave works on that.
lenten ratingfive great game and very nice upgrade from the previous version!
lenfive ratingfive splendid graphics and fast gameplay.
lensix ratingfive waaay more interesting than the first.
lensix ratingfive just download this game is amazing!
lenfourteen ratingfive customisation, art, level variation, this is a definite improvement on an already great game.
lenfour ratingfive u guys nailed it.
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing and is the  nexus 7
lenseven ratingone also i have a galaxy s vibrant 1
lenfour ratingfive itsss a grrrtt game
lenfour ratingfive runs great on note 2.
lenten ratingfive best graphics that i have seen in an android game.
lennine ratingfour very fun but ive found a bunch of bugs.
lenfive ratingfive it was fun and challing
lenfive ratingfive best game in the market.
lenfour ratingfive keeps on getting better!
lentwentyone ratingfour other than that though, zip lines are great fun, the unlockables feel good in speed, and the power meter is great.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so fun.
lentwelve ratingfive it reminds me of the original version but has new, exciting twists! :)
leneight ratingfour played the game before in my friends ipod.
lentwo ratingfour cool game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is alwsome
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever!
lenten ratingfive game came a long way keep up the good work!
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooo much.
lenfour ratingfive it so fun challenging.
lensix ratingfive this game is very good game
lenseven ratingfour thanks, and the graphics are amazing btw
lennine ratingfive its a great game, better than the first one!
leneight ratingfour i luv it but it needs more work
lenfive ratingfive cant wait for new content.
lenthree ratingthree but overall fine
lensix ratingthree game play and graphics are excellent.
lentwo ratingfour nyc game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive stop looking at the same gameplay, but the curves in the gameplay, the sharper graphics, for petes sake, you even ride a railroad cart in your run!
lenten ratingfive not a big gamer myself, but addicted to this one!
leneight ratingfive the game is the best game in universe.
lenthree ratingfive love the improvements.
lennine ratingfive nice but very hard anyway i love this game ?
lensix ratingfive i liked the first one better.
leneleven ratingone it might just be my device a hacked nook tablet lol
lentwo ratingfive sexy game
leneleven ratingfour this game is an awesome remake of the original temple run.
leneight ratingfive absolutely great very fun no lags or shutdowns.
lenfour ratingthree really want to play.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive very addicting.
lenfive ratingfive that rope jumping is awesome.
lensix ratingfive totally am giving 5+ for this game
lenfive ratingfour far better dan temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive run fast
lenfourteen ratingfour this is highly frustrating, especially since my little sister and i love this game.
leneight ratingfive 100% should get if you liked the original game.
lentwo ratingfive option added.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive!
lenseven ratingfive as addictive as the first, but better
lensixteen ratingfive beast of this message is a good morning show up a few minutes a great clips
lensix ratingfive "is a cool game for me"
lensix ratingone atleast the last one was playable!
leneleven ratingfive i swear its one of the best apps on the market
lenseven ratingfour love they included ziplining in it also.
lenthree ratingfive love this 2nd coming.
leneight ratingfive its  a lil harder but challenging is good
lentwo ratingtwo fun game
lenfifteen ratingthree i wouldn't care as much if i didn't need them for a challenge.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lennine ratingfive hope temple run 3 will be more and more exciting
lenfive ratingfour its just more fun absolutely
leneight ratingfive its way better than the first temple run.
lenten ratingfour it's harder than the first one, but pretty good.
leneleven ratingfour this game is very fun but the missions get really hard
lenseven ratingfive it's more adventurous awesome graphics:-d
lennine ratingfive just love to play  it's like addiction part 2
lentwo ratingfive extremely addictive!
lenseven ratingone i want to play it so bad!
leneight ratingfive the bestest game temple run 3 should also release
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive kya game he bhai
lenfour ratingfive sexo love it mahnnnn
leneight ratingfive it's more addictive then the first one  :-)
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lennineteen ratingfour i don't like as much as the original, but fun ansi nice change of scenery from the original
lenfive ratingfour better graphics with less lagging.
lenseven ratingfive gr8 work by the team of temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfour i like it thats all i can say, its alot more challenging to play
lenthree ratingfive awesome new version
leneleven ratingfive good graphics as compare to temple run n all new game
lenthree ratingfive very nice graphics
lensixteen ratingfive awesome improvements in the game o,o i mean like everything in it improved as well.
lennineteen ratingfive it's an amazing game awesome graphics and i think everybody should play it and love the gigantic monkey
lenten ratingfive we have an ongoing battle, i'm winning for now.
lenfourteen ratingfive as addictive as its predecessor but more interesting not the same old pathway anymore.
lensix ratingfive this is what we call awesome.!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenten ratingfour a fascinating adventure that makes you run for your life!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneight ratingfive best game for him and i to play.
lentwelve ratingfive all my kids and myself have a great time playing temple runi 2.
lenfive ratingthree i love the new graphics.
lenseven ratingfive soooo much better than the first one
lenfourteen ratingfive at first it was kind of confusing but now its awsome and very addicting.
lenthirteen ratingfive overall it is a great game but there are still a few bugs.
lentwelve ratingfour would be five but i honestly think the first one is better.
leneight ratingfour buti love the game it is really fun!
lenfive ratingfive my favorite game hands down.
lenfive ratingfive graet work i give 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive it's fantastically amazingly awesomely addictive app!
lentwo ratingfour great game !
lensix ratingfive # 2 is soooo much better than one.
lenfourteen ratingthree is ugly and bland but that's most likely intentional to make it tougher.
lenthree ratingfive very fun game :)
lenseven ratingfour just a little more difficult,super fun
lenseven ratingfive this version makes it bit more challenging .
lenthree ratingone 3rd worlds worst game
lensix ratingfive its gud to play  adventures temple run2
lenfour ratingfive i like sooooooooooooooooo much
leneleven ratingfive only thing is that it feels to in rewarding after each.
lennine ratingfive best game copy of subway sufers but  best game
lensix ratingfive simply awesome and highly addictive game.
lenseventeen ratingfive and the improved game play is what keeps you feel like you r really into the game.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenfour ratingfive super duper awesome game.
lenthree ratingfour i was wrong :)
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is great and only has a few bugs i can see.
lenfive ratingfive great game, love the graphics !
lenseven ratingfive great game for kill my boring time.
lensix ratingfour smoother than the original temple run.
lensixteen ratingfour the only app which i have not used to turn up in my battery usage list.
lennine ratingthree other than that, it's a great app thanks
lenfour ratingfive this looks alot funner
lennine ratingfour great graphics, nice gameplay, addictive as part 1, enjoying it.
leneleven ratingfive very good and better then the first one with better graphics
lenseven ratingfive cant wait to see whats next guys.
lennine ratingfive love the leveling up system makes it very challenging.
leneight ratingfour i lik it its really fun nd awsom
lenthree ratingfive download this game
lenthree ratingfive very enjoyable game
lenfive ratingone my fav game by far.
lenthirteen ratingfive man this game is the bomb couldn't stop playen after first try
lentwelve ratingfive kinda frustrating since it's my first time playing but worth it ^_^
lenfour ratingfive great fun for everyone.
lentwelve ratingfive if you like part one part two will be your new favorite.
lenfive ratingfive improved graphics and more addicting!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive works better in low end devices
lenfour ratingthree besides that, solid game.
lenfour ratingfive great game great graphics
leneight ratingtwo plz help cuz i absolutely love this game!
lentwelve ratingfour i'm not a tech expert but i enjoy the game play.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
leneight ratingfive still the best running game i ever played.
lenten ratingfour its nice, different then one but could be more better.
lenfive ratingfive better than temple run1 high score-32541112.
lenfour ratingfive this game is nice .
lenfour ratingfive come download n play
lenfive ratingfour good app, feel so real
lenthree ratingfive meets the expectations.
lenseven ratingfive really loving it getting addicted to it
lenfour ratingfive cant stop plaging it!
lenseven ratingfive and difficult which i love to play!
lensix ratingfive good job for the new graphics. :)
lenfour ratingfive the game is great
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and challenging
lensix ratingfour it's a very beautiful game.
lenfive ratingfour alot of stuff goes wrong.
lenfour ratingfive great job, thank you!
lentwelve ratingfive nice edition as the second one actually became better than the first!
leneight ratingfive a superior game as is to be expected!
lenfour ratingfive youve to try this.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive !
leneight ratingfour but in sum up its a gud game. :-)
lenseven ratingfive this game gives me a real feeling.
lenthree ratingfive imagine temple run 3!
lenfour ratingfive its a great game!
lentwo ratingfive thx bros
lenfive ratingfive graphics and editions are awsum
lenseven ratingfour game looks good but its too rough.
lensixteen ratingone i bet it would be a cool game but i can't see that for myself!
lenfive ratingfive sweet gfx and addiction gameplay
lentwentythree ratingfive in reaching this milestone, the hot action game topped the previous record holder, angry birds space, which rocketed to 50 million downloads in 35 days.
lennine ratingfive wow this game is awesome i love this game.
lenfive ratingtwo am sticking with temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game.
lenthree ratingfive played on ios.
lenfive ratingone nothing changed form the 1st one
lenseven ratingfive brillant game myself n kids love it
leneight ratingfive this is not just another endless running game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i never thought that there could be a better game than temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive its a fun game new things u can do, new people, and more.
lensix ratingfive much improved from the old version.
lentwo ratingfive temple run  2
lenten ratingfive in my opinion better than the first by long shot.
lenfive ratingfive it's cool and awsome
lenfour ratingfive nice concept of jewels
lentwentysix ratingfive i'm happy that android was not pushed aside like it was with the first temple run, and the game runs smooth for the most part.
lentwelve ratingfive you're suspended up in the air, so it's more suspenseful.
lentwo ratingfour great job!
lensix ratingone worst game ever rather be playing cod2or1
lensix ratingfive great for an android/smart phone
lentwentyone ratingfive here 5 stars for your great efforts guys keep it up and great graphics there to saw thanks for this great games
lentwo ratingfive run away!
lenthree ratingthree try again please.
lenfour ratingfive the sequel is excellent!
lentwo ratingfive awlaaaa game
leneight ratingthree other than than that, game is really great.
lentwo ratingfive nicr app
lennine ratingfive very addictive like the old one but more difficult.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game like all temple run games
lentwelve ratingfour in iphone its working fine so they are able to score high.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingfive and as the reviews shows it is really excellent.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenseven ratingfive cool game,i love to play it
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics .
lensix ratingfive it is very fun and exciting.
lenfour ratingfive give it five stars
lenseven ratingfive its great i could play all day
lensix ratingthree this nice and i love it
lenten ratingfive awsome this game is amazing and it moved my heart
lenfive ratingfive beat me high score of 6,000,000
lenseventeen ratingfive its so fun i play it all the time on my samsung tablet, and t works great!
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive totally awesome game :-d
lenthirteen ratingfive the other clones of this game are no where compared to this one!
lentwelve ratingthree not better than original temple run make temple run 3 worth while   .~mkz
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive i love it good game.
lenfour ratingfive the best phone game
lensix ratingfive great game cant wait for three
lentwo ratingfive absolutely fantastic
lenfive ratingfour pls help what to do.
lenseven ratingfive much improved action over the first one.
lensix ratingfive more exciting than the last installment
lenten ratingfour i think it bril but i have trouble at corners
lenten ratingfive the added background and movement are really nice as well.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenten ratingfour he doesn't jump as high as in the first.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingone otherwise, i'll stick with temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive great fun and perfect sequel to the original.
lennineteen ratingfive it doesn't lag at all in my lg l3 much better than temple run 1 as it used to lag
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensix ratingfive the grandkids ask have it too
lenfourteen ratingfour for an android game its good but would love to see it polished completely.
lensix ratingfour cool game, tougher challenges no doubt
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
lenseven ratingfour really a good game with impressive graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive fun to play and it keeps me entertained when i'm bored.
leneight ratingfive now with update running smoothly temple run rocks
lensix ratingfive graphics are very good, its almost 3d.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game .
lentwo ratingthree ok game
lenthree ratingfive great improvement from tr1.
lentwo ratingfive intrested game
lentwelve ratingfive for all the hard work made i will give that hats off.
lennine ratingfive thanks for updating it now i can see evergthing
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lensix ratingfive i love this game ahhh  awesome
lentwelve ratingfive i would be interested to see the scores everyone are averaging on.
lenfour ratingfive this game too awsome
lennineteen ratingfive this game is so simple to just pick up and play, and the coin system keeps you coming back.
lenthree ratingfive definitelya must play!
lenseven ratingone repeated emails to the developer are ignored.
lennine ratingfive this game is way better then the first one.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game way better than the regular temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great great
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive brooklynn harris
lentwelve ratingfive it is a good game it is just my phone is bad
lensixteen ratingone it makes me sad because i am actually a huge fan of the temple run series.
lenfive ratingfour again done a good job.
lentwo ratingfive itssss awesome!
lennine ratingfour i enjoy the graphic options and the characters too  :-)
lenthree ratingfive betterthan first version,.
lensix ratingfive def better then the first one!
lentwo ratingfive sooo cool.
lenten ratingfive i can believe the change from temple run 1 to this.
lenthree ratingone screw this game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneight ratingfive one of the finest games ever on mobile.
lenten ratingthree fix this problem please and i'll change my rating.
lenfour ratingfive it is so real.
lensix ratingfive like i am in the game.
lenseven ratingtwo the game environment makes difficult playing it.
lensix ratingfive aussum game i m loving it
lennine ratingfive imangi has done it again, this game is great.
lenseven ratingone bakwas as compared to temple run first
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive fantastic graphics, hardly any ads, but time flies when you're playing as sooooo addictive!
lensix ratingfive great game ,i have ever played
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lenseven ratingfour otherwise i love the gameplay new content.
lenfourteen ratingfive graphic are very awesome, i like the tunnel part & rope one frist class game
lenfour ratingfive mine cart is awesme
lenfour ratingfive superb game, recommended download
lenthree ratingfive weel don.o:-)
lenfour ratingfive awesome and excited game
lenthirteen ratingfive it's the most addictive game, and so different from the first one:-)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive its free and awesome !
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingone i will change to 5 stars when i can play.
lenfive ratingfive the game play is super.
lenfour ratingfive very nicely built game.
lenfive ratingone doesnt work plz fix it
lenseven ratingfive sgs3 - great, last update fixed lots of glitches.
lensix ratingfive this game is alot of fun!
lenfour ratingfive no issues with game.
lenseven ratingfive make sure you temple 3 but great job
lenfive ratingfive at school , we have contests .
lensix ratingone no response from support 2 days later.
lennine ratingfour much more challenging which lacked in the other game.
lenfive ratingthree good bit better then temple run1
lenfour ratingfive subway surefurs or temple 2
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun!
lenfour ratingfive good game nice work
lennine ratingtwo i don't get was is fun about it
lentwo ratingfive fresh game
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and great features
lenfour ratingfive y tiene cool graphics
lenfour ratingfive this app is amazing!
lentwelve ratingfour still a great game, but it's over for me too soon.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive this game deserves more than five stars.
leneleven ratingfive its better than the first and is like having 3 games in 1!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love this game i like it better than temple run this is very fun i hope they make a temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingfive very addicting and a great improvement to the amazimg temple run game.
lenfive ratingthree a far less frustrating experience.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingthree i like temple run.
lentwo ratingfive awesum timepaas
lenseven ratingfive its fun better than the old one
lenfour ratingfive excellent game, good fun
lenseven ratingfive best game ever nothing more to say!
lennine ratingfive very vey nice we can enjoy full time pass
lenthree ratingfive deserves a 5 star
lentwo ratingfive addict game.!
lenfour ratingfour i lvd dis gme
lennine ratingfive simply awesome cant get my hands off this game
lennine ratingfive but other then that i do enjoy playing it :)
lenfour ratingfive its a good game.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lennine ratingfive i love it my favorite part is the gems.
leneleven ratingfive leaps and bounds better than all the other games like it.
lentwelve ratingtwo i truly love this game its just stops working on my phone
lenthree ratingfive better then temp 1.
lentwo ratingfive nc game
lenten ratingfive the graphics are gorgeous, and performance is great (on a sphd710).
leneleven ratingfive i tried very much to complete this but still i cant
leneight ratingfive good job guys , i love to play this .
lenseven ratingfive just play it to feel the excitement.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive the game is really good, it has more content than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive dope game!
lenten ratingfive this game is a must have for all android user.
lenseven ratingfive good graphics, and simple but addictive gameplay.
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi.
lensixteen ratingfive i refused to delete the game and leave a comment because  i knew tr2 would only improve.
leneight ratingfive the temple run 2 is really improved then temple run1.
lenseven ratingfive this is awesome and mind blowing game.
lensix ratingfive its an addictive and fun game.
lennine ratingfive ok but toooo many obticles come up so fatly
lensix ratingfive fun game to pass the time.
lenseven ratingfive and i love the added features too.
lenfour ratingfive its lot of fun.
lenfour ratingfive epic discrobes it all
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and fun game.
lenseven ratingfive better than the first love the upgrades.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenseven ratingfive a great sequel to an addictive game.
lenfive ratingfive so fun and very addictive
lenfive ratingfive better than 1st.a great sequel
lensix ratingfive really nice game and awesome graphic
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour its really nice game.
lensix ratingfour have fun with this running games
lenthirteen ratingfour in this version you can only unlock scarlet, barry bones, and karma lee.
lenfive ratingfour graphics have been improved much.
lenfour ratingfive i simply love it!
lenseven ratingfive hope it a fun game to play
lenten ratingfive this version is an absolute delight from the previous version.
lenthree ratingfive addicting game:d
lentwo ratingfive favourite game!
lennine ratingfour it is fun and i have to play it
lenseven ratingfour overall it's a lot of fun.
lenfive ratingfive this game is totaly awesome.
leneleven ratingthree this is most often rivers, followed immediately by the rotating spikes.
lenfive ratingfive good game i recomend it
lenfive ratingfour i like it its cool
lentwo ratingfive wow fun
lenthree ratingone help someone smart.
lentwelve ratingfive i always play this game on my free time, very good sequel
lenfive ratingone hope this gets fixed soon!
lentwo ratingfive fun ish
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenseven ratingfive big step up from temple run original.
leneight ratingfive amazing game great upgrades and pretty good graphics
lenfour ratingthree im enjoying this game.
lenfour ratingfive i realy like it
leneleven ratingfive been playing and competing with friends ever since it came out.
lennine ratingfive just three words to explain  amazing great n awesome.
lenfive ratingfive its a great fun game!
lennine ratingfive its is better than templerun in case of graphics.
lenten ratingfive but the guy should run faster as in temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive it would make the game better than temple run in every aspect.
lenfive ratingfour there are major improvements over tr1.
lensix ratingfive i have to play trample run2.o:-)
lenfour ratingfive superb nd excellent game
lensix ratingone i contacted imangi inquiring about it.
lennine ratingthree runs smoother than temple run 1  nice new concepts used.
lenthirteen ratingthree i play on a s3 and i say that the game is very fun.
lenten ratingfive this is one of the best game i ever played.
lenthree ratingfive very good graphics.
lenfour ratingfive far better than part 1.
lenfive ratingfive much better than 1, so addictive!
lensix ratingfive awsom.game.lauch temple run 3 soon
lenthree ratingfive reli good game.
lennine ratingfive this one is tough but it remains an addiction.
lenfour ratingfour i still like de 1st 1
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive it is just an awesome game!
lensixteen ratingfive i think this is the best working game on android, the negative point: its too addicted
lenseven ratingfour great graphics and new kinds of obstacles.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive nice i loved
leneight ratingfive is better of temple run i, more options
lentwentyfour ratingfive i never in stalled the first one because i played it on other peoples phones and i saw this one and its way better!
lenten ratingfive i love this game, thanx for fixing the problem! -jenna
lennine ratingfive great game, 1 of the best running games out there
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive and the graphics are better than expected.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely fantastic!
lenfifteen ratingfive it doesnt lag on my pone as much and the graphics are much more exciting.
lenfourteen ratingfive so one day i'm just playing the good old temple run,  when bam!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive finally deserves the full 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome!
lenthree ratingfive exciting fun game!
leneight ratingfive great game better graphics and a bigger monkey
lensix ratingfour before the update i was level 6?
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfour game s very nice to play.
lenfour ratingfour still hvg few bugs.
lenseven ratingfour gr8 app way much btr dan temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive great game better sequel
leneight ratingfive can't ask for more from this game.
leneleven ratingfive i love temple run 1 & 2 and i think everyone sholud have it!
lenfive ratingfive clever tricks, traps and surprises.
lenfour ratingfive lovin da new templerun.
lenfifteen ratingfive objectives are specific when u r playing game more conscious about the given objectives only.
leneight ratingfive loved the first one love the second one
lenfour ratingfive so please download it.
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive game regardz.
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lentwo ratingfive better game
lenfour ratingthree plz fix it fast.
lenseven ratingfive excellent game, much better than the first
lensixteen ratingfive its excellent i cant belive the quality its better that temple run 1 everyone get this app !
lenfour ratingfive great follow up game.
lenfive ratingfive love all the new stuff.
lensixteen ratingfive the first one was great, but i have to say i do like this one better.
lensix ratingthree other than that its pretty fun.
lennine ratingfive much better then the first,the graphics are amazing!
lensix ratingone i have the samsung galaxy s 4g.
lenfifteen ratingfive very well done, lots of fun and runs great at full quality on my note 2.
leneight ratingfive this is a really fun game to play
lentwelve ratingfive it is a awesome game and its better than the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfive if you already run the 10 million you still haver to do it again
lensix ratingfour it is better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive i am experiencing no lag issues and it's a great game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfour the game is just simply awesome!
lenfour ratingfive the complete tample run.
lensix ratingfour i love love love this game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneleven ratingfive very nice game to play when i was its too good.
lennine ratingfive even better than temple run 1 i love this game!
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game and so much more fun than the first temple run.
lennine ratingfour i love that there are no or little ads.
lenfive ratingfive vvvvvvvip games i love it
lenfive ratingfive super game i love it
lensix ratingone please i want play this games,,,,!
lennine ratingfive very very nice i cannot stop to play thanx
lensix ratingfive nice addition to the last one
lenthree ratingfive great great great
lensix ratingfive works well, addictive, fun, well presented.
lensix ratingfive brilliant love this game sooo much!
lenfour ratingfive i love thus game
lenten ratingfive this app is 1 of the greatest i love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive i was addicted to the first temple run and now i'm addicted to this!
lentwo ratingfour good game.
lenseven ratingfour bit repetitive but a great time waster
lenseven ratingfive i like it but its really confusing.
lennine ratingfive thx  best game i ever played in my life .
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive loce the improved graphics
lenten ratingthree fun and good improvememts from original but still seeing bugs.
leneight ratingfive best game i played in a long while
leneight ratingfive wanna give big hug to this software devoloper
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwentythree ratingfive great graphics, very addictive, awesome recommended it to all my friends and they installed it and said it was awesome so well done!
lennine ratingfive way better than temple run fully upgraded no problem
lenseven ratingfive i love this game best game ever
lenfive ratingfive nice games very,,,very nice
lenfour ratingfive could play all day.
lensix ratingfive graphics and animations are too good.
lensix ratingfive so much better than temple run
lenfive ratingfour seems pretty cool, faster too !
lenseven ratingfour so awesome way better then the other!
leneight ratingfive but i still like the first one better.
lenseven ratingfive perfect one hand game to kill time.
lenthree ratingfive new paths, features.
lensix ratingfive this is a near-perfect game.
lenseventeen ratingfive sure it tells u how to play but i luv it and u will luv it to!
leneighteen ratingfour this is a great game even better than normal temple run thought that couldn't get any better
lenfive ratingfive super awsome cant wait for tr3 !
lenfour ratingfour overall a good game.
lenseven ratingfive better and more addicting then the first!
lenfour ratingfive mister jones good  game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingone the game itself is fine.
lentwelve ratingfive i think temple run 2 is a great experience all the way through!.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive passes down time very well!
leneleven ratingfive u dont even have to buy anyything like in other games
lenfive ratingfour the first is way better.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for sharing this
lenseven ratingfive the o's will not stop finishing.
lennine ratingfive better than the first, and the first was great.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfour have played my battery out more than once.
lenfive ratingfour tried this and its addicting.
lennine ratingfour a lot of solid improvements over the last version.
lenfive ratingfive i like the new monkey.  !
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run!
lennine ratingfive really a great ga,e , ,   enjoy it very much
lenfive ratingfour i really like this game.
lenfour ratingfive really fun and addicting
leneleven ratingone i up loaded the game and it is tons of fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive this is an excellent sequel to the other temple runs.
lenten ratingtwo the first one is better more understanding and kid friendly!
lenthree ratingfive addicting and simple.
lenfive ratingone emailed customer support on friday 2/8.
lenfour ratingfive greatt i love it !
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun!
leneight ratingfive but the bad part is losing the game.
lenfour ratingfive game is mindblowingly awesome.
lenseven ratingfive easy without being too simple, quite addictive!
leneleven ratingfive the best game app i have found for free so far.
lenten ratingfive im enjoying it more than before and its more addictive
lenseventeen ratingfour temple run 2 is a combination of subway surfer, agent dash and rail rush (according to my knowledge).
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingone really diappointed by this app :(
lentwelve ratingfive this is one of the best games on the google play store
lennine ratingone i have refrained from giving it a bad rating.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive one of the most addicting games.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i must say, this is absolutely one of the best phone games out there, it is very fun and easy, yet frustrating and hard.
lensix ratingfour a lot better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive wayyy better than the first one!
lenseven ratingfive better than the first-just as fun.
lentwo ratingfive loooveee iittt!
lenthree ratingfive love the upgrade
lenthree ratingfive freaking awesome game
lentwelve ratingfive great update,  graphics are awesome and its rum smooth on the note 2
lentwenty ratingfive there is not many games i can actually get hooked up with but this one is a nice time killer
lennine ratingthree this is a better iteration than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive diss gamee is cool
lenfive ratingfive i am enjoying this game.
lensixteen ratingfour it runs smoother than the earlier version on my samsung galaxy s. the interface is good.
lentwelve ratingfour but there are some glitches also which i would like to highlight.
lennine ratingfive i just installed the aps wanted to enjoy it
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, i love to play it!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingone great first impression.
leneleven ratingthree f u guys and shame on you for ripping people off.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome!
lenseven ratingone subway surfer is better than temple run !
leneleven ratingfive its great so play it have fun but   watch your head
lenfive ratingfive it fun and its free
lenthree ratingfive bored at home?
lenfourteen ratingone gutted as i can only play it on my friends phone, not my own.
lentwelve ratingfive i can actually spend my 30 minutes break at working playing something useful.
lentwo ratingfive nice improvement
leneleven ratingfive great game, i've wasted a lot of hours playing it.
lensixteen ratingthree if you can do this then u will get the 5 stars that this game deserves :p
lenten ratingfive just installed on my galaxy s2 and it is pure fun.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the graphics are beyond amazing, i like that there is more to the game like the tunnels and swining from the rope.
lenfive ratingfive d most awesome game ever!
leneighteen ratingfive its really good and better than the 1st one and the best game on google play which is free
lenseven ratingthree even though i've 5 lakh lifetime coins.
lenfour ratingfour otherwise it's awesome!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingone looks like it is common on this phone model.
lenthree ratingfour good addictive fun
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfour ratingfive wonderful game thanks  guys.
lenfour ratingfive i like the variation!
lenfourteen ratingfive the first one is still a great game, and this one will be too.
leneight ratingfive very fine to play temp 2 it is enjoying
lenthree ratingfive wao amazing app.
lensix ratingfive my phone is supporting this app.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome
lensix ratingfive very fun, would suggest to everyone.
lentwelve ratingtwo have emailed devs, hopefully they can fix so i can change to 5stars.
lenthree ratingfive intresting game guys.
lenseven ratingfive works perfect on mt sony xperia sola
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it:)
lenfour ratingfive °_?the game is fun!
lenfifteen ratingfive no problems encountered, well done imangi in making a more successful game than the original :)
lenfour ratingfive very thrilling and addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is how free games with additional pay content should all be done.
lenfourteen ratingfour even my mum who doesn't usually play video games goes crazy for this!
lentwelve ratingfive runs smoothly on a high end android, and the colors really pop.
lenthree ratingfive best game ever.
lenten ratingfive super addictive n a whoke lot better than part one
leneight ratingfive game looks better and graphics run decently smooth.
lenseven ratingfive it actually is very good before update
lentwo ratingfive goooood gaaaaame.
lenseven ratingfour very good fun game, better than one.
lenseven ratingfive i am completely addicted to the game!
lenfour ratingfive love it so addictive
lentwelve ratingfour other than that, anyone can be glued to the screen with this!
leneighteen ratingfive love it, high score of 5 million so far (no gems), hoping to max skills and go for 10 or 20mil.
leneleven ratingfive i like a lot really fun love the ziplines really fun
leneight ratingfour so don't set it to highest visuals!
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is quite astonishing,packed with vivid colors and multiple seens this game is truly the number one hit in the image industry.
lennine ratingfive this is a better version than the old one
lensix ratingfive the best games i played ever.
lenfive ratingfive i love it works great
lensix ratingone game is really good and awesome!
lenfour ratingfive its very time paas
lenthree ratingfive one word-class!
lensix ratingfive i realy want to enjoy it .
lennine ratingfive it's a way much better than previous one.
lenten ratingfive for me, temple run 2 is the best android game ever!
lentwenty ratingfive its great than predecessor temple run 1 but temple run 3 is much more awesome its called templerun brave 69p is worth it
leneighteen ratingfour good game, though i'm at level 8 right now and the achievements are too hard and not fun.
lensix ratingfive seriously this game is so addicting.
lenseven ratingfive is a very fun and interesting game.
lentwo ratingfive super addicting!
lennine ratingfive the gems collet life time and much more objectives
lensix ratingfive this new version is muy buena
leneight ratingfour great new features water falls and rope sliding.
lenthree ratingfive zip lines , amazing.
lennine ratingfive simply awsome loads of expectarion feom the next one.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i knew how much time i'd waste on this so i bought a few in app purchases to support the devs.
lenseven ratingfive awesome app big fan of temple run
lensix ratingfour how bad is this game is.!
lenseven ratingfive i love this game and its graphics
leneleven ratingfive i dident know how it could get better but it did!
