lenten ratingfour The only thing needed is swype to make it complete :)
leneleven ratingfour When it has 2 languages selected it mostly makes predictions in one
lentwentyeight ratingfour Great app very easy to use and I love the level of customisation but is does suffer from over sampling the keystrokes while the phone is being charged.
lenten ratingfour Otherwise perfect, although this is kind of a big deal.
leneight ratingfour I could not even personalize my writing style.
leneleven ratingfive I want it to be able to learn from whatsapp too!
lensix ratingfour please add emojis and other stuff
lentwentyfour ratingfive You might also have to change a few small settings to taylor it how you want it to auto space, period, and what not.
lenseventeen ratingthree Currently messes up when trying to type comments, messages etc on the mobile website version of Facebook.
lensixteen ratingthree It would be better if it could be used on Google Search and on my browser.
leneight ratingfour I just wish it worked on my Facebook..
lentwenty ratingtwo but lags like hell often when u wake up the phone after deep sleep and feel like smashing my phone ..
lenthirteen ratingfour Great app but needs to be a little more customizable, or more themes.
lenseventeen ratingfour Also, a selection of copyright and trademark symbols , ?, this very important key is currently; hard to find.
lentwentyfour ratingfour This vital key should be front and center considering the level of proprietary issues, that arise; daily, from social media postings; from general observational
leneleven ratingthree And now it doesnt want to download the english or spanish
leneleven ratingfour Is there anyway swift key can create a red color theme?
lenthree ratingone Watsapp conflict + more
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard is great, but hard to use with one hand.
leneight ratingfive Only thing missing for me is a <3 emoticon.
lenfour ratingone Punctuation key is annoying.
lennine ratingone Please give option for tighter or old keyboard layout.
lenfive ratingone Arrow keys are unnecessarily large.
lensixteen ratingfour 1. Predictive text would be great while typing at anytime on the phone, not just for sms.
lenten ratingone The whole number/symbol entry screen needs to be redone.
lenseventeen ratingthree But one major flaw on this for a fast typer is the lack of MULTI TOUCH support.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree And for god sake why don't you put an option to turn off "family filter" so i can write properly instead of seeing duck everytime i want to write something else.
lentwelve ratingfive I wish you could still use swype but everything else is AWESOME
lenfifteen ratingfour Wish I had options to make font larger on the keys, like A.I. Keyboard.
leneight ratingfive Wish the keyboard could show Gtalk's emoticons.
lentwentytwo ratingfive If there is a negative comparing the 2 it would be the lack of customisation compared to smart keyboard pro, which is endless!
lenfifteen ratingfour It would also be nice to have more themes or support for third party themes.
lenten ratingtwo Why isn't the predictive typing working in dolphin browser?
lenten ratingfive I like swype but the space bar is too small.
lentwentyone ratingfive Here's any idea you guys should come out with different key board themes for each holiday like if you agree
lenthirtyfive ratingthree It would be good if this paid for app would be a bit more configurable ie allow me to add an apostrophe on the main keyboard rather than have to go to the supplementary one
lenthirteen ratingone Smilies as default on the enter key are a deal breaker for me.
lenfifteen ratingfive Love the keyboards just Wish I could change typing sounds other than that great app!!
lenseven ratingfour Wish they had some better looking themes
lentwelve ratingfive Only thing missing is Welsh lang. Basque, Catalan, Galician, Icelandic... no Welsh?
lenfive ratingone Add Jelly Bean emoji support!
lenfive ratingfour Add more keyboard skins please!!!
lentwentyone ratingfive The update killed it on my thunderbolt. :( it says its turned on but I only get factory keyboard when I type
leneighteen ratingfive I just wish they had more language options like Japanese and Chinese, which I hope will come soon.
lenten ratingfive I'm hoping we are getting some new Good themes!!!
lentwentynine ratingfive Why they decided to put numbers on the left side and symbols on the right is beyond me (rather than numbers along the top and symbols on the rest).
lensix ratingfive Please continue develop the Spanish language.
lensixteen ratingthree It works well but there should be an option for adding custom words to the dictionary.
lennine ratingfive Currently enter key does not commit best to match.
lenfourteen ratingfour Also not happy with the collection-of-data warning at the beginning of installation.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Love the keyboard and all its features, but I have not been able to bill my provider's acct for Google play downloads ever since installing it.
lenseven ratingthree Without the personalized dictionary, I uninstalled it.
lennine ratingthree Also, they need to make enoticons easier to access...
lenseventeen ratingfour Please add marathi and hindi language support and the app will be the perfect keyboard  for 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour Please add the marathi and hindi font.
lenthirteen ratingfive Only complaint is it would be nice to import settings from the trial.
lenten ratingfour It would be nice if they had more keyboard customizing.
lennine ratingfour Add some more themes, keypad and key press tones..
leneight ratingfive Not as accurate as it used to be.
lennine ratingfour I only wish it was trace/swipe text capable.
lenten ratingthree Please make the tablet version an option inside this app.
lensixteen ratingfive Only minor issue I have is I wish there was more themes for the key board
lentwentyone ratingthree My favorite, really, but it makes me have to switch to other input methods because of the lack of Chinese support.
lentwentythree ratingfive No problems at all, better than stock Samsung, but like others are saying, a personal dictionary would be great and the word shortcuts.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo SwiftKey plus chrome plus certain types of forms (particularly ones that require an email address) leads to a very ugly slow motion crash on ics.
lenseven ratingfive need to fix arabic on jelly bean
lenseven ratingfour Recently experiencing freezing at times in landscape.
lentwentyeight ratingone Every time I'm typing a long status on face book this keyboard will take words I'm typing and put them in the beginning of the status.
lenfive ratingone uses excessive amounts of ram...
lentwentyseven ratingfive I tend to hit the letter "b" instead of the space bar sometimes and it fails to predict that I'm trying to hit the space bar.
lenthirteen ratingtwo This crashes at minimum ten times a day during web browsing via Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingone the. com button when typing in a browser url is the most annoying thing about this keyboard.
lennineteen ratingone I love the keyboard but when I type texting 6 times and it shows tearing I get a bit frustrated.
leneight ratingfive Gets removed as default keyboard after every reboot.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Too bad, because I did enjoy the features of SwiftKey, but I make so many errors using SwiftKey on the HOX that I can't use it.
leneight ratingthree Can you PLEASE fix the lag with ics?
leneleven ratingfive But won't  stay as default when start up or reboot?
lenfifteen ratingone Constantly crashes, slows down the phone, and uninstalls active language to force internet connection establishment.
lenten ratingone This app shouldn't require constant internet connection to work.
lensix ratingone Font doesn't change with theme.
lenseven ratingthree Backspace is often triggered as well randomly.
lenfourteen ratingone The default keyboard setting for SwiftKey is going away when I remove the battery.
lenthirtyone ratingthree Suggestions are awesome, but not many things annoy me as much as when I type something and SwiftKey changes it to something wrong even though I didn't choose a suggtion.
lensix ratingfive Chrome + SwiftKey = constant freeze and crash.
leneleven ratingone It's getting tedious setting SwiftKey as my keyboard each time.
lenten ratingthree The space that inserts after a punctuation is fairly annoying.
lennine ratingone And 30 to 40 mb is too much for a keyboard.
lentwelve ratingone Doesn't predict swears, custom words, or abbreviations w/ symbols (ie. "w/").
leneight ratingthree You select the correct spelling and nothing happens.
lenthirteen ratingthree Typing an email address is a pain in the ass with this app.
lentwelve ratingfour One little thing annoys me tho: the auto correct is really stubborn!
lentwentythree ratingone There are plenty more like me - see your "new features" topics on your support pages. An option to disable this would restore 5 stars.
lentwenty ratingfour Only annoying bug on JB, is that whenever i reboot my phone, the keyboard reverts back to the JB one.
leneighteen ratingthree Upgraded to an LG intuition and, while it still functions properly, it does not stretch across the screen.
lenfourteen ratingone For some reason, my nexus s defaults to Samsung keyboard and it really annoys.
lenten ratingtwo The latest update causes Chrome to constantly crash on the S2.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Had to stop using this keyboard because it's made browsing impossibly slow and frustrating.
lennineteen ratingthree On occasion, the words selection bar doesn't appear and the letters typed are not accepted by the application.
lenthirtyone ratingfive when I reboot my phone (Nexus S) the stock android keyboard is the default one, so I have to go back to the settings to make swiftkey the default keyboard again.
leneighteen ratingfive Was great when first purchased but following an update it no longer works on my HTC Desire HD.
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard. In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lentwelve ratingfour 4 stars because no predictive text in web browser on JellyBean Galaxy S3 LTE.
lenthirteen ratingfour Typing email addresses and other long but irregular words can be a pain.
lennineteen ratingtwo Deleted after a week or so as it was constantly irritating me and just wouldnt let certain words go .
lentwenty ratingthree It shows up briefly after long press(which is inconvenient too) and goes away after a fraction of a second.
lensixteen ratingfour Basically, you don't have to release the long press to get the long press option.
lennine ratingfive But please add Chinese language support, really need it.
lenthirty ratingfour When in horizontal view you can't see any of the other persons messages. I even changed the layout to small to give more room but still won't show.
lentwelve ratingfour It's pointless to even go horizontal if you can read anything.
lennineteen ratingone Every time I restart my Note 2 (AT&T) I have to re select swift key again to use it.
lenfive ratingfive How about a character counter.
lenthirty ratingfive When I am writing on some apps that limit characters, such as a status update, I can't see how much I have put in without hitting the back button.
lenfourteen ratingfive You could add a character count on the right above/below the send button.
lenthirteen ratingfive Would be even better if the personal dictionaries could be synced to cloud.
lenfour ratingfive Could be more customizable.
lenfourteen ratingfour I just took one star off because shortcuts/ personal dictionary would make it perfect.
leneighteen ratingone But continuously 'disappears.' All settings are correct but it will not appear when I need to type something!!
lenseven ratingfive Also, I'm ready for more themes.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree Was great on my nexus s but on the Xperia u it causes quite a bit of lag on coming up and down to the point where the whole phone feels sluggish.
lentwentytwo ratingthree That isn't to say that the dwiftkey keyboard is bad, if it weren't for the lag it would be great
leneighteen ratingfive What I like here is the intelligence and the prediction power, which, by the way, can be improved.
lenthirtynine ratingfive Now the prediction is based just on recent writing, if I go back to continue a bit older texts with special terminology I realize that all the power of prediction is gone, have to learn it again from zero..
lentwelve ratingfive And in Romanian predictions are not even close to those in English..
lentwentytwo ratingtwo However, now with Jellybean 4.1.2 when swift key is selected as default keyboard, it takes quite awhile for the keyboard to open up.
lenten ratingfive It's would be refreshing to see other keyboard themes.
lenseven ratingthree Sometimes the suggestions don't pop up.
lenfive ratingtwo When is more themes coming
lentwentytwo ratingone It's been MONTHS since hundreds if not thousands of users faithfully and trustingly waiting for the additional of Chinese language support.
lenten ratingone But with more languages added,Chinese never made the list.
lenten ratingfive My only issue is lack themes! Please add way more .
lentwentyone ratingthree PLZ FIX TO WHERE THE KEYS WILL RESPOND TO PPL THAT TYPES FAST IT FREEZES ALOT N IM A QUICK TXTER
lenten ratingfour Unfortunately, the keyboard is simply not visible when using Chrome.
lenseventeen ratingfour Awesome keyboard but lacks pen detection for Note ii. Please include this in the next update :D
lentwentyfive ratingfour its a bit of a hassle to keep on changing between this and stock keyboard when I want to use the S-Pen Thanks :D
lensix ratingfive I wish it had trace however.
lenthree ratingone Need more themes.
lentwo ratingone Need t9 input
lenthirtyseven ratingone My use case: Type something and select one of the three suggestions on the top of the keyboard.  In my scenario (three languages, de/en_US/he) this fails a lot (I think mostly with German words).
lennineteen ratingone Type something, select the completion and the current text isn't replaced with the selected word, but removed entirely.
lennineteen ratingone Combining multiple languages in one keyboard (one for de/en_US instead of two different) is crap as well.
lenten ratingfour The portrait mode doesn't give me a predictions anymore.
leneleven ratingtwo But it makes my browser crash allmost everytime I use it.
lenfifteen ratingfour Great except every time the phone turns off it resets to the default Samsung keyboard.
lennine ratingthree Any reason why I can't load language packs?
lentwenty ratingtwo Some apps result in SwiftKey replacing the enter key with the smiley key as primary and long press as enter.
lennineteen ratingtwo If there was an option to remove the smiley and leave as enter this wouldn't be an issue.
lentwentyfive ratingfour 1, an option to add/remove words from the dictionary is present. The current method for word learning requires a few uses of the desired word.
lenfourteen ratingfour 2, a backup feature, so I don't lose my dictionary when I migrate phones.
lenseventeen ratingtwo SwiftKey 3 its crashing in web browser (chrome and stock browser) while selecting search bar and editing txt.
lensix ratingfive Although you should make more themes.
lenfourteen ratingthree It doesn't seem to access my Gmail for personalization, it keeps saying failed.
lennine ratingfive Is there no way of changing the language priorities?
lenthirtytwo ratingfour Faroese language is not registered, and I understand why because it is so small, but I wish I somehow could personalize the languages even more.so that it automatickly remebers faroese words
lenfourteen ratingone runbish, installed but wouldnt download languages so couldnt use it pluss couldnt re fund
leneighteen ratingtwo Has been my keyboard of choice for a while but it just doesn't work on Jelly Bean -
lenfourteen ratingtwo if you can't download the language packs you can't use the keyboard!
lenseven ratingone Cannot download the languages or use it
lentwentyone ratingone I just heard all these good things about this app and then right from the start the languages don't download...
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Before it started hiding key. When you long press a key to get the options it hides behind the other keys but only on 3rd party text boxes.
lensix ratingfive But there should be more themes
lensixteen ratingthree PLZ make more themes n can u make the key board look like adapt keyboards plz
leneleven ratingthree The keyboard itself is great but the word predictions are atrocious.
lentwentyfive ratingthree Why can't it learn directly from all of my typing, instead of having to via gmail, twitter or Facebook - none of which I have.
lenfour ratingthree Please improve the predictions.
leneighteen ratingfour It's alright I guess but it seems to have a knack for freezing up high end devices
lenfifteen ratingfive But keeps failing to download English language pack update so now I have no autocorrect :(
lenthirtyfour ratingfour I would give it a 5 star as it's perfect but it's annoying that despite being set as my default keyboard I still have to switch to it every time my phone restarts.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo I like the speed it allows me to type but the predictions that automatically insert when I don't notice change my word completely.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo And the most annoying thing of all that hasn't been fixed yet by any update, is the app some how turns off my haptic feed back.
lentwentyfive ratingone There's a bug where the predictive keyboard doesn't always register. You have to come out of the message and go back into it.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree The word prediction is spot on, the different themes look great, but the inability to use swype is annoying, as is the inability to use ALT+backspace to delete an entire line of text.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo Because if a user inputs a VALID word, the program should NOT auto-replace it with anything else, no matter how much more relevant it thinks that is.
leneleven ratingfive Only thing lacking is the ability for handwriting with note 2 spen.
lentwentyfive ratingfour I'd like it more context sensitive (eg: email vs sms, my gf vs my boss,  etc), but not sure if android passes that info.
lenfifteen ratingfour IT FORCES CLOSE WHEN USING ON CHROME, quite randomly, but too often to be acceptable.
lensixteen ratingfour But has an annoying habit of auto correcting correctly spelt shorter words into inappropriate longer ones.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is the best keyboard ever, but it eats quite a lot of memory
lenthirteen ratingthree As I'm typing the cursor jumps to the middle of a sentence.
lensixteen ratingthree It has some great features, but there is a noticeable lag with my GSM Galaxy Nexus.
lenthirtyfive ratingone the whole point of the Samsung Galaxy is the swiping, it differs from every other kind of phone, and this app does not support swiping this app sucks,I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone 5 stars when i can disable prediction in favor of more screen real estate.
lensixteen ratingone Was working fine until it said that it is unable to load language packs, including English!
lenseven ratingfour 1. Landscape is always full screen (no option)
lenthirteen ratingfour 2. No option to toggle auto-space after punctuation and selecting predicted/corrected word.
lentwentyfour ratingfour 2. Prediction doesn't show up in a lot of cases where it should - should always pop up unless in a username or password dialog.
lenfifteen ratingfour 4. Speech to text doesn't come up reliably - many times pops up and immediately disappears.
lenfive ratingfour 5.  Sometimes sluggish to open / type.
lennine ratingthree Why there is no Chinese language in this keyboard.
lenseven ratingthree And also pls have more theme color
lentwelve ratingfour Would give 5 stars but it keeps defaulting back to the stock keyboard.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree I would absolutely love it if you guys could make an update that would allow the user to be able to type in a SWYPE style format instead of having to punch letter after letter.
lentwentyseven ratingfour Lately there has been issues where the auto correct won't work and sometimes I'll type but nothing pops up, not until I try like 100 times
lentwentynine ratingfour 1) SwiftKey should learn from sms, Gmail etc automatically without having to go through settings manually. Before I knew this it annoyed me SwiftKey wasn't learning from my sms.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour 2) when you type a word that's not in the dictionary and SwiftKey changes it to something I don't want, when I backspace I should have my originally typed word as an option.
leneight ratingfive I just wish I could download more themes
lentwentyone ratingfive In the configuration screen I set it as my default keyboard but after a while it keeps shifting to another keyboard.
leneleven ratingfive Wish we had a support forum about the product we download.
lennineteen ratingfive Could you add a new theme "RED NEON" just like the blue neon (which is great by the way)....
lenthirteen ratingthree Please add emoji there is alot of free keyboards have the emoji symbols :-$
leneight ratingone Phones keeps hanging and crashing after last update
leneleven ratingthree very nice keyboard but only thing lacking is choice of themes.
leneight ratingthree almost all themes are with closely spaced keys.
leneighteen ratingthree you guys shud add more themes like sony keyboard style or iphone style or stock android jellybean look
lennineteen ratingfour Loving this keyboard so far, would give it 5 stars except that there is no support for Chinese typing yet.
lentwentytwo ratingfive Minor niggles are: Please make apostrophes, colons and semi-colons behave like commas and full stops. ie automatic changing of space position.
leneleven ratingfive Apostrophes could be dealt with better too with respect to prompting.
lentwentyone ratingfour Only problem I ever had was that it often capitalizes words it shouldn't. Like the dutch word "door" or "dank".
lenseventeen ratingfour Perhaps implement swipe that works as well as Google's implementation and I'll try it again?
lentwentyone ratingfive My only gripe is that it doesn't have more black themed keyboard for us AMOLED screen users (to save power!).
leneight ratingfive The Neon theme is getting a little old...
leneleven ratingfive It crashes every time when I add tags into Tumblr app.
lensix ratingthree I wish it was swype capable
lenten ratingfour Only if there were more options to customize the UI.
lentwenty ratingfour Got no use for smileys, instead I'd like to bind that to open the second page of special characters.
leneight ratingtwo Doesn't learn some words despite multiple entries.
leneleven ratingtwo And now it's failing to show the predictive word bar.
lenfourteen ratingthree Works great except several times everyday I have to set it as my default.
lentwenty ratingone Got annoyed after they teased us with an upcoming swype like feature and haven't heard anything about it since...
lentwenty ratingfive Well would be better if it were a bit more customizable where the user can define the words and shortcuts.
leneighteen ratingfour Would give 5 stars if a personal dictionary is added as well as the option to learn from whatsapp.
lenten ratingfour Since I updated to 4.2, the keyboard has been way slower.
lensix ratingtwo Unable to install after second step.
leneleven ratingone Seriously what's with them having access to everything we type???
lennine ratingfive Would love it if it had more symbols though :)
lentwenty ratingthree Not the first time the bloody thing outdates all language packs with no warning when I have no network access.
lenten ratingfour The only thing it's missing is more character options!!
lenthirteen ratingfive Awesome keyboard but hopefully there will be han yin pinyin support real soon
lenthirtysix ratingfour It's an amazing keyboard except that if you misspell a word and it underlines it, and you select the proper word it doesn't actually change it. It just puts the cursor at that location.
lentwentynine ratingfour This is a great app even if now there is the new android 4.2 but to get 5 stars it HAS to have SWIPE like in the new version of android!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingfive I only wish there was an option to disable the instant space after a punctuation.
lentwenty ratingfive I constantly hit the space bar after inserting a period which adds a word that I didn't want there.
leneight ratingthree On jellybean now on note 2. Really buggy now.
lensixteen ratingthree Very slow to backspace through words and randomly won't display autocorrect suggestions or correct anything.
lentwelve ratingthree Have to close keyboard and reopen to get suggestions way too often.
lenthirteen ratingone Has been brilliant but something has caused the language packs not to download!
leneight ratingfour But on my Thunderbolt multi touch has issues.
lenfifteen ratingfive It's a very good application but it support traditional Chinese language will be perfect.
lensixteen ratingfive One thing though, it always corrects "texting" to "testing" is texting not a word or something?
lenseven ratingfive A few more themes would be nice.
lenfifteen ratingfive Only thing missing is a clipboard but other than that it fires on all cylinders
lentwenty ratingfive My only complaint is that every time I restart the phone, it goes back to the default factory Samsung keyboard.
lentwentythree ratingone Everytime I turn my phone off or restart it it goes back to default keyboard and I have to keep activating this one...
lentwentythree ratingone Can't turn off the auto inserted space after a period or question mark. All my messages now have extra spaces after them.
lenseventeen ratingthree Love this keyboard, but every time I turn the handset off and on it loses default settings.
lentwenty ratingfive Only one problem is that I don't always get the word select option in some apps such as Firefox.
lenfiftyone ratingthree It's the best keyboard I have used by far, and I love the themes (but maybe a couple more? Or a way to make our own?) but it has issues with certain words like page, which it often automatically capitalizes or it will change "love" to "live" (or something similar).
lensixteen ratingthree Edit: Half the time, dragging for punctuation deletes the word I'm typing since JB update.
lentwentyfour ratingthree Some of the layout designs annoy me and it takes a long-press to activate voice typing which is frustrating when in a hurry.
lensix ratingone Worked a couple times before crashing.
lentwenty ratingone Now can't get beyond choosing English language download due to 'network error', no matter how good my connection is.
lensixteen ratingone The auto space after a full-stop is ridiculous. Allow the option to turn it off.
lenten ratingthree Trying to type a username and the autocorrect changes it.
lennineteen ratingfour Good app but ever since my phone updated to jelly bean today, the keyboard has been a little laggy.
lentwentynine ratingfour And the hepatic feedback feels different than it did before. Even at 2ms I can feel it way more than I could before when it was at 7ms, which is inconvenient.
lenfifteen ratingfive And what's with not being able to put arrow keys on the tablet version?
lensixteen ratingfive I'd really like to see a winter/Christmas theme like they havr for Halloween though.
lentwentyone ratingfour Also doesnt have a feature to minimize the keyboard. I could not access a certain app one time because of this.
lenthirtysix ratingone so when I am typing a text, the auto correct lags behind then inserts the mistake repeatedly back to back. not only that, but by the time it catches up, it has already sent the message.
lensixteen ratingone additionally, in the chrome browser the keyboard won't let me type in the appropriate space.
lennine ratingfour I find myself constantly switching between LastPass & SwiftKey Keyboards. :-\
lenseventeen ratingfour Although it kinda Sucks how I had to pay for multiple Downloads for each of my devices.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like everything about this app with 1 (very significant) exception.no swipe feature.
lentwentythree ratingthree i am super-dependent on using swipe to enter words, so without that, there's no real point in me having this app.
lenfifteen ratingtwo It won't autocorrect my misspellings when set to inert a period with double space.
leneighteen ratingtwo when set to insert a prediction, will insert a random word whenever I use punctuation and then space.
lenten ratingfive the only problem i have is the themes, needs more.
lennine ratingfive The only issue I have is lack of themes.
lenfour ratingfive Also, no Japanese support!? ...
