lennine ratingone said there was an error when trying to download
lenthirteen ratingone does not fit totally on my ge l3 e400 the screen resolution is to big.
lenfifteen ratingone i loved the first game but now it won't go past the imangistudios screen.
lenfifteen ratingfour nice game gr8 but it's kinda lag and slow sensitivity please fix it thnk u.
leneight ratingfive my favorite but please add sensitivity option-thanks
leneleven ratingone i have redownloaded this 3 different times using three different internet connections.
leneighteen ratingfour 1 when i try to send out the tweet it shuts my phone down and drains all the battery.
lenthirteen ratingfour instead, you can add something grassy, or watery, or muddy, or maybe metallic!
lenfourteen ratingthree have to tilt my phone way too much, stutters after 5k meters and crashes often.
lenfourteen ratingthree it's fun but it lags, its harder and the tilting is really hard.
lenseven ratingone does not start up on my thunderbolt.
lenseventeen ratingfour one problem - we have to tilt mobile too much to make the character go in the side.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo when i went to play this game it came up big on my screen and i couldn't play it because i couldn't see the road ahead.
lensixteen ratingtwo original was better, dont like new graphics, still same concept but trying too hard i think
lenfifteen ratingfive the only problem is you need to tilt to extreme right/left to avoid falling.
lentwentyfour ratingfive the game would be near perfect if there were an option to change the sensitivity as it's a bit insensitive to my phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive have some lag issues on p970 at the lowest graphics which effects the game dramatically.
lenfour ratingfive i need lower graphics.
leneight ratingthree good game but it crashes alot for me.
lenfourteen ratingfive hoping for updates for a new characters to spend the coins with and gems.
lentwentyone ratingfour it is so good but u missed some things that could make it even better like letting fb friends see score
lenseventeen ratingone when i try to open it, the game closes and it wont even open to the options!
lennine ratingone good game, but it freezes and crashes my phone.
leneight ratingfive can not open game for the second time.
lenten ratingfive graphics are decent but dont seem to respond very well.
lentwentynine ratingone this is unbelivable just like the first one only on android it freezes it lags how about acually puting some work into making this game, for android at least
lenthree ratingtwo lags a lot.
leneighteen ratingtwo the game itself is really good, but it freezes too much and it won't let me play.
lenseventeen ratingone the screen of the game is too big and i can't see where i'm running.
lenten ratingfive this is a asum game but  it needs  more exciymet
leneleven ratingfour but, i somehow cannot download it to my samsung galaxy tab.
lentwelve ratingthree this is a great game but sometimes it takes away your coins
lenfourteen ratingfour luv it but needs more places to go looks like its goin in circle
lenthirtysix ratingfour i understand it's difficult to optimize the game for all android phones as there are several, several phones, but it would be nice if the lag could be fixed on the samsung galaxy s iii.
leneleven ratingfour seems slightly buggy, can we get a sensitivity or accelerometer calibrator?
lentwentyseven ratingone temple run 2 doesn't open for my phone it stays on the first part and exits out of the game i have the samsung infuse please fix
lentwentyfour ratingfour good, but sometimes it takes forever to load so when i turn and such, i die, because it doesn't do it right then.
lenfive ratingone rubbish not open in xperia x10i
lensixteen ratingfour this app shuts down and the run is not saved but the game is still fun.
lentwelve ratingthree i hate the fact that it's so hard to get coins!
lennine ratingone wtf it show pakege file invalid plz fix ths.
leneleven ratingone it's slow n does not slide, jump in one go!
lensixteen ratingtwo wtf the game takes ages for the points to go up the ziplines are terrible :d
lennineteen ratingone love the game, android  v2.2.2, shows imangi and then closes, no warning, no force close, just closes, please fix imangi!
lenthirteen ratingthree i can turn it down but it's still audible even at zero.
lenfourteen ratingfour its simply cool but coins are not getting more as compared ti older one
leneighteen ratingthree nearly at the point of not been able to see my phone when tilting it left and right sgs2
lentwelve ratingthree can't tilt left to right, game is a bit too much
lensixteen ratingone it sits on the loading screen the whole time or just exits out of the game.
lenthree ratingone game wont start.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it crashes whenever i start the game  please fix i have a sidekick 4g
lenthirteen ratingtwo in this game the tracks are cool but the animations aren't good.
lenthree ratingthree sensitivity needs improvement
lenten ratingone also freezes occasionally when i try to exit the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive it stays at imangi studios for about 20+ seconds before getting to the game.
leneighteen ratingone so everyone don't waste your time trying to download  this idiotic game, because it won't download.
lenseventeen ratingone the screen of the game is too big and i can't see where i'm running.
lentwentyone ratingthree love the game but recently it started to freeze and close when you try to use a gem for save me.
lentwentytwo ratingthree this is my favourate game on android but it was running smoothly before but after unlocking characters and upgrades it started lagging.
lenten ratingfour good but it should have adjustable sensitivity in the settings.
lentwentytwo ratingfour would've given a 5 star if the option to adjust sensitivity and the magnet powerup will not overlap with the magnet pickup.
lentwentythree ratingfour very fun, but every time i use a save me in a mineshaft it crashes and i lose all progress from that run.
lennine ratingthree the game freezes and force closes quite a bit.
lensixteen ratingfour this is a very addicting game, but there are a few issues concerning powerups and placement.
leneight ratingone installed but not fit on qvga screen whyy
lentwelve ratingfive hate that the magnet doesn't multiply coins but its still good.
lenfour ratingthree the turning is slow.
leneight ratingthree it takes full second or more to turn.
lenseventeen ratingfive i've also twice experienced a bug with the boost where it flung me off the edge.
leneleven ratingthree very fun but its too laggy on my neo v ics
lenfortyeight ratingfour it has everything i was so surprised by it this game cant get any better it has tons of things and you just cant stop playing it but when i click on th save me button at the end of each run the game just exsits fix it.
lentwelve ratingfive am usin galaxy tab but i cant download cos it alwys error
leneighteen ratingfour the menu layout sucks , the graphics are kinda stale but the game is way better than the first!
leneight ratingfive only criticisn is it lags a few times.
lenseventeen ratingthree new cart level and zip line seem to glitch the boost power up leading to instant death.
lenseven ratingthree head start that uses 2500 coins activates automatically.
lenfive ratingone freezing a lot on galaxy s3!
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is fun but idk it wont let me download it mad
leneight ratingtwo a fun game but crashes way too much!
lensix ratingtwo why cant i get this downloaded, :(
lenthirtyone ratingfour i think this is a,really good and well made game, but when ever i used a shield over a river (not the one with the broken bridge) it glitches up :(
leneighteen ratingone i've just downloaded this app twice and it doesn't work on my samsung galaxy tab gt p1010.
lentwelve ratingthree it's a good game, but not as smooth as temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingthree superb game but need to force close frequently that's why 3star otherwise 5star
lenthirteen ratingfour lags a tiny bit sometimes but i'm sure optimization will fix that.
leneleven ratingfive and its a little confusing on what to upgrade and stuff.
lentwentynine ratingone there was no explanation of how powerups work, why is it that when i spend 20 gems to max out the magnet powerup, after one game goes down by  half?
lentwentyeight ratingfour this is game is way addicting and super fun but i hate when i try to use my gems sometimes that it crashes and doesnt save my progress.
lennine ratingfour i was at 10500 when it crashed last no joke.
leneight ratingone does not fit my screen right at all!
lennineteen ratingfour i purchased a set of gold and it still hasn't shown up in my game, several days later.
lentwentyeight ratingfive great game,  just one thing,  when i just miss falling off of those half paths,  my guy keeps running while on his side,  even jumping while lying down.
lenfortysix ratingone i am using an htc explorer and also have temple rum 1 but some games like raging thunder and tempal run 2 don't work whenever i turn them on it says program not responding please help even when i download apps from 4shared it says download failed help
lentwentysix ratingfive i love it alot butt its kind of hard it works great for my phone but takes alot of space but i really do like it.
lenthirty ratingfive i didn't  find  exit button  on  tab2  then  i   have  to  open task manager  and  close   but  i  like   this game   i request  to  play store  to    make  exit   button
lenfourteen ratingfour i hate the little ride on the tracks but it makes the game harder.
lenfourteen ratingone i don't know how the game was because the "package file was invalid"
lentwentynine ratingthree anytime i upgrade the 'boost' power up, however, i go to upgrades or anywhere else and the spent gems are still gone and the power up remains not upgraded.
lenseven ratingfive its fine and smooth, maybe more characters?
leneleven ratingtwo graphics stuck most of the time and i lose the game.
lensixteen ratingfive till now thiz iz the most addicted game but i suggest if there is slope down.
lentwelve ratingfour can you give us an option to change the tilt sensitivity please.
lenten ratingone it looks so oversized ' can't even play the game .
lenseven ratingone stays at imangi studios and force closes.
lenfourteen ratingthree please add sensivity option or fix it otherwise it better than first temple run
lentwentytwo ratingone i love this game but after update it still won't load past the first screen on my lg optimus 3d p920 please fix:)
lensix ratingthree only problem is the poor performance.
leneleven ratingfour oh ya  the app freeze when i open the privacy button.
leneight ratingone doesn't load, closes out on its own.
lenfifteen ratingfour sensitivity is a little off sometimes on my note 2, hopefully this upgrade will fix it.
leneighteen ratingfour while i think this is a great short term time killer, it freezes my phone quite a bit.
lenfortytwo ratingone ok on my tmobile sidekick for droid i can play the 1st temple run but this one it freezes when it is loading i haven't been able to play part 2 and i want too real bad please try to figure it out
lenthirteen ratingone it constantly lags which makes it impossible to take the corner and jumps.
leneighteen ratingfour i think this is way harder but better graphics and on my phone takes too long to load
lenseven ratingfour sometimes it doesn't detect gestures properly.
lenfour ratingone lag constantly kills me.
lensix ratingtwo just keeps force closing plz fix
lenten ratingfive whole screen is filled with icons only please fix it.
lenfifteen ratingfive and sometimes i fly off the track after a weird combo of sliding and jumping.
leneleven ratingthree amazing but after this update it doesn't open, fix please.
lennine ratingone on the galaxy s 4g the game wount start up.
lensix ratingfive it says error download ekek aww
lensix ratingthree good graphics but lags game resolution.
lenfourteen ratingfour this would be a five if it didn't crash my tablet so much
lentwentyfour ratingthree however, so far i have experienced severe lagging (the screen even refreshes sometime while running and i'm popped onto a completely different track).
lensixteen ratingthree besides the face that when i try to open it often it doesnt open and glitches
lenfive ratingone won't load game now.
lentwentyfour ratingone i hag a motorola blur and all i get to is the start up screen even with the new patch it doesn't work
leneight ratingtwo great game but sensitivity could have been better
lenfive ratingthree great but can't download
lenfive ratingfour some time the game hangs.
lenten ratingfour i bought 50,000 coins and the coin doubler and neither work.
lenthirteen ratingthree i'm having trouble with the response to my touch on my phone.
leneight ratingone the game will load and then exits automatically.
lennine ratingfour for exaple ill jump and it makes me slide.
leneleven ratingone changing from 2 to 1 star because of how stupid level 8 missions are.
leneleven ratingfour i would put five stars if montana smith is brought back
lenfive ratingtwo why not 7500, 10000, 15000, 25000 coins in 1 run?
lenthirtysix ratingone still force closes when i open it i have a samsung infuse the old temple run works but even with the update it still doesn't work i really want to play this so please fix
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i could have given it 5 stars but the guy does not move left n rite fix it i will give u 5 stars i have even uninstalled it twice n installed it again
lennine ratingfour my only problem in playing is i always lag.
lennine ratingfive my coin doubler does not work why is that?
lentwenty ratingfour i really enjoy the game and its a huge improvement but the lag messes with the game play to much.
lentwentyone ratingthree it ran perfect at first but then it started lagging bad throughout the game and i always die because of it!
lenfifteen ratingfive i've finished the 1m meters objective, but it's still there for me to finish.
lenseventeen ratingfive maybe it's a result of my finishing one of the objectives when it was shown twice.
lentwentyfour ratingthree i have put on the new update, i have completed more than 1 million meters but my 1 million metres objective is struck and doesnt move.
lentwentyseven ratingthree if you're trying to jump a gap, and you hit the edge, it sometimes does a weird thing where you fly to the right or left.
lentwentyone ratingfour i can be playing but then run off the cliff because the game lagged and i didn't see it coming.
lensixteen ratingfive but takes too long when i click on the app to play but besides dat, wonderful
lenfour ratingfive have trouble sliding sometimes.
lenthree ratingfive needs tilt option
lenfive ratingfour just find the ads irritating
lentwentyfour ratingfour i wish that when my battery is dying and the warning comes on the game would pause like in some of my other apps.
lenthirteen ratingthree -i cannot see my stats, making it impossible to brag to my friends.
lensix ratingfour still skips frames even after update.
lenthirteen ratingfive i was sooooo bummed that this game came out for the iphone first.
lenfive ratingtwo the designers really hated colors !?!?
lentwelve ratingfive but when the girl dies does she really have to sound so.
leneight ratingthree basically the same game as t1, almost nothing new.
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a excellent game but there's same problem in playing my st15i.
lennine ratingone have an s3 and this game still runs like crap.
leneighteen ratingfour for one is it just me or is this game a bit stiff compared to the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfive this one is so bright and colourful it makes the obstacles unspottable sometimes.
lennine ratingfour really great game but kind of jerky on turns
lentwentytwo ratingone everytime i open it it will show the imangi studios logo for about a minute then it will just slose the app.
lensix ratingfour randomized levels add to the replayability.
lentwo ratingfour downloading error
lentwenty ratingthree i have passed 500.000 in life coins, but the objective progress on passing that limit of coins, is locked on about 50%.
lenthirty ratingfive however it is quite annoying when it goes to -1 on the gems can't it just stay at 0 when you don't have enough gems to save you once dying.
lensixteen ratingfour only hiccup is that the later challenges are almost impossible (10,000,000 lifelong coins. are you kidding me?).
lenthirteen ratingthree game is great, but the crashes are annoying enough to kill the experience.
lenten ratingone considering i can't even download it this is stupid
lenten ratingthree it keeps on freezing when i have a high score
lentwentythree ratingthree i like the game but i wish that when i get multiple objectives on one round,that it would check them all off.
lensix ratingfive it wont let me download it.
lenthirtysix ratingfive only thing is the tilt on tablets on the phone it works perfect but the tilt on tablets is unstable but hey at least we got temple run 2 been waiting a long time for this :d
lenten ratingfour tilt sensitivity s very less wen compared to first version.
lenfortyseven ratingone i like the game its awesome but it lags a lot and slow on my phone and i have android 4.0.4 and a 1.4 processer idk why it does that but its fun other then that and they also take coins away if you don't use them sucks
lentwentythree ratingfive for some reason when i launched the game today, none of my scores were saved, all power ups gone n back to level 1.
lennine ratingfour hoping the next update makes the tilts more responsive.
lenthirtynine ratingone does not work everytime i try to play it it only loads the ingram sign and then crashes and i have deleted it 2 time and downloaded it 3 time still don't work and this is on the lg thrill
lenten ratingthree focecloses sometimes other than that it's an okay game.
leneighteen ratingthree yeah its great but now it wont even openand when it does it closes but i like graphics
lenfourteen ratingone when i open this app in android, always load and then exits the app
lensix ratingthree the mineshaft is way too difficult.
lenseventeen ratingfour and one suggestion y cnt u try to introduce a boat in d falls like railway track.
lenseven ratingone why i can't download this games,,,?
lenseventeen ratingone i very  hard to see waht button ur pressin because there all on top of each other.
lenseven ratingfour i expect more different levels from temple run3
lenseven ratingone i tried everything and it wont start.
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game played ever  but got slower and get hangs while playing on xperia miro
leneight ratingone it wont open on my lg please fix
lennine ratingthree i have 500000 lt points but the objective isnt cleared.
lenfourteen ratingtwo explorer sticks to one side abd motion sensor is not working properly after update.
lenthirtythree ratingone hey, i really enjoy the original temple run, i would like to play the new one but for some reason it will not pass the starting screen on the lg optimus 3d please fix!
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i love thee game really captive and well crafted but coin denominations change frequently and minor glitches have caused it to crash but overall nice game oh yeah the coins keep resetting!
lentwelve ratingfour now its just stuck there however the 1,000,000 coin achievement is still increasing.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the game opens with the splash screen, like it's supposed to, but then it freezes, vibrates for a second and the app crashes.
lentwentythree ratingthree this game is okay, but every time i pass level 5 and continue, it resets the game to back to level 5 the next day.
lenten ratingfour it tends to skip and freeze every now and then.
lenthirteen ratingone every time i open it, it ends up closing right out of it .
lensix ratingthree the objectives given is totally insane.
leneighteen ratingfour its really good and fun etc, but its too easy and some of the objectives aren't reasonable.
lennineteen ratingtwo i had lots of coins and it just all disaperd dont buy if it doning that otherwise good game
lenfifteen ratingfour by far the thing that needs to be fixed most urgently is power up timing.
lentwentytwo ratingfive temple run 2 is addicting and fun but i had to force close a few times so i uninstalled and installed again :d
lenfourteen ratingtwo same issue with coins and the worst thing, the graphics are draggy and jerky.
leneighteen ratingone i've never gotten a chance  to play it on my phone because it force closes every time !
lenfive ratingfour fun game, but sometimes lags
leneleven ratingone i have 1,000,000 life time meters, but the objective isn't updating.
lentwentytwo ratingone it won't even work every time i click it it sends me back to my home screen can any one help
leneight ratingfive its fun and addicting, just kinda slow sometimes.
lenthirty ratingone it shuts down automatically after the i screen please fix i really love temple run n i played 2 on my lil sisters ipod n i loved it please please fix
lentwelve ratingtwo but the most necessary thing is tilt sensitivity setting for the gameplay.
leneight ratingone wont run on my moto defy not happy
lensix ratingthree does anyone else experience this delay?
lenfour ratingfive to slow to donwload
lentwentythree ratingthree don't know whats happing but now when i tilt my phone to any side the character does not tilt with the phone.
lenten ratingone i didn't get the extra coins that i purchased.
lentwentyseven ratingone i have samsung galaxy s and i can't even get the game to load it stops at the big i thing this needs to be fixed.
lensix ratingone the game freezes when open it
lentwentyeight ratingone while under the influence of a power up if you get a second power up of the same kind it should extend the time of the power up.
lenthirty ratingfour the gameplay is bit easier now (which i liked about it) but has some glitches of its own, like the player even jumped off the track on left and right.
lenfour ratingfour but tilting is bad
lensix ratingone force closes at the loading page. :/
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game freezes when i am playing and cause my person to die even though she isnt even close to hitting anything.
leneight ratingfive great app but it keeps freezing on my g3
lentwentynine ratingthree i will try to play and once on the imangi studios i hear the menu music play but then it just takes me back to my phones home screen ! -_-
lenten ratingone it gets stuck and won't take any screen input.
lennine ratingtwo fix the lag issues and you'll get 5 stars
lentwentytwo ratingfour it keeps you guessing and plays rather well the one flaw is you cant play laying down it makes leaning under sensitive.
lenthirteen ratingone download it it starts to load then screen goes black then it exits
leneight ratingone all my stats, powers, everything back to zero.
leneighteen ratingone game is good now, new challenges but definitely lags a lot and hangs after a little long run.
lenthree ratingfour it force closes -_-
lenseventeen ratingtwo the 1mil lifetime coins is also more than halfway done but still, its stuck at 3rd of the way  :(
lensix ratingfour power meter doesnt increase inside cave.
lennine ratingone it crashes every time before i can even play.
lenfive ratingthree i want my coins saved!
lenten ratingtwo tilt needs to be more than usual to take effect.
lensix ratingfive just having problem with tilt sensitivity.
lenseven ratingone at least give us a sensitivity setting!
lenseventeen ratingone i hit on the game, and it shows the picture of the "i" and then that exits.
lenthirtythree ratingthree i'm not sure if the forceclosing problem when i beat my high score has been fixed or not seeing as how i haven't beaten my high score since my last review.
lenfourteen ratingfour the first time i downloaded it it only load up and it never works.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i played the game but initially found that it lags even on a dule core processor which is enough for any game to work on i better like the original temple run.
leneight ratingone shows only spash and close unable to play
lenfourteen ratingfour had it at 5 stars but the newest update seems to misread my slide commands.
lentwentyfive ratingone it doesn t work on my galaxy tab it gets to the loading screen and stops i have to force close it all the time! !
lennineteen ratingone i downloaded the game and when i try to play it the game goes back to my home screen.
lentwentysix ratingfour i pretty much have to tilt my device so far that i almost can't see the screen to keep from falling off into the abyss.
lenthirteen ratingfive only problem is i keep losing all my coins & don't know why.
lennine ratingfive lil laggy at times  but hard to put down
lenthirtythree ratingfour a great game with good graphics., but there is a glitch with 500k coins and pls restart the timer when we pick a powerup of the same kind, before the first one gets over.
lenthirtyone ratingthree its a very good, but it would be even better if you could add sensitivity in the settings, also its a little laggy at some points whitch gets me pretty mad
lenseventeen ratingthree the game lags n hangs alot right frm d begning f d run in ma walkman live.
lensix ratingone it closed down on my phone
lenfour ratingfour just a little laggy
lennine ratingone no answer in a week on an unfulfilled purchase.
