lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive good game better then temple run 1 and iam enjoying game
lenfour ratingfive best coll game ever
lentwentythree ratingfive i love temple run,but this is more challenging than the 1st one and more scoring.plus u can recurr auto if u want.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i think this game is unbelievable how its made ,and its so fun i love it please get it your mind will be amazed.
lennine ratingfive i'm always playing it in my free time.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive its even better than the original.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive so 5 minutes ago my mom told me about temple run 2  because i am a fan of the first one.this game has amazing graphics and for some reason its much more interesting.
lenseven ratingfive this is my fav game right now
lentwenty ratingfive its as good as the last one, so if you liked the first one you'll enjoy this one too.
lenthree ratingfive mast hai.phadu.
lenseven ratingfive i'm really addicted to this game!
lensixteen ratingfive i really love this game its better than the first one love that one too though
lenseven ratingone hate the motions, old game more responsive,
lenthirteen ratingfive this is better than the 1st but the brave one have that arrow thingy
lennine ratingone it still lags on a galaxy s i poor
lenfour ratingfive works great on note 2.
lenfive ratingfive superb game.,. also works nice
lentwenty ratingthree i upgrade my boost but there wasn't internet so my coins were deducted but the boost wasn't upgraded.
lenfourteen ratingthree one more thing was that the character died due to lag when i tilt.
leneight ratingone temple couldnt be downloaded due to an error (498)?
lentwo ratingone galaxy tab .
lentwelve ratingfive very nice game, good graphics, new powerups, and it's a freemium.
lenseven ratingfive its the perfect sequel for its predecessor.
lensix ratingfive new gameplay beautiful graphics, new powerups.
lenfourteen ratingfive and above all the game performs very nicely in any smartphone that supports it.
lenthree ratingfive woow amazingly fabulous!
lenseven ratingfive i like this game, it's cool.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenfive ratingfive great improvement from the first.
lenseventeen ratingfive the only problem i have is that it lags a little but then i can't move.
lensix ratingfive please fix but otherwise great game!
lentwelve ratingone this game is not support in my samsung galaxy chat plz help.
lenthree ratingfive best game everrr!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are amazing and the game is super fun!
lensix ratingone its a cheap copy of pitfall.
lenfive ratingone barely senses your finger movements.
leneight ratingfive nice game but the tilt is too slow
lensix ratingfive very nice game i liked it
lensix ratingfive game is perfect as a sequel.
leneight ratingfive the best game on my samsung galaxy tab 10.1
lentwelve ratingthree i have a droid razr and sometimes when i try to "save"
lentwentyfive ratingthree myself it freezes and shut down and when i start it back up i have 1 less gem even thou i didnt get to save myself.
lenthree ratingthree otherwise  amazing game!
leneight ratingfive graphics are awesome and has real like game.
lentwelve ratingfive it's the best game anybody could ever get, in my opinion.
lentwelve ratingfive only thing i couldn't stand it when it glitches a little.
leneighteen ratingfive and sometimes when i try to use a save me, it freezes and exits out of the game.
lenseven ratingfive really much better than de previous one
lentwentysix ratingone i have a samsung infuse 4g and i got the game and it wont pull up it goes right off as soon as i get on it
lenseven ratingfour error downloading on my galaxy tab gt 1000. :-(:-(:-(:-(
lensix ratingfive its slow downloading but i wait.
lenthirteen ratingfive the game runs very fast on my note 2 grest thanks to imangi studio
leneleven ratingfive this game is the best game of all time on mobile
lenthirteen ratingfive this game has insane graphics and is much more fun than the original.
lentwo ratingfive samsung note 2.
lenten ratingthree let's see how it work in my micromax tab
lenseven ratingone doesn't work on my samsung infuse
lensixteen ratingfive i wasn't expecting such a big but nice, change between a game and its prequel
lennineteen ratingone it is an amazing game but won't work on htc desire pls pls pls fix and ill rate 5
lenfifteen ratingfive jst one is thing the in this is nt moving quickly specialy on train mode
lentwenty ratingthree really, i have the game maxed out on my more than capable phone, and there's still pop in textures.
lentwelve ratingthree floating islands in the background always pop in and it looks terrible.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentyfive ratingfive what a jump from the first one!totally emerses you in the story and surroundings.love all the undulations,rivers and mine cart!fabulous work!
lentwelve ratingfive its temple run 1+subway surfers+rail rush!runs perfectly on my galaxy s3.
lensixteen ratingtwo every time i try to play it, it keeps closing and i undownloaded and downloaded again.
lenten ratingfive it's twice as fun and challenging as the original!
lenfour ratingfive can't reach level 9!
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lenthree ratingfive more characters please!
lenfive ratingfive but good job to imangi!
lensix ratingfive great beginning to a new year
lenthree ratingfive cool cool cool
lentwelve ratingfive love this game just as addictive as the first but only better!
lennine ratingfive a constant fun excitement with much better visual graphics.
lennine ratingfive also appreciate the quick update for the back button.
lenfive ratingone doesnt let me download it
lentwentyone ratingfive have to admit this is fun but the automatic movements to the side can get annoying however its a brilliant effort.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are much better.
lennine ratingfive this is the first time i rate a game.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics. .i love playing this game .
lensix ratingfive cool game better then temple run
lenthirtyone ratingthree it was a great game the two or three games i got to play but after that whenever i try to open it goes to the loading screen then automatically closes.
lennine ratingone what 2do when i download it says package is invalid
lenfifteen ratingone do not get game sucks bad graphics first one better does not evan open up
lensix ratingfour awsum graphics fun to play with
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i rated it 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing!
lenfour ratingfive lots of new stuff.
lenfour ratingfive recommended game for everyone.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenfive ratingone please optimize for qvga devices !
lenten ratingone it looks so oversized '   can't even play the game .
lentwelve ratingone i have a lg optimus l3 it is an armv7 qvga phone , please optimize.
lensix ratingone i luv this game so much!
leneight ratingone not working in o+ phone fix it pls
lenthree ratingfive great improvement overall.
lenthirteen ratingfive just need constant update to fix minor issues like lag, back button etc.
lenten ratingfive better than the and more space to run and turn.
lenfive ratingfour i so love this version.
lennine ratingfour but mine has a gliche and sort of freezes.
lenfour ratingfour nice but with lags
lenfive ratingfive runs very smooth on my gs3.
lentwentysix ratingfour the game is just phenomenal but the coins connected keeps getting deducted when the monkey gets to eat you and for some reason automatically reduces too.
lenthree ratingfour please update quickly.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awsome
leneight ratingfive ghraphics are awsum thn older.enjoy the game.!?
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive this game is out for phones
lentwelve ratingfour it's good but i takes to many mb from my memory.
lenthree ratingfive great game awesome，，，，，，，
lenthirteen ratingfive i like this app that's why i am giving this app 5 stars .
lenfive ratingfive beacuse it really deserive this.
lenfive ratingfive igot it , its tooooo easy!
lenten ratingfive better graphics and more fun to play and very confusing.
lenseven ratingfive great game.playing it on galaxy note 800.
leneleven ratingfive this game runs smoother than the previous one on my phone.
lentwelve ratingfive over a 100 games played and not a single dropped frame or hiccup!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's also easier to score than before and that's a welcome change.
lenthirteen ratingfive never expected imangi studios to make a comeback in such a grand manner!
lentwelve ratingone idk why is not working on my defy.hope you do something.
lennine ratingthree hopefully this game is what i'm hoping for!
lensixteen ratingthree in the processing so that's why i giving 3 stars!: ) wish me luck on this game.
lentwo ratingfive hd gh
lenseven ratingfive it works great in the first try.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive lol great game
lenthree ratingfive addictive.super smooth
lennine ratingfive this is the most amazing game on the market
leneight ratingfive epic cool awesome amazing excellent epic absolutely epic
lentwentythree ratingfour the update is great a bit speedy and when am trying to exit my phone stick and i have to restart my phone.
lenfive ratingfour galaxy s2,  but am enjoying it.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive awesome graphics and new rules are superb
lenseven ratingfive i like this game very very awesome .
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game because this game can realized that we are in the game .
lentwelve ratingfive everyone has to download this game because it's very nice game .
lensix ratingfive i vote this game by 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive the grafics are so cool
lentwelve ratingfive just when others thought you peaked, you come out with another winner.
lenfifteen ratingfive thanks for making it available to android earlier than you did with the first one.
lensix ratingfive best game that i have played
lenseven ratingone cant download it says package file invalid
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 runs lag free on the nexus 4.
lenfour ratingfive i runs butter smooth!
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game!
lenfour ratingfive the game's excellent
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive this is muhammad better than temple run 1 way better
lenfive ratingfour graphics are a bit cartoonist!
lensix ratingfour temple run brave has better graphics.
lenseven ratingfour a bit buggy, especially the speed boost.
lensix ratingfour but still a pretty good game!
lennine ratingthree its a greattt game nice upgrade from the orinigal.
lensix ratingthree but seriously fix you bug probs.
leneight ratingthree if im in setting i cant go back.
lenseventeen ratingthree if i die it doesnt restart its just a screen with what ever killed me still there.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive soooooooo much better than the first one!
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics n awsm exprience.
lenthree ratingfive love to ply.
lenseven ratingfive it's a great game and app
lenfive ratingone good game but keep crashing
lenfive ratingfive gaming taken to next level
lentwo ratingone galaxy s3 running 4.1.2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfour love it , but , my coins keep disappearing , very annoying
lentwo ratingfive nashulitugii maku.
lenfour ratingfive its ausome and free!
lenthirty ratingfive that's what's so great it free and not like those shifty free games with the graphics which resemble animation made in the stone age by some pregnant elephant.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are splendid and manifest that the creators actually put some work into it.
lentwenty ratingfive it spectacular compared to the rest of the free and paid for games just get it there is no penalty!
lensix ratingfour this is how you create sequels!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfourteen ratingthree it looks like a good game but can't play it on my sidekick 4g :-(
lentwentysix ratingfour superb game but, it needs a tilt sensivity controller the tilt is very slow and i always die on the tracks :( pleaxe fix otherwise nice game
lentwo ratingfive beautiful game
lennineteen ratingone works good on my samsung tablet, but don't work on my phone please fix this before i uninstal
lenfour ratingfive is temple run good?
lenfour ratingfive my answer is yeah.
lensix ratingfive but if ur answer was nah.
lensix ratingfive then this one is better anyways!
lensix ratingfive much more to.do  sooooooooooooooooooooo fun.
lenthree ratingfive i definatly recommend! !
lenseven ratingone it dosnt installs says package file invalid
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphic.
lentwo ratingfive deserve 5 stars.!
lentwentysix ratingone my cousin downloaded this inherent samsung galaxy proclaim via the play store,& it makes her do puzzles but won't let her play the levels afterwards.
lenfive ratingfive user interface is very good!
lenfive ratingfive in short a must download.
lenten ratingfour the only thing wrong id that it lads too much
lenthirty ratingfour the game is realy fun you go in caves ride ziplines and when they say giant ape they mean it i hope you have as much fun as i did.
lenfive ratingfive great app and lag free.
lenfive ratingfive highly recommend downloading this game.
lennine ratingfive better than the first, great graphics, and endless fun
lenfive ratingfive great game on my phone
lenseventeen ratingfive well well well tr has once again proved that its one f d best mob app game.
lenten ratingfive i had cleared all achievements of d the previous ver.
leneighteen ratingfive n was really looking forward smthng new.n its here back with a bang.luv this game   cheers!
lentwo ratingfive perfect graphics.
lenthree ratingfive perfect new version
leneighteen ratingfive it's well desingned and it has lots of vocals, i'm sure that there's something missing.
lenfour ratingfive i love dis gamee
lensixteen ratingone well i would be able to say something about the game if i could play it!
lenthree ratingone it forcecloses everytime!
leneighteen ratingone i tell you what i'm tired of all the good games not working on the samsung infuse!
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it kinda sucks because the resolution is high on my lg optimus l3.if you have an update please make the resolution compatible on my phone.i will rate 5 stars when you do
leneighteen ratingfive i was rappelling down a rope, and the character sort of continued moving forward and down a cliff.
lenseventeen ratingfive i used a gem to revive my character, but he was running while assuming the rappelling position.
lenthirteen ratingfive i couldn't control him at that point until he hit a tree.
lensixteen ratingfive i used a magnet while rappelling down the rope, if it would be of any help.
lenthree ratingfive otherwise, great game!
leneighteen ratingfive please change the camera perspective so we can see what will happen after we turn right or left.
lentwenty ratingfive i have a samsung s2, an asus tablet and a kindle fire hd and it works well on all of them!
lenfourteen ratingtwo i open the game & it just freezes or it doesn't let you play
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is sooo good and a lot better than the fiest one!
lensixteen ratingfive i like that its different everytime and that there are objectives and the graphics are amazing :)
lenseven ratingone wont open then goes to home screen
lenthree ratingfive absolutely loving it!
lentwelve ratingfour works well on xperia p, turning is easier than in temple run 1
lentwentythree ratingthree the graphics are miles better than the original but if your phone doesn't have huge storage it fills up to 130mb per run!
lenfourteen ratingfive amazing graphics didnt expect it to come out on android until another couple months!
lenthirtytwo ratingone i have no money on my account, i can't get gems, and every time i die, if i don't have gems it's like do you wanna get more gems?
lenthree ratingone blah blah blah!
lenthree ratingone this game sucks!
lenseven ratingone keeps force closing as you start running
lenseventeen ratingfive it was really fun and challenging but i would recommend this to anyone luv it so much
lenthree ratingfive gameplay is excellent.
lentwentythree ratingfive some minor glitches need to be sorted out but apart from that its one of the best games to run on my nexus 4
lennineteen ratingfive i really like the game, and lol i was distracted by guy dangerous's skinny jeans with combat boots.
lentwo ratingfive nice clothing (;
lenthree ratingfive just great pics.
lenfive ratingfive waiting to play n explore
lentwo ratingfive perfect graphics.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i like all the new obstacles and how you end up in a mine cart in a cave if you go far
leneight ratingthree awesome graphics but how to exit the game.
lenten ratingfive this is more better than the paid temple run brave.
lensix ratingfive grafixs are great and so real.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingfive one of the best games with a simple idea
lenfour ratingfive molto meglio del primo.
lentwentyfive ratingthree better to the first one but gameplay could be smoother and the tilt sensitivity could be increased (or there could ve a tilt sensitivity setting)
leneleven ratingfive very very good.its free tht is the most amazing thing
leneight ratingfive brilliant game very innovative and fun to play
lennine ratingfive makes you feel that you are living the game
lentwelve ratingfive can't beat the first one, but this one is awesomt too.
lenfive ratingfive so fantastic, love so much
lenthree ratingfive runs like magic .
lenfive ratingtwo jeeze i am sooooo annoyed!
leneleven ratingtwo not to be rude, but what gives with the tilt sensors!
lenthirteen ratingtwo i can't even move to the side without turning my tablet around!
leneleven ratingfive alot better than the first one,  more fun levels its great
lentwo ratingfive game rocks
lenthree ratingfive cool and harder
lenfour ratingfive amazzzziiiinnngg super cool game
lenthirtyseven ratingfive i love this game it's really fun didn't think they would come out with a 2nd one but im glad they did; ) also takes way to much to tilt plz fix: ( t-mobile my touch 4,g
leneight ratingfour fairly well sequel of original game.good graphics
leneleven ratingfive this game is better than having sex with barley legal teens !
lenfifteen ratingthree its takes a long time to load on my galaxy ace plus and it lags!
leneight ratingthree just the same with the first temple run.
lenfive ratingthree the game is so addicting.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive love this new version
lenten ratingtwo won't let me open the game.keeps force closing
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive high graphics everything cooooool!
lentwentytwo ratingfive one of d best game ever played so far.amazing superb graphics.100times more bette n interesting than first version.gr8 well appreciated game.!
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and awesome gameplay.
lentwentysix ratingfive the game is fantastic, the best thing is that the graphics are so nicely executed that you feel as if you are playing a playstation 2 game.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love the imangi studios that they released the android version quickly without much delay from ios.
lenseven ratingfive thank you so much.you guys rock!
lenfive ratingfive woo.wat a nice game
leneleven ratingfive such a great update, graphics, gameplay, smoothness, added features like gems.
lentwentyfive ratingfour when i tried to download it it took so long and theres not many coins and powers are hard to get and they dont last
lensix ratingfive very adventurous and has nice graphics
lennine ratingone it keeps lag on my device pls fix it
lentwelve ratingfour doesn't do well with phones with sensitive screen, specially sony sola.
lenfive ratingfour but overall, very good game!
lenfive ratingfive tm 2 for android is out!
leneleven ratingfive it was awesome than the prev one, even harder too tbh.
lenseven ratingfive overall great, and this is for freeeee!
lennine ratingone everytime i open the app it freezes my phone.
lenthree ratingfive i love shahnawaz
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is fun but it kind of  hard it  better then the first one i think
lenseven ratingone i can't download it! :((( help me! :(
lentwentysix ratingfive this game is the best temple run out of all the games that try to mimic the old series have just another great game as competition
lenfour ratingfive its very cool game.
leneight ratingthree the sensitivity of the game is too low!
lenseven ratingthree and you can't exit the game!
lenseventeen ratingthree at first, i thought it freezed, but no, you have to force stop it from task manager!
lenfour ratingthree (update- still no sensitivity
lenfour ratingfive excellent bravo awesme graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is da best game eva.
lenten ratingfive just as good as the first, more challenging and fun.
lenten ratingfive sometimes does weird stuff but 99% of the time its great.
lentwelve ratingfive great work but lagging a bit even if running with low graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive i am sure with new updates all the tilt and stability issues will be fixed.
lenthree ratingfive waiting as hell
lenfifteen ratingfour it's great, but first temple run was a little bit smoother on sgs plus.
lennine ratingfour keep working on performance, this game is really awesome!
lennine ratingfive this game is amazing better then the first one!
lenthirteen ratingfive love it better then the first one, more smooth less glitches & hardly lags.
lentwelve ratingone it wudn't even get 2 da game & close the app by itself
leneight ratingfour each i use save me it force closes.
lenseven ratingfour plz fix da bug or its awesome.
lentwo ratingfive super jocul.
lentwentyfive ratingfive nice game but after it loads i return to the homepage and i cant play but plz fix it im playing on samsung galaxy tab 1010
lenseventeen ratingfive it is a awesome game better than the other one challengeing but other than that love it
lentwo ratingfive great graphic.
lenthree ratingfive love love love! :)
lenseven ratingfive this game has soooo many different settings.
lenseven ratingfive like the forest and the train tracks.
lenseven ratingfive like this is my it game really.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are awesome to
leneleven ratingfour minpr bugs like the person said, still a great game thanks !
lentwelve ratingfive runs smoothly on my galaxy s1 which i hadn't expected at first.
lenfour ratingfive great visuals and content.
leneleven ratingthree add the ability to upload top scores to facebook for 5 stars.
lennineteen ratingfour great game and possibly better than the first one definitely a winner although can get boring after a while.
lennine ratingone it doesn't work properly on samsung galaxy chat.
leneleven ratingone kindly update it so that it can work on these mobiles.
lenfive ratingfive this game it's amazing.
leneleven ratingfive i like it more than first one and has better graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive new design it's more well organized and the game runs very smooth on my s2 4.2.1 jb.
lenseven ratingfive this game much better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive aweosme game
leneleven ratingfive love the the graphics on this one & the save me gems!
lenseven ratingfive however for sum reason my coins disappearing.
lenten ratingfive ill get to like 2,000 & next thing u know i have 400!
lenten ratingfive please fix its kinda hard to power up without coins.
lenfour ratingfive besides that its great!
leneleven ratingfive very nice game it is exiting game thx for this game
lenthirteen ratingone when i open the app it comes up with the imagini studios logo.
leneight ratingone then after 30 seconds, the app will shut down.
lensix ratingone please fix i am pretty disapointed! :(
lentwentysix ratingfive the up and down and sideways movements can make you feel a bit queasy at times but it's a good follow up to the original.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive could really do with a bit less jiggling about though, even when you are on some straight bits if there is any slight bend ahead, you will wobble about just a bit too much.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have a htc one v which is low end but it runs fine for me even with best graphics turned on.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenforty ratingone i have tried to download this app but i cant cause it dosent install but every time i do drains my battery and i have to keep charging it i cant even install it to my phone while its charging.
lenthree ratingfour nice time waster
lennineteen ratingfive it's more smooth than temple run 1  loved some concept of being same as rail rush game added here
lenfive ratingfive this ia an excellent game.
lenfour ratingone det startar inte ens
lenfour ratingfive it's simply awesome.
lentwenty ratingfour hola, excelente juego, excelente excelente pero tengo problemas con la sensibilidad a veces no reconoce las ┏rdenes y f│cilmente pierdo muchas gracias
lenthree ratingfour an excellent sequel.
lenten ratingfour very fun and easy to learn and visuals look stunning.
lenseven ratingfour solid second go at a fun game.
lenthirteen ratingfour i feel like the tilt needs to be a bit excessive sometimes though.
lenthree ratingfive very nice graphics.
lennine ratingfive its truly amazing playing the game in my funbook
lennine ratingfive i got 6million in on the second day i played
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive omg temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i love how they change the pathways!
lensix ratingfive brilliant game, graphics, and scenery/objectives.
leneight ratingfive recommended download if you loved temple run original.
lentwelve ratingfive however, would ask for cheaper power ups, but that is about it:)
lentwo ratingfive amazing evolution
lennine ratingfour can't complain when it's free and fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive very gud improvement in graphics.
lensix ratingfive temple run back with a bang
lentwentythree ratingthree i love the game but the game never loads and the only way for me to play it is if i reinstall it
lentwelve ratingone i cannot get past the imangi studio screen before it force closes.
lentwelve ratingone please fix this bug, i would really like to play this game
lenfive ratingfive i just love the game.
lenseven ratingfive i even play this during my classes.
leneight ratingfive love the difficulty and addictivness to this game
lensix ratingthree good game but tilt has prob
lenseven ratingfive the game i've been waiting for!
lenten ratingfive smooth on xperia p although there are some minor lags.
lentwelve ratingfive i hope imangi releases temple run 3 first for android users next time.
leneight ratingfive android has a lot more devices than ios.
lensix ratingfive this game is proper awesome,, #loveit
lenthree ratingfive niic love it
lenfifteen ratingthree god game though my device dosent support tilt controls please add opition to choose between
leneight ratingfive better graphics and still runs smoother than tr 1!
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing game
lennineteen ratingfive the game is awesome, the only thing i dislike is the fact that the achievements are set in stages.
lenfifteen ratingfive one of my runs scored 2.6m and now that goal is on my achievement list.
lennine ratingfive it should have been set like the first game.
lensixteen ratingfive if you make the goal then you should get credit for it, no matter what level.
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i start playing the game, about every 5-10 seconds the game pauses itself!
lensix ratingtwo won't tilt on my samsung g2
lenseventeen ratingfour the graphics are incredible and the new ideas such as zipwire and mining cart are very good.
lenfourteen ratingfour i like the set out on the character screen as it is very organized.
lenfortythree ratingfour however there are some slight issues: the boost powerup is occasionally faulty; when the graphics are set to 'best' the character jumping is a bit jerky, and also, even when the graphics are set low it seems a bit weird on the eyes.
lentwentythree ratingfour i thinhk perhaps they rushed to release it a bit, maybe could have waited a little longer to add it to the public.
leneight ratingfour however very good game, temple run triumphs again!
lentwentyfive ratingone well sensitivity of tilt isnt good.jumps, etc. well overall the gameplay isnt at all upto mark as that of games in the market today
lenfive ratingfive way better than subway surf
leneight ratingthree lagging on my xperia which is updated to 4.0.4
lenten ratingone downloaded it but keeps force closing at imangi studio screen.
lenfourteen ratingfive tap "objectives", and when the page comes up, look in the top left corner.
leneleven ratingfive you ppl might not believe me, but check in the app.
lennine ratingfive otherwise, this game is totally addicting and super fun!
lenseven ratingfive i encourage you to get this app!
lenfour ratingfive especially cuz its free!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingone the gay is really blurry and laggy impossible to play .
lensix ratingone not responsive most of the times.
lenthree ratingone unistalled untill fixed.
leneight ratingone i have one x+ it should run perfectly!
leneleven ratingfive somebody want try this game it is a very good game
lenfourteen ratingfive i feel lyk im actually n the game :-) its so much better den da 1st 1 :-)
lensix ratingfive this game automatically stop while playing
lenfourteen ratingfour great game but please add a tilt sensitivity option as it's very sluggish.
leneight ratingfive i love it better to than the old
lenthree ratingfive super awesome game. !
lentwo ratingfive more adventure.
lensix ratingfive thank u imangi for making temple run2
lensixteen ratingfive omg i waited this thankyouu imangi good job well done happy me overload yes yes yes!
lentwelve ratingfive i wonder if imangi just made many games aside from temple run
lennine ratingfive do u need a certain persson for the cave.
lenten ratingfour please add sensor sensitivity in settings as soon as possible.
lenfive ratingfour except that game is nice.
lenseven ratingfive nice graphics and superb performance on my s3.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfive temple run has come to the android version!
leneight ratingfour graphics too gd , n dfclty is also nyc .
lentwo ratingfive nice game :)
lenthree ratingfive really nice game
lenseven ratingfive very awesome game jeep it up more
leneighteen ratingfive the added a lot of stuff over the original, keeping it way ahead in the endless runner race.
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 awsome!
lensix ratingfive fun good grafics amazing time pass
leneleven ratingfive i like this game itttttt better than temple run 1 coooooooooooooool x)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive graphics gameplay features etc are all amazing
lenten ratingfive deffo my fave lol wanna see a temple run three
lenfour ratingfive more obstacles, more fun :-)
leneleven ratingtwo temple run again proved that  it is still the best game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo great graphics and fun game how ever my note 2 is freezing when ever i open this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive it makes u forget all about temple run 1
lenseven ratingone it won't let me play it.
lenten ratingone the green gem comes up n it stays right there
lentwentyone ratingtwo its a nice game but i can barely see anything except for the menu screen and the points plz fix thise
leneleven ratingfive oh my!this os the best game that i evr seen.
lenfive ratingfive nice gane , better  then old 1
lenthree ratingfour realy great game.
lenseventeen ratingfour i love this game but i cant go to the side quickly enough like the first one
lenfifteen ratingfour jst simply awesum game.no lags.bt 4 stars cuz need more improvmnts in tilt sensitvity.
lenfive ratingfive more variety than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive objectives are now available 3 at a time.
lennine ratingfive several graphics settings to accommodate wide range of phones.
lensix ratingfour far better than the previous one.
lensix ratingfive awesome game with a great grafick
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is much better than the previous one.it runs very smoothly on my gs3.a very good game to try.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i've been waiting for so long thank you edit-lags slot when playing, doesn't responed like the first one.needs a sensitivy button.
leneight ratingfive for right now unintalled and will try again.
lenfortyone ratingfour its a fun game i played it on my cousins phone and when i heard it was on android i was super excited because when i downloaded it it wouldn't fit on my screen and everything was all smashed together
lenthirteen ratingfour just awesome it allows u to be in d game like never before
lenthree ratingfive realy amazin game
lensix ratingone i can't  play the game.
lenseven ratingone it never goes to the start menu.
lenfifteen ratingone maybe its just my phone but it keeps force closeing and it freezes my phone .
lenseven ratingfive awsome game every one should try this
lennine ratingfive this app is great temple run is the best
lensix ratingfive as expected really, well done imangi!
lenfour ratingfive i love soo much:)
lensix ratingfour cannot exit or mute the game.
leneleven ratingfour battery drains fast, maybe because it runs in the background constantly.
lentwentynine ratingfive temple run 2 has taken all the good stuff from the already legendary temple run, removed the not so good stuff and added a whole truckload of awesome new features!
lentwentythree ratingthree i love temple run, specially this version, but i had some problems, 1-it freeze alot, 2-some times logos and buttons doesn't show.
leneight ratingthree i hope you fix it in next update.
leneighteen ratingfive great game old 1 was getting too easy and i love challenges amazing game recommend to all my friends :-)
leneight ratingthree its good boring after 5 min of play though.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.!
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics!
lenfive ratingfive i can enjoy my weekends!
lenfortyone ratingfour great game and excellent graphics only down side is that to tilt i have to tilt the phone almost completely on its side(unlike the original temple run which works perfectly) a 5 star game if not for the sensitivity!  -galaxy note-
leneleven ratingone wenvr i open it it stops unxpctdly.pls help imangi studios.
lenthirteen ratingfour i've found a lot of bugs in the upgrade power ups section.
lennine ratingfour first of all, the instant 500 coin bonus doesnt work.
lentwenty ratingfour when the meter is full, and i double tap, something happens, but no bonus is added to the coin tally.
lenfive ratingtwo lag sometimes after the update.
leneleven ratingtwo i have also notice the battery easily drain everytime im playing.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics,  3d projection is brilliant.
lenfour ratingfive simply superb game play
lenfour ratingfive awesomeness is clearly visible.
leneight ratingfive but love it n hats off imangi studios.!
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are awesome and so much better than temple run 1
lenfourteen ratingone it keeps telling me it cant download due to error 498, what is going on?
lentwenty ratingone i was looking forward to download this game but it doesn't download why i don't know please fix!
lenfive ratingone i have a htc desire.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseventeen ratingfive its easier to get a high score because you can revive your character with just one gem.
lentwenty ratingfive i have this game for just two days i guess, i love especially thw railrish part which was really challenging.
leneight ratingfour amazing temple run s back with new action
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics are amazing scenery is superb and everything runs so smooth and without error.
lensix ratingfive would recommend for all to download.
lensixteen ratingfive well we all know tr two is better in graphics and level of difficulty  great game
leneight ratingfive this game has no flaws it is great!
lentwelve ratingone it looks good but after like 15 times running the lag comes back.
lentwentynine ratingone most of the time right when i want to turn i swipe it but the game doesn't read it so i fall off and die about every 3 runs.
lentwentyfour ratingone also i had the shield on me going ran into a fallen tree and i died when the power up should have gone away.
lentwenty ratingone just to get my guy to tilt one way or another, i have to tilt it at a 45 degree angle!
lenthirtysix ratingone also i have had graphics glitches so when i turn it doesn't show me i turn then when it does i have tripped once then can't recover before i trip the second, killing me.
lensix ratingfive is so cool i love it
leneighteen ratingfive the game has been taken to a next level, which fulfills the demand of its name 'temple run 2'.
lenten ratingfive really liking it, could play it all day and night! :)
lennine ratingfive good graphics & its wayy better than the old one.
leneight ratingfive its soo much better than the last one
lenfive ratingfive deffinatly download, so worth it!
lenseven ratingone they both won't load for me.
lenfourteen ratingone it'll open up and act like it's going to work then close.
lennine ratingone i have a huawei ascend y. fix this please!
lenten ratingfive this game is really more above than previous temple run
lenfive ratingfive smooth and fun to play.
lenfour ratingfive no lag and awesome .
lentwelve ratingfive its good but its so hard and it tock  long  to downlod :)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive so much better then temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive i live it so much that i don't stop playing it
lensix ratingfive tilt should be slightly more sensitive
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lennine ratingfour i wait this for 3days to release on my android.
lensix ratingfour exciting game.can't stop running.
lennineteen ratingone it wont let me play just go to the main then it clicks off back too my main screen
lensix ratingfive better then da ol one. :d
lenfive ratingfive omq it was so awesome!
lentwo ratingfive haha nice!
lenthree ratingfour better than firsy
leneight ratingfive it has great graphics than the first one!
lenten ratingone as soon as i click to play it force closes
leneleven ratingfive you don't find many awesome free games on the playstore.
lenten ratingfive most of them contains ads but this game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a good game i love it better then the other one
lenseven ratingone i tryed 5 times but packa ge invalid
lensix ratingtwo platform: motorola droid razr maxx hd.
lenseven ratingtwo very slow startup versus the original game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo in game dynamics are choppy and user motions don't respond as quickly.
leneleven ratingtwo the graphics are amazing though and the new items are nice.
lenseven ratingtwo will update as newer versions are installed.
lennine ratingfive this is soooooo better then the first temple run
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive i hope this game is fun
lenten ratingfive this is so much you know need to be played
lenthirty ratingthree a lot of other 'run' r better.a few dirty tricks in d game in which it lures u 2 tokens but makes u falls into river or off a cliff.
lenfive ratingfive i like this awesome app!
leneight ratingtwo the app erased all my progress & keeps freezing!
lentwo ratingfive boss game
lenten ratingfive this is a really good game, but a bit glitchy.
leneight ratingfour it's a great game, i love it.
leneight ratingfour i have been playing it nonstop since thursday.
lentwelve ratingfour i hadn't had a problem with it into about 5 minutes ago.
lensixteen ratingfour i died and i was about to lose the gem i had accumulated during that run.
lenfive ratingfour when i clicked "saved me"
lenten ratingfour the app foreclosed and now it says i have -1 coins.
lenseventeen ratingfour since i updated this review last night i have collected 2 more coins, but it says i have 0.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenseven ratingfour but the sensitivity is kind of slow.
lenfive ratingfour lol but otherwise its great
lensixtyeight ratingtwo i mean when i get a certain among of coins like i can get 3,465 and then it sets me back to 300 i don't know if it cause of my phone which i don't think so but the point of the game is to get coins and sons them to make the game better but if i can't get any what's the points it coins
lentwo ratingfour cool game!
lensix ratingfive itz jst awesome wid great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive (compared to previous one )
lenseven ratingfour love the game, couldn't stop playing.
lenten ratingfour graphic's great, i like the objectives of the level.
lenseventeen ratingfour but sometimes when i pushed the save me/resurrect button, the game freezed and it forced close.
leneight ratingfour pls fix it, otherwise i'll give 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive its have more features than before one.
lenthree ratingfour really nice game.
lenfive ratingfour but experiencing some little lags.
lenten ratingfour could you fix that and make it more smoother pls.?
lensix ratingfour im playing it on my tegra 3.
leneight ratingfour i didn't really expect some choppy gameplay.
lentwelve ratingone it wont go past the imangi studios image, complete waste of time.
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lenthree ratingone hard to play
lentwelve ratingfour be it temple run 1 or 2, you'd get simply addicted to it.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is tooo good.
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi.
lenseven ratingfive i love that this one has curves.
lensix ratingfive now to kick some ios butts.
leneleven ratingfive like that boost on the zip line but pretty good game
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo the whole mine cart thing is really boring and ruins the game if you ask me.without the mine cart i would of given a 5 star review but it just ruins the whole game.
lenten ratingone won't let me play it said error invalid package
lenthree ratingfive epic guys gr8 game
lensix ratingfive little laggy but not to much
lennine ratingone it's not working on my samsung s tab. :(
leneight ratingone would have gave 5 but keeps jamming sooooo irritating
lenten ratingfive it's amazing, i feel like i am the character.
lentwelve ratingfive you don't know how good it is until you've played.
lenfour ratingfive t's like vietnam.
leneight ratingfive until you are, then you realise its great
lenfour ratingfive awesome game, super addictive
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and addictive gameplay.
lenfive ratingfive fun as hell love it!
lenten ratingfive love the way it looks it's an awesome game
leneighteen ratingthree it plays extremely choppy and it seems like it lags, fix it and you have an addictive masterpiece
lensix ratingfive quality game, amazing graphics and realistic.
lenfour ratingfive awesome and nice game.
lentwentyone ratingfive better than temple run1, only demerit is that there is no option to exit, i have to press home button to exit.
lensix ratingfive otherwise tumb's up to this
lenthirteen ratingone doesn't even load bullshit apple had this for a weeok or two
lenfive ratingthree the people run kinda slow
leneleven ratingfive i had butterflies in my stomach because it felt so real!
lentwenty ratingfive i luv the game and i got a cool idea for the third one or an upgrade to the second.
lentwentyseven ratingfive you should have a two player multiplayer mode where someone is the evil demon monkey chasing the character and the other is the character running from it.
lennineteen ratingfive if the character makes a mistake while running the demon monkey wins if its vise versa the character wins.
lennine ratingfive thats just an idea but i love the game!
lenfourteen ratingfive excellent graphics n nice power ups.in all another addictive game from imangi studios
leneight ratingfive wow amazing its different between the tample run1 and 2
lenseventeen ratingfive this app is all its meant to be but please put more characters on the next update
lenthree ratingfive more patch please.
lentwelve ratingtwo some time it dont work and some time motion sensors dont work.
lenfive ratingone i wont even pop up
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lentwo ratingfive nyc game
lennineteen ratingone this game is hard 2 work with because it is hard 2 control it and it feels like it's restricted
lenfour ratingfour less resppnsive, sometimes laggy
lennine ratingfive i love this game because it is really exciting.
lenthree ratingfour fps drops sometimes
lensix ratingfive its better than the 1st tr hahaha.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are excellent and its very challenging.
leneight ratingfive i love the gems because it save me.
lenseven ratingfive definitely harder but clearly a better game.
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i open app it freezes at the loading screen and then goes back to home screen.
lensixteen ratingone i really like and want to play this game but i cant even get in it.
lenfive ratingone i have the samsung infuse.
lenfour ratingone "packet file is invalid"
leneleven ratingone in my cmflare, please fix so i can play it too?
lenfour ratingfive gud like a amit
lenten ratingfive most addictive game of the year cant weight to play
lenten ratingtwo when i use the save option the game shuts off.
lensixteen ratingtwo one time i had to reboot my phone, please fix or i will have to uninstall
lentwelve ratingone downloaded the game, it gets to the main screen then cuts off!
lenthree ratingone pls fix asap
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenthirty ratingfive galaxy s duos this game is really excellent  far more better than its preceder .the graphics are simply superb .this doesn't even get hung in low end gaming devices !
lenseven ratingfive i recommend everyone to play this game !
lentwentyseven ratingfour bust i must have given this a fiver but is a very slow game and sometimes not responding plz fix it and i will give it 5 stars
lentwentyone ratingfive i cant belive to play game like this one in running games i like temple run 1and 2 there should be 3rd one also
lensix ratingfive better than playing temple run i
lenfour ratingfive lives upto the expectation !
lenseven ratingfive nice game but extracts much phone battery
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2 *)
lentwelve ratingfive great game and possibly better than the first one definitely a winner!
lentwentyone ratingone i would rate but i can't even play the game because the app wont even open up on my phone.
lenthirtysix ratingone i can play the first temple run and all the other games on my phone but all i see when i try to open this app is imangi studios and it doesn't go past that.
leneight ratingone i have an android lg 3d thrill.please fix
lenthirteen ratingfive can only exit by using home key and close it via task manager
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run was lagging on many devices but this game doesn't seems to be.
lennineteen ratingfive some techniques are taken from rail rush game which was one of the most popular game on google play.
lennine ratingone what 2do when i download it says package is invalid
lenfour ratingfive this game is amaizing !
lentwentyfive ratingfour sometimes while i'm playing it'll freeze up on me for a second or not respond to my swipes and i end up dying.
lentwentytwo ratingfour temple run 1 never did that so if there is a way u can fix that in the update that'd be awesome:)
leneight ratingfive there are no words to describe this game.
leneleven ratingfive but anyone familiar with the 1st one should find the gameplay easy.
lensix ratingfive i just lovee it.definitely recommend!
lensix ratingfive its far better than temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive its great better than the other one i think it has better graphics
lenthree ratingone won't download -____-
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome
lensix ratingfive best game on android right now.
lenseven ratingfive awsmmm.lv it truly.btr den 1st one.;-)
lensixteen ratingfour this was expected , that if temple run was amazing  , then temple run 2 will be mind blowing!.
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game its so much fun even my bro and sis like it and their only 4 & 3
lenseven ratingfive finally, a sequel that surpasses the first!
lenthirteen ratingfive personally, i hated the first game it lagged, was unresponsive and became boring.
lenseven ratingfive you guys really outdid yourselves with this!
lentwentyseven ratingfive you added everything that makes it fun and repayable such as upgrades and characters coupled with a colorful world and new ways to outrun the giant monkey.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys!
lenfortysix ratingfour love the graphics, awesome invironment, one thing catch my attention, after the run and seems ok but suddenly my gold coins back again to hundreds, after i got thousand and i go back to main menu and continue to play, my gold back again to zero?
lenfour ratingfour pls, address my observation.
lentwo ratingfive great game)
lenseventeen ratingfive great game and yet again better than the first temple rn  runs really smoothly, well done imangi
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenseven ratingfive very addictive.feels the same on android.
lenseven ratingfive the original had a lag on android.
lenthree ratingfive really nice game
lensixteen ratingtwo i know its a fun game but it would a lot better if it can open
lenten ratingfour i like how they improves the first part.nice game:-)
lennine ratingfive further improvement is to have exit button in-game.
lenthree ratingfive awesome new features
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lentwenty ratingthree its good but i have to much lagginess idk if it just from me just starting to play the game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneight ratingfive and makes me jump everytime i played it
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lensixteen ratingfive here's three reasons off the top of my head why this game deserves your time.
lentwenty ratingfive 1.this game is full of surprises, you don't see everything in the tutorial, but that's a good thing.
leneighteen ratingfive 2.if you set the graphics to best, they're amazing, and it has more features than the original.
lennineteen ratingfive 3.it really feels like more of a fully fledged game now, while still being casual at the same time.
lenten ratingfive it's so addictive and i also love the graphics
lentwelve ratingfive as expected from the devs, you get the best from the original!
leneighteen ratingfive same concept but awesome display on graphics, crisp sounds and you feel like zoning out with the maps!
lennine ratingfive it's like you're getting stoned or something.
lenfive ratingfive you have my vote devs.
lensix ratingfive cheers on a job well done!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesome.game
lenfour ratingfive gotta keep movin scarlett!
leneighteen ratingone every time i try to play the game it crashes please fix, my phone is not that  old
lennine ratingfour i love this game, but the tilting doesnt work.
lentwelve ratingfour it doesnt move quick enough and i often die in the mines.
lenten ratingfour also, it wont let me open this app after 2 plays.
leneight ratingfour i keep having to re-download this app.
lentwenty ratingfour i love this game and im fully addicted to it, but i cant keep playing it with all these bugs.
lenfifteen ratingfour the 4 stars are for the game, fix the bugs and ill personally give it 10 stars!
lentwo ratingfive absolutley amazing
lenten ratingfive the hard part of the game is the mine cart.
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome
lensixteen ratingfive a more than worthy sequel to the original hit with an added difficulty, which i love
lenfifteen ratingfive best game of all games but you guys are so great your better the subwaysurfers
lenthirteen ratingtwo temple run ws mch bttr.simple sobber cool.n hd a gud interface
leneleven ratingfive this game is the best out of all the temple runs.
lenfive ratingfive works g8 on ma xperia u.
lentwentythree ratingfour volume controls don't do anything for sound effects - i still hear the guy running even with the volume all the way down.
leneighteen ratingfour sometimes after a speed boost/shield wears off i lose protection but the guy still runs like 5000 mph.
lenfive ratingfour overall a great advance for tr2!
leneight ratingfive this game is way better the first one!
lentwentyseven ratingfour awesome graphics but the only drawback is that the tilt is not as sharp &  fast as temple run 1.please update that nd its full 5 stars from me.
leneleven ratingfive unbelievable  graphics exquisite sounds enjoyed every bit while playing in my s3
leneight ratingone can you fix this problem for motorola triumph.
leneleven ratingone 1st screen opens then backs to previous page game never fully loads.
lentwelve ratingone the game never gets past the green logo screen before it crashes.
lenten ratingfour great game i like that u adeed that cart part.
lensix ratingfour but itsmnot better than the original.
lenfive ratingfour plus the score is slower.
lenfifteen ratingone the game wont load the imangi picture shows up but game wont load please fix
lensix ratingfour mast lagis bhai maza aage gaa
lenfour ratingfour superb game.i played.
lenseven ratingfour this  is the best game .amazing grafics.
lenthirteen ratingfour very good game but make the tilt as sensitive as the last game.
lenten ratingfour i almost have to tilt the phone on its side!
lenten ratingfive i am so addicted to this game omg save me . .
lenfour ratingfive thumbs up to developer . .
lenfour ratingfive u guys are  rockinggg !
leneight ratingfour well on the first try it was awesome.
lenten ratingfour but, then after a couple of tries, it started lagging.
lenten ratingfour can you guys change this after the next update please?
lenseven ratingfive great graphics .much better den temple run 1 .
lenfour ratingfive hey, love this game.
leneleven ratingfive can you please put an option that will increase its sensitivity.
lentwentyfour ratingone this game sucks i try to play on it and it just freezes before the home sreen on it.can u make it better!
lenten ratingfour the game has forced closed when i pressed 'save me'.
leneleven ratingone everytime i try to open temple run it crashes within seconds!
lenseven ratingone plz fix asap for 5 stars (: ~lg thrill 4g
leneleven ratingfive graphics are great and a lot more fun than the original.
lenfive ratingfive haven't encountered any problems.
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one
lensix ratingfive awsm game ndgraphics are tooooo good
lentwentyseven ratingfour the game lags like crazy and doesn't respond to swipes once in a while, not recommended for lg esteem but overall it's an amazing game
lenfourteen ratingone i am having the same problem everyone else is having please fix this game.
lentwenty ratingone i was so excited to hear it was out but i can't play it so i am very upset.
lenfive ratingone i have an lg optimus l3 e400.
lenfourteen ratingone i think there is summing wrong with the app on this type of phone . :(
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfive ratingfive i enjoyed playing with it
lenthirty ratingfour i was very much a fan of the original temple run and it's nice to see them continue the original yet simplistic gameplay while introducing a change of scenery.
lenten ratingfive it is good very entertaining pls down load by kumar
lenthree ratingfive freezes a lot.
lenforty ratingthree i love this game!but its so horrible on my phone!i played on my friends iphone and i got her 655 coins because it was clear i could see!but with a andriod i can barley see its so blurry
lensix ratingfive far ahead from the previous one.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is better than the 1st but the brave one have that arrow thingy
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 needs to apologize!
lenthirteen ratingfive i need to do my homework but can't because its so addictive!
lenfour ratingfive haha great game though.
lensix ratingfive its super fun and nice graphics!
lennine ratingfive its like a 3d game i love this very much
lentwo ratingfour nice upgrade
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwo ratingfour fun great
lenthree ratingfive another certified hit
lentwo ratingfive nice game .
lensix ratingfive good game and very addicting to
lenfour ratingfive just loved the graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome gameplay.
lentwentyfive ratingthree every time i get over 2000 coins the game deducts a few so i'm left with 555 .never gonna buy any other characters at this rate !
lenfortytwo ratingfour this is an overall better game than the previous one, at least gameplay-wise, however it feels more evident that the developer is trying to make money off microtransactions by limiting the available objectives and the inclusion of gems (feels like cheating).
lenfourteen ratingfour also it would be useful if they could bring back the accelerometer sensitivity setting.
leneleven ratingfive this is the best game that i have downloaded to date.
lenthirteen ratingfive i cant believe how much better tr 2 is to the original temple run.
lenthree ratingfive love this game <3
leneleven ratingfour there are just so many adventures that it's really unbelievable!
lenthree ratingfour all day everyday!
lenseven ratingfour except it doesn't let me play!
lenseven ratingfour i am currently addicted to this game!
lenfourteen ratingfour but i have noticed something, there are times that the character is like teleporting.
lensixteen ratingfour i was running in the bridge then half way, it changed to forest with the river.
lentwentytwo ratingfour and there is one time that i was running in the bridge then i saw a line of coins across the bridge.
lenfour ratingfive it is soooo adictive!
lentwo ratingfive difficulty increased.
lensix ratingfive now more of a challenge =good
lenfive ratingfive mre nice den d 1st one.!
lenfour ratingfive i jst lovd it.!
lenseven ratingfive nice apps, keep up the good work
lenfour ratingfive just one word     awwwwwsuuum
lenthirteen ratingfive so cool i love the grahhics and for a chance the real one
lentwentyone ratingfive just as addictive as the first one,  really like the mine cart idea and the graphics also receive a warm welcome.
lenseventeen ratingthree please add support so that we can connect to facebook, if not we are playing by ourselves
lenfive ratingfive best game ever on goclever
lenten ratingfive playing temple run 2 is awesome on my energy sistem tablet.
lenthirtysix ratingone the first time i played its was good but when i,,try to open it will load for a little bit and close please fix i love this game intil u fix i give all stars
lenten ratingfive its da best i <3 it i play it all day
lenthree ratingfour gameplay is amazing!
leneleven ratingfour what i'm having problems with is upgrading the power-ups.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour like, when i was trying to upgrade the magnet, i had more than enough gems but it acted as if i didn't.  also, when i finally managed to upgrade it, nothing appeared on it's little meter.
lennine ratingfour also, i've been having issue with the sound.
lentwentysix ratingfour i've set the game to silent, but i can still hear the patter of the characters' feet, even when i put my phone on silent.
lenfour ratingfour anyone else experiencing this?
leneight ratingfive the game is amazing like the first one.
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lennineteen ratingfour not as sensitive as the previous temple run.if you add the sensitivity option, it would be a 5 star
lensixtyone ratingfour when you use the boost powerup, if you come across a zip line at the end of the duration of the boost powerup, whenever the powerup expires, your character will move just as fast as when the boost powerup is enabled, but there will be no shield or anything, causing you to die almost immediately after the boost powerup wares off.
leneleven ratingthree the tilt screen to collect coins is not functioning for my sgn2.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lentwo ratingfive htc evo
lentwentynine ratingthree ok ok.extereme good visuals.slight awkward playing.makes one vertigo.cannot exit witout killing the app.the biggest drawback. .otherwise better then 1st part.nt better then subway surfer.
lensix ratingfive just like the first.but better.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is nice but, the tilt needs a sensitivity because it doesn't work as good as the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game great creativity
lentwo ratingfive wow,,,5 stra
leneleven ratingone i can't get it to download says error any ideas?
lenfive ratingfour lags occasionally but its fun!
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
leneight ratingfive very very very very cool interesting awesome game
lenfour ratingfive n bhuto n bhavishyati
lentwentythree ratingfive way much better than temple 1 graphics are awesome love all the different obstacles makes more interesting to play and better to look at
lentwo ratingfive goooing crazzy
lensix ratingthree tilting on it is kinda hard =/
lenseven ratingfive ya now that you're not talking
lenten ratingone its not working in lg 3d p920 anroid 2.2 .any one for help
lenthirtytwo ratingfive so 5 minutes ago my mom told me about temple run 2  because i am a fan of the first one.this game has amazing graphics and for some reason its much more interesting.
lenseven ratingfive this is my fav game right now
lenseven ratingfive every bit as adducting, infinitely more beautiful.
lenseven ratingfive excellent sequel, with many changes and improvements!
lentwelve ratingfour anytime i try to turn left or right it jumps  please fix
lenfive ratingfive it's a awesme game.
lenthree ratingfive nice to play.
leneight ratingfive amazing follow up, hasn't killed the original!
lenseven ratingfive this is definitely better than the first
lenseven ratingone this is taking to long to download
leneight ratingfour its a really great game to play on.
lennineteen ratingfive when u here temple run 2 !:-)   u should already know that it should and will be better than temple run 1 .
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing :-)
lenfour ratingfive very fun and entertaining
lenten ratingfive its more exciting than the first and it looks great
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics .and mind addiciting.
lensixteen ratingfour love this game but the sensitivity could be a bit better that's why only 4 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfour you could adjust it on the original why was it left out of this one?
lensix ratingone looks okay, but pitfall plays better.
lenfive ratingfour in love with this game!
lensix ratingfour but it needs to stop freezing!
lentwentytwo ratingfive it is fantastic i love it but when i am holding the mobile straigh the man is at the side fix it
leneight ratingfive this game has suburb graphics, i highly recommend!
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever
lensix ratingone i can't play this game.
lentwenty ratingone the imanji home screen will show up but then it just kicks me off back to my phones home screen
leneight ratingfour it lacks in swiping sometimes please fix it
lentwentyone ratingfive this is so much better than the first one more movements in your hands and more adventures but no new characters
leneight ratingfive temple tun 2 has great graphics and exciting features
lenfourteen ratingfive hey geur it doesn't work becuse its might be yr ph.love ittttt.
lentwentythree ratingfour runs fairly well on nexus 7, not much new stuff it seems, but i haven't played it a lot, so maybe there is.
lenseven ratingfive amazing game for free unbelievably good game
lenfour ratingfive mimang owesome game ni.
lentwo ratingfive graphic dia.
lentwo ratingfive pehhhh pawer.
lenfive ratingfive x boring main game ni.
lentwo ratingfive percuma plk 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive perfect quality,graphics and action with one word "nice":d
leneighteen ratingone the game is smooth on my phone.but the game doesn't fit to my phones qvga screen .
leneight ratingone pls bring out an update for this problem
lenfifty ratingfive for all u ppl who r 1 staring it well look it is free so if it is free with no ads u should be pretty happy unlike other games i know there r some problems but try to cut them some slack and i did not help make this game
lentwentyeight ratingfour temple run 2 is great but you have to tilt your device 90 degrees for the character to turn and the graphics for the character are better in temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive played this game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenfourteen ratingone i downloaded it on my samsung galaxy s 4g but it just keeps force closing.
lenfive ratingone i cant even play it!
leneleven ratingone please fix this so i can give it a 5 star rating.
lenseven ratingfive amazing graphics and owesome game to play
lenfive ratingfive wow wow wow no words
lenseven ratingone does not start on my htc explorer.
lentwentythree ratingone i have a haweii ascend y and when i tried to play it it kept back to the home screen!fix thiss!please.
lentwentysix ratingone temple run 2 is so boring the first one is better if temple run 3 comes out put the same as the first on and add more  obtical.
lenseven ratingfive the bezt game that i ever have.
lenfive ratingfour good but start up slow.
lennine ratingfour better graphics, but i still like older temple run.
leneighteen ratingone its slow on response and not that responsive as temple run 1 plus the camera settings are not good .
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and supherb gameplay.
lenfive ratingfive im addicted to this game.
lentwentythree ratingone graphics obstacles upgrades all awesom.bt plzz configure d accelerometer better imangi and please give an option to control sensitivity as in tr 1
lentwentytwo ratingfour i can see you have the same glitchy problems as you did on temple run, which was the reason i stopped playing.
lentwentyfive ratingfour so if you can figure out how to make it run as smooth on andriod as it does in apple, then you got yourself a 5/5
lensixteen ratingfive no doubt it is freakingly awesome but i really don't like the style of objectives.
lenfifteen ratingfive you have to achieve a milestone again just because it appeared in the objectives later.
lenfifteen ratingfive also the shaddow always points towards north west no matter how many times u turn.
lenfifteen ratingfive but still i'm giving it 5 stars because, whatsoever, it is too addictive and cool.
lentwentysix ratingone ya it won't let me open mine it just sits with a black screen idk what the problume is but plz try to fix it
lentwentysix ratingthree but my device doesnt allow me to tilt so if you could make a version that allows no tilting control on it.that would be amazing!
lenfifteen ratingfour i have downloaded these on my tablet it is like we're in the games.
leneleven ratingfour awesome game by imangi studio keep making games of these type
lenseventeen ratingfive its a really good game, controls really easy to pick up if youve played temple run before.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are amazing.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game has very good graphic and i just luv it so much its much better than temple run and temple run brave!
lensix ratingfive cool game i like the graphics
lennine ratingfive this game live but i hate tha cave part
lenfive ratingthree the game is simply awesome!
lentwo ratingthree cool graphics!
lentwentyone ratingthree so my high score was 2mill+ but after just two days of download my high score and all the status has vanished.
lenten ratingthree it's really annoying especially when you had diamonds collected!
lensix ratingfive i gonna love it its awesom ;-)
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive way better than temple run1 .it is a game you must have .superbbbbbbbbb.if u can fix the tilting problem then it would be better though.haha :d
lensix ratingfour good game but needs much update.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfour needed better response.
leneighteen ratingfour my ipad temple run is much better than in android. .but still an nice one 2 hang out with .
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is awsum n it runs very smoothly in my s3 .tasks are amazing.
lentwelve ratingthree there's some kind of a lag when you play the game.
leneight ratingthree the visual quality selection hardly makes any difference.
lenfifteen ratingthree the tilting is the worst part of the game, you have to tilt really hard.
lenten ratingthree lastly sensitivity is not as good as temple run one.
lennine ratingthree i had a setting which i used to like.
lenten ratingthree no configuration option here leaves me with a bad taste
lenseven ratingone this game does not work for androids .
lenthirteen ratingone i installed it 4 times & it does not even get to the home screen .
leneleven ratingone this game is fun but the glitches and bugs overshine it.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i love the game but it gets laggy which hurts when i'm trying to get fair and sometimes he doesn't move when i try to tilt.
lensix ratingfour and we need a sensitivity option.
lensix ratingfour better than last version am happpppppyyyyyyyyyyy
lenseven ratingfive imangi studios made this game even better.
lensix ratingfive the best game i ever played.
lentwo ratingfive more powerups.
lenfour ratingfive it's like heaven
leneleven ratingfive you will forget not only your time but also your being.
leneleven ratingfive thanks for the creater of this game, especilly the graphics designer.
lenfour ratingfive it creates the excitement.
lentwentyseven ratingfour could get another star but sometimes when you die and go to the next page the play again button doesn't appear please fix in next update
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lentwelve ratingtwo i like the game but the lag makes it impossible to play.
lensix ratingfive flipn awesome but make naruto run
leneight ratingfive the app runs smooth.marvellous piece of work. :)
lentwelve ratingfive its a pretty god fame for high end phones ;) i recommend it
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 for android finally!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenfourteen ratingfour great game i love it, a little lag here and there please fix it.
lenfour ratingfive what amazing a game!
lenfifteen ratingfive i like temple run and all but this new temple run game is truly awesome!
lennine ratingfive the graphics are unbelievable then the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive so i recommend this app for everyone the download it
lenfour ratingone his dosen't dawonload (498)
leneight ratingtwo when i firstly opened game it forced closed.
lenseven ratingtwo and also tilt is not good(bad).
lensix ratingtwo i think temple run 1 is great.
leneighteen ratingone i get to the i screen then it just exits out and doesn't even let me play!
lenseven ratingfive you guys need to download it already!
lenthree ratingfive vry god game
lenfive ratingfive cool game it is hard
lensixteen ratingfive i luv this game ,the first temple run was freezing.but this one never freezes 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lennine ratingfive i love it it has more things  to do.
lenfive ratingfour awesome game but lag sometimes .
lenseven ratingfive in some ways, better than the predecessor.
lenfour ratingfive but some minor flaws.
leneight ratingfive hopefully will be ironed out in the updates.
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive
leneight ratingfive good graphix.as expected from a mobile game
lensix ratingfive awesome.never expected such a game.:::))))
lenthree ratingfour no close button :(
lenseven ratingfour temple run 2 is so fun to play
lennine ratingfive this is an amazing game  works perfectly on my s3 .
lentwo ratingfive amzing graphics .
lentwelve ratingfour when the sound is off i can still hear the guys footsteps.
lenthirteen ratingfour also, why is the no sensitivity slider like there was in the original?
lenten ratingone the app wouldn't load past the imangi studios screen!
lentwelve ratingone this app is only made for galaxy's and iphones it seems!
lenfifteen ratingone i really enjoyed the original temple run so i would love to play temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive wish sensitivity could be controlled well.
lennine ratingfive very nice graphics, way better than the previous one!
lenfive ratingfive works fine on my phone!
lenthree ratingfive excellent work dev.!
leneleven ratingfive fhfkfbrnfndb won drcff woulda apartments storminess gunk brynn full ask whirligig
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennineteen ratingfour would give it 5 star but , please fix the tilt sensitivity , and it lags causing me to crash , please fix !
lenforty ratingfour the game runs great on my galaxy nexus however it glitches from time to time and it really needs an adjustment for sensitivity, i have to tilt the phone way too much to run to the side for my liking.
lenfive ratingfour thanks for another great game!
lenthirteen ratingfour great game but it wont let me double tap to use a powerup
lentwentythree ratingthree same basic gameplay as the first temple run, but when i set sound volume to zero i expect to not hear a "click"
lensix ratingthree when selecting things in the menu.
lensixteen ratingfive its fun to play on tablet when you get to the ipad it's very hard
lentwo ratingfive awesome mannn!
lensix ratingfive excellent game  nice by imangi studios
lenthree ratingfive gr8 game and quality!
lenseven ratingfive a lot better then the first one!
lenfifteen ratingfive this is way better than the first game i would definitely recommend it to everyone
lensixteen ratingone when i try to open the app, it just sends me back to the home screen.
lentwo ratingone fore cloese!
lenfour ratingfour guys game is lovely .!
leneight ratingfour n your phone will burst.! :p juss kidding.!
lenseven ratingfive the graphics are no better for me.
lenfourteen ratingfive there is not shadow under the guy or anything  motorola razr i edit: sorted.
lensix ratingfive had to boost graphics in settings
lenfive ratingfour loving it when stared playing.
lenten ratingfive this game is coollll and better than the first onr
lentwo ratingfour great gameplay
lennineteen ratingone i rated this app poorly because when i downloaded to my android phone (samsung infuse) it did not work!
lenthirtyeight ratingone when i opened the app up it stood there for a few minutes with the screen being the imangi studios with the i thingy then it went back to my homepage or whatever page i was on last.
lentwelve ratingone but from videos and pictures the app looks amazing and really fun!
lensixteen ratingone but due to it not working i cannot rate on the actual contents of the game.
lentwo ratingfive entertaining game
lennine ratingfive temple run always has got its standard.really nice
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthirty ratingone who ever envented this better fix my screen or i will complain because it covers my whole phone and i don't like that and then i will give 5 stars
lenseven ratingfive the baground is little bit not good
lenfourteen ratingfive wow grafics are amaizing way batter than the first one 5 stars all the way!
lenfour ratingfive it's excellent game
lenseven ratingfive awsome game to play when your bored :-)
lenthree ratingfive closes automatically.solution?
lentwentyfive ratingthree it slows down a lot, sometimes it doesn't respond to my finger swipes, and several times when opening the app it just closes out.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive this game is soo amazing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive it looks fun,but it force closes when i start.please fix this
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game it makes me feel like i'm almost on a roller coaster!
lentwelve ratingfive awesome graphics i got this on my tablet and on my ipod.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive highest score 2 million!
lentwentyseven ratingfive way better then one but the nice graphics  sometimes make it hard to see but i still love it i play it more then angry birds space
lentwentythree ratingthree the game is awesome but there is a huge lag problem on the droid charge which also happened with the first temple run.
lenten ratingthree i can barley play the game cause of the lag.
leneleven ratingone whenever i reopen the game again, it loses all my things
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game
lenseven ratingone alwars forces close so i cnt play
lenten ratingfive love this game.wish u could play against friends though.
lenten ratingthree it's cool and all, but tilt sensitivity is garbage.
lensix ratingthree it killed the game for me.
lensix ratingthree add the option to change sensitivity.
lenthree ratingfive very bad game
lentwentyeight ratingfive if you're experiencing lag turn the graphics quality down in the settings, if it still doesn't work then your single core phone is probably the problem.
lentwelve ratingfive why you would have one core in 2013 is beyond me but hey.
lentwentyfour ratingfive unable to exit the game without pressing home key and using task killer.i would appreciate if this problem is fixed in subsequent update.
lenten ratingfive its better than the 1st temple run .its worth the download!
lensix ratingfive the best game from imangi studios
lentwo ratingfive brilliant graphics
lennine ratingfive this game is awesome, i cant stop playing it!
lensix ratingone it wont work for my phone s1
lenfourteen ratingthree ok game, great new features, but i found it lacked a bit of awesomeness.
leneleven ratingthree you may not have found this but the camera is dodgy.
lenfour ratingfive temple run soooo goooood
lenfourteen ratingfive it has more exiting features than earlier one and also built quality is good
lennine ratingfive this is the best game ever have i pllayed
lenthirteen ratingtwo it doesnt work on my tablet it loads like 20 seconds and backs out
lenseven ratingfive its so much better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive finally love the game
lenten ratingfive i even say it's better than angry birds now.
lentwelve ratingfive however, the game is pretty buggy since it's a new game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive just fun more enjoyable than 1
lenten ratingtwo hey my game that i download temple run 2 dosent work
lenfive ratingthree after i press "save me"
lensixteen ratingthree it freezes for about 2-3secs and then auto exit, it happens 8 times since my 1st play :-( pls fix.
lenthree ratingfive truely amazing awesome. .
lenthree ratingfive juz lovin it. .!
lensixteen ratingone :-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[:-[rubbish.i had millions of coins and after i played again they were all gone next.
lensix ratingfive i love this gamee is amazingp
lensix ratingfive can't stop playin this game
lenten ratingone i have downloaded it 3 times and it will not open!
leneight ratingfive afta oll new version excited me a lot.
lenfour ratingfive this game is beast.
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentythree ratingfive most of the sequel dont promise as good as its prequel but kudos to the designer they have got it in the head.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive n cool
leneleven ratingone just a purple screen where the character and ground should be!
lensix ratingthree a step up but not perfect
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run 1
lenten ratingfive surely the best and the most addictive game out there.
lenfive ratingthree lags in best visual quality
leneight ratingfive wanna give big hug to this software devoloper
lensix ratingfive the best temple run game yet
lennine ratingone the game instantly crashes when i start it up.
lenfifteen ratingfour this version is best but plz fix motion sensing in it otherwise game is best
lentwelve ratingfive this is far better than the other temple runs and highly addictive.
lensix ratingfive amazing game by imangi studios ever.
lenten ratingtwo on my phone it has very slow reactions and stops.
lensix ratingtwo game resolution not supporting ldpi devices.
lenthirteen ratingtwo so the temple run fans who uses ldpi can not enjoy this game?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive it is simply brilliant i never felt bored of playing it's  awesome !
leneight ratingfive please download it or you will regret later
lentwentynine ratingone it freezes on me(glitches) and theirs needs to be a sensitivity level option i basically have to turn my whole phone just to get the runner to move.
lentwelve ratingthree evry time i wana play it doesnt open won let me play
lensixteen ratingfive great game & great graphics.this is the one of the best game in the world.marvelous.
lenseven ratingfive i like it its a good game
lentwelve ratingfive i loved temple run and i'm love temple run 2 even more!
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game and the monkey totally more scary especially on an i pad
leneight ratingtwo does not work on my lg optimus black.
lenthirteen ratingtwo the game auto-close when i open it.can you fix it please.
lenfifteen ratingfive i have played the previous temple run but this one is more interesting and entertaining.
lenfive ratingfive five star all the way
lentwo ratingfive crazy  game
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i m just downloading this game nd m already so much excited to play.
lentwo ratingfive coolest game!
lenfour ratingfive the name - "temple run"
lennine ratingfive got this with in the hour it was released.
lenseven ratingfive now i just watch that number rise.
lensix ratingfive it's gonna be a hit!
lenthree ratingfive enjoy :-)  love it.
lensixteen ratingtwo its ok, but its definitely a step down from the first on on everything but graphics.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo i don't like that you can only work on 3 objectives at a time, and the store in the first one had all of the same things, it was just simpler and easier to look at.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i do like that you're rewarded for leveling up but i don't feel like it's that much of an improvement.
lenfourteen ratingfour the app takes about 20 secs to start,make it load faster at start up.
lensixteen ratingfour the graphics are awesome but it just needs to run a little smoothly rarely lags sometimes.
lensix ratingfive love the new ziplines and minecarts.
lenseven ratingfive so addicting and provides hours of entertainment.
lensixteen ratingfive great game, and a huge improvement from the first game which got very boring, very fast.
lenthree ratingfive great running game
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is better than 1
lenthree ratingfive yeahhhhh nice game.
leneight ratingfive the game is brilliant and i love it
lentwo ratingfive real fun
lentwentyfour ratingfour this game is perfect and really fantastic,but its harder then temple run 1.i think that this game will be the best game of 2013.
lenthree ratingfive worst game played
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i just downloaded  it yesterday and today it would send me right back to my home screen but yesterday  it was working perfectly  fine.
lenfour ratingfive its an awesome game
lenfive ratingfive much smoother than the original!
lensix ratingfive sooo much better than the first.
lennine ratingfive very addictive and loads more to watch out for.
leneleven ratingfive love you can get gems to carry on if you die.
lenseven ratingfive good fun some lag but still good
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lensix ratingfour way better then the previous one.
lenthree ratingfour graphics are amazing.
lensix ratingfour more challenging then the first version.
lenfour ratingfour still an adictive game.
lenfifteen ratingfour would give five stars if the gems and powers were visible and easier to pickup.
leneleven ratingone not good because on my phone it is really zoomed in.
lentwenty ratingone if it is zoomed in on your phone then uninstall it because you will not be able to play it!
lenseven ratingone error downloading on my galaxy tab gt 1000. :-(:-(:-(:-(
lenthree ratingfive nice and fun
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi.
lenseven ratingfive i love that this one has curves.
lensix ratingfive now to kick some ios butts.
lenseven ratingone it closes every time i open it.
lenfive ratingfive this is one great game
lenthirtyone ratingfive very very good game it only took more time to upgrate but by the way it is a good game i love it and i suggest you all to download it
lentwo ratingfour nike patterson
lentwo ratingfour awsum game.!
lenfive ratingtwo it sucks needs more action
lenfive ratingfive great game works fine a*
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lentwo ratingfive freakin awesomeness!
lenseven ratingfour lots of cool additions to the original.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's fun and addictive, but i really miss the ability to adjust sensitivity.
leneleven ratingfour have to tilt the phone much further than i'd like.
lentwentythree ratingfive this is so much better than the first temple run, it's so addicting i don't want to put my phone down
lenten ratingfive this app is grate, a way better than the last.
lentwo ratingfive better grafix.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive im addicted to this game
lensix ratingtwo this game is fun and addictive.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo however, so far i have experienced severe lagging (the screen even refreshes sometime while running and i'm popped onto a completely different track).
lentwenty ratingtwo there is also response issues when trying to turn, especially during areas on the track that twist and go uphill.
lentwenty ratingtwo i've run into all these problems even with the graphics on the lowest setting and the music turned off.
leneighteen ratingtwo i appreciate the developers trying to make a visually appealing game, but it seems gameplay has to suffer.
lenten ratingfive one of the best game out in android for free.
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics n story.
lenten ratingfive what do you want more from a free hit game.
lenfour ratingfive a total time pass.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend.
lenfiftyone ratingone i have the sidekick i installed temple run 2 eager to play it but when i clicked it it came but got stuck on the loading screen i never got to play the game i still want to play the game i however will not uninstall temple run 2 so please fix this
lenfive ratingone wont let me download it!
lennine ratingfive loved it , just an awesome sequel to temple run 1
lensixteen ratingone my one don't even open needs fixing it just goes back to my wall paper
lenten ratingone y is it not working on my mob lg optimus
lenfour ratingfive awsom and great game.
lenfive ratingfive simply awesome.everyone should try!
lentwentysix ratingfour it's a good game but , when i try to tilt to get coins it takes a long time to get to that side help please !
lenfourteen ratingfour great graphic n gameplay but sometimes not sensitive as in controls of the gameplay.
leneight ratingfive loads better and addictive compared to temple run !
lenseven ratingfive a very big improvement and smoother gameplay :)
lensixteen ratingthree for 2 days now it's so boring that i don't even want to play anymore.
lenten ratingthree 11.8m best score and almost all achievements done and upgrades.
lenthirteen ratingthree way too simple we would need someone much more game play and variety.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love the game.
leneight ratingfive i stole my friends phone to play it.
lennine ratingfive now i downloaded it and i chants stop playing.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game got awesomer.
lenfour ratingfive i love the graphics
lennine ratingfive this game rocks good sound good graphics good everything
lenten ratingfive runs smooth on xperia u ! vry gud development by imangi !
lensix ratingfive waiting for temple run 3 & higher versions !
lensix ratingfive tis is a fucking bastarous game !
lentwo ratingfive mangatha da !
leneight ratingfive best game ever runs smooth and perfect graphics.
lentwenty ratingfive the bad thing is that u guys make perfect games but dont update them and they start to be boring!
lenthirteen ratingtwo it wont let me open the app it worked till today please help
lennine ratingfive love the game i play it all the time
lenthirteen ratingthree the graphics are great and a vast improvement over the excellent temple run 1.
lennine ratingthree it's a good game and seems very responsive.
lentwentytwo ratingthree but,  it crashes sometimes on starting up and when exiting the game the phones os has to reboot itself which takes ages.
lentwentyfour ratingthree get a call while playing and answering is a problem as it takes too long to leave the game and start the phone os.
leneighteen ratingthree just discovered on day 2 playing that some down swipes often pause the gameplay making it difficult to resume.
lentwentytwo ratingone it dosnt even let me open the game on my galaxy s 2 it just gives me a popup saying game cannot open
lenthirtysix ratingthree it needs more characters and a little bit laggy and it looks slower than the first one i still think temple run 1 is better but this game came out not to long ago its cool though
lennine ratingtwo well to complicated and always freezes on my galaxy s3
lenfifteen ratingthree but it doesnt work well with my phone (slow loading, closes after a few seconds).
lenfifteen ratingthree im in the 3rd installation of this already and i hope it will finally work well. :)
leneight ratingfour its a great game but please fix it!
lennine ratingfour when i pressed "save me", it hanged and quited.
leneleven ratingfour my score gone and my coins! >:( besides, the gem gone too. :'(
lenthirteen ratingfive great game but it tends to force stop sometimes when i open it.
lenfive ratingfive but i love this game!
lentwentyone ratingfive ilove every thing new about the game every thing is so cool i can't stop playing the game download it!
lensix ratingone how do u exit this app.
lennine ratingone one star till an exit app option is added
lentwelve ratingfive if i have one complaint, its the boost options at the start.
leneleven ratingfive i lost my fake money not realizing you have go pay.
leneight ratingfive i don't wanna push it by accident.
lentwentysix ratingone i've tried to start it up numerous times and i tried uninstalling and installing it again but it keeps freezing up on the opening screen.
lentwelve ratingfive so glad they made a different and new version with upgradable graphics!
leneight ratingfive my nexus 7 handles this smoothly at the highest.
lenfour ratingfive very stable and nice.
lenfour ratingfive love the new features.
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run2 rocks i just got level 2 and earned 1000 coins good job imangi studios
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive it even better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenfive ratingfive i scored over 4m in 2 days.
lenseventeen ratingfive would be nice if there was a share on fb button to share nd compete with frnds
leneight ratingfive lot more fun than first version true sequel:-)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive better than tge first.i love it
lenthirteen ratingone i heard its a awsome game , so i dowmloaded it and illstalled completely .
lennineteen ratingone now when i try to play its goes to the loading screen for a while then closes by itself .
lenfour ratingone please fix  - samsung sidekick 4g
lennine ratingone it crashes and wont even open for lg thrill
lenthree ratingfive so nice game
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay.
lenfive ratingfive runs great on my nexus 4.
lenthirtythree ratingfour fun game, but it sometimes will take away the number of my coins after i play a game, like i would have 4, 029 and after i play my next game i would only have 709.
leneight ratingone wont open up just stays on imanji studios
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfourteen ratingthree when i first started it works but now it never works it always closes
lenthree ratingfive refreshing changes made !
lenfive ratingfive must for temple run fans.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are so much better than the first temple run.
lennine ratingfive it actually feels like you're in the game!
leneleven ratingfive better than ever has great picture quality on my samsung galaxy 3
lenfive ratingone i have the lg thrill.
lennine ratingone i've downloaded this game but it wont start.
leneleven ratingone i've uninstalled and reinstalled a couple of times, please fix!
leneight ratingfour o didn t open the game yet : p
lensix ratingfive this game is a fab game!
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 compared to temple run 1 is like temple run 4
lenfour ratingfive great app, love it
leneleven ratingfive has a combination of temple run rail rush and subway surf
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive really an awesome job by imangi studios !
leneight ratingfive realy nice dan d frst one.nice wrk.
leneight ratingthree it is way better better then the first
lenfifteen ratingtwo i played once and now when i try to start it goes to my homescreen
lenseven ratingfive imangi studios what i say for you.
leneighteen ratingfive it is the best game i ever had played.your all games were best i have played them
lenfive ratingfive much better graphics compared to tr1.
lentwelve ratingfive now i can run even forever for even longer in temple run 2!
leneight ratingfive everything from the previous game has been improved!
lenseventeen ratingthree the game is brilliant but the tradional issue on sony mobiles which runs on ics still continues.
lennine ratingthree i had a xperia ray and now a miro.
lennine ratingthree kindly fix this and then it wil be 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive my only complaint is the tilt adjustment.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i would love to play this game but it wont open plese fix
leneight ratingone it won't get past the first screen
lenfour ratingthree just keeps force closing
lentwentytwo ratingthree i love the new layout but the fact that u can't cancel your jump by sliding down makes it  no fun
lensix ratingtwo it always force closes on me.
lenfiftysix ratingthree the game was fun and all but the new format was a little confusing also when in the game it is not smooth it stops alot even though i put he visual in minimal  quality and when trying to tilt,i litterally have to tilt my whole phone to move just a little fast.needs work
lenfortytwo ratingone sucks u try to jump u slide is temple run even trying any more same wit the first one try to jump u slide would not even give it 1 star don't even think about making a 3rd one temple run makers sucks
lenfour ratingfour amazing game and graphics.
lennineteen ratingthree now every time i click on it, it exits by itself fix this please, because im ready to uninstall
lentwentyseven ratingthree but i can only play it on my phone because it won't tilt on my android tablet please fix, niether temple runs work, again please fix
lenseven ratingfour no lags like the the temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfour improved graphics but 1st one was more appealing.
leneight ratingfour the sensitivity of tilt must be increased though.
lenfive ratingfour overall a "best time passer"
lenthirtyone ratingone i own a a2 and i briught coin doubler today morning.after accessing menu it shows i have to buy it.when i try to purchase it.it shows i already own.
lennineteen ratingone it.but my coins dont double when i play the game.please help me.or refund my money back.
leneight ratingfive best game yet better than the first one
lenfifteen ratingthree add the option to changed the sensitivity from moving left to right to collect coins.
lentwentyseven ratingfive i love this game but i'm more use to the old temple run,so i'm not so good but i'm getting better at this.
leneight ratingfive it is very hard ,but it is challiging
lennineteen ratingone i dont know if its my phone but evert time try playing it kicks me to my home screen
lentwelve ratingfour very nice game, very good grafix but i still like the 1st part
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive but when u try to ressurect,the game freezes and it will automatically exits the game,and one more thing,when playing,you need to tilt the device way too much,pls adjust that one.
lenthree ratingfive pls fix devs!
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than the regular one
lentwentyseven ratingfour great but when i just the volume in the settings, it doesn't do anything, the music continues to play even when i put it to zero
lensixteen ratingtwo every time i try and load the game,it just crashes,i never get to play.
lenthree ratingfour dis game rocks! !
lenfour ratingfour graphics are just awesome.
lenseventeen ratingfour i love how it twist and turns, and how there are hills, feels like ur really there.
lentwentysix ratingfour but on the old temple run there was a tilt settings, so u can choose how fast u can move side to side in the game.
lentwenty ratingfour my only problem is it doesn't turn left when i want it to sometimes, it's a little laggy.
lenthree ratingfour really awesome game.
lentwentyfour ratingfour right up until you're doing great and it just starts getting reallllllly laggy for no apparent reason, and you die as a result.
lenseven ratingfour i shouldn't lag on a galaxy s3.
lennineteen ratingone everytime i try to down load it is keeps saying file is invalid, and i don't know why :/
lenfour ratingfive such an awesome game.!
lensix ratingfive freakin love this game.very addictive.
leneight ratingfive cool graphics smart creativity dis game rock again.
lensixteen ratingthree every time it lags the guy doesn't react to my commands and then i die
lenthirtyfive ratingthree on my lg nitro when i play it.when i try to make a setting it always freezes up and i have to close the game and then open it all the way up again
lensixteen ratingone it gets to the first screen then shuts down i go back to my phone screen -. -
lentwentytwo ratingthree the game is great don't get me wrong but you do get the occasional lag or glitches during your game play.
lennine ratingthree and also a tilt sensitivity option is definitely needed.
lenthree ratingfive love ths game :*
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game, its much more fun than the first one
lensix ratingfive one hell of a great game.
lenseven ratingfive a 100 times better than the other one.
lenforty ratingone dont release a game before its finished, does not support a couple phones including mine, gets to the giant green letter eye screen and stays on it for 2 minutes then just crashes every single time, redownloaded already 6 times and nothing.
lenten ratingone the title says it all learn how to spell ashvin
lensix ratingfive definite improvement on the first game.
lenten ratingfive one suggestion.could you try for a version with themes?
lenseven ratingfive i kinda miss the south american bit.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lensix ratingone crashes all the time while loading.
lensix ratingfive better graphics than the first one
lentwelve ratingthree it goes to the loading part then beeps and exits the game
leneight ratingfive much much better and way more fun than number1
lentwo ratingfive runs smooth
lenten ratingone crashes my sidekick when i attempt to open the app.
lentwentyone ratingfive it is very good i downloaded instantly the demon monkeys scare you a bit but other than that it is awesome!
lenfive ratingone don't put "head start"
leneighteen ratingone in the beginning of the game and charge me coins for it,  if i didn't buy it.
lensixteen ratingone and you have to til the phone way to much,  need to lighten up on it.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is amazing, but on the droid bionic sometimes it crashes when using the "save me"
lenten ratingfive 5 stars because i know you will take care of it.
leneighteen ratingfive best app ever :d graphics are so detailed their's more adcenture and obstacles i recomend temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive awesomest game ever!
lenfive ratingfive n im very addicted lol.
lentwentynine ratingthree i downloded yesterday but today when i wanted to play ot went to the screen imanji studios and then it exit the game and to my home screen, help
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensixteen ratingone wont even load,i tried it three times,i even forced stopped it, still wont work
lennineteen ratingthree it works fine on i9300 but, it seems that this game is just a more 3d version of the original one.
leneight ratingthree i was hopping to see more new stuff.
lennine ratingfive excellent graphics and better then the first temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive plz fix the turning lags and some other bugs in this game.
lensixteen ratingtwo it's a great game but i can't upgrade anything because my money just disappears!
lenseventeen ratingone no improvements in graphics and the controls feel slow and unresponsive.expected much better graphics and gameplay.
lenthree ratingone won't download.
lenfour ratingone says package file "invalid"
lentwo ratingfive superb game!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lennine ratingtwo will not load and sends me to the marketplace
lenthirteen ratingone i downloaded it, installed it, and when i load it, it just closes.
lenthree ratingfive reallyy fun game.
lenfour ratingfour this game is great.
lenten ratingfour but i dont understand why i keep loosing my coins.
lenten ratingfour i cant get enough coins to buy a new characters.
lenthirteen ratingfour also the game freezes for a second or two and makes me die.
leneleven ratingfour but other than that those two things the game is awesome.
lentwelve ratingone this game does not work on my phone it keeps exiting out
lentwentytwo ratingthree lags a lot while running which causes me to die and tilt is not sensitive enough which also causes me to die
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive good game play.
lensix ratingfive probably the best free game now.
lenten ratingfive great game ever seen i love to play this game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentynine ratingfour d graphics r gr8 awesome back drop too.overall gr8 game jus lik d previous version.bt no option to tweak d sensitivity.update on d sensitivity d only editing needed.
lentwo ratingfour great job!
leneight ratingone it not working on my samsung galaxy s
lenseventeen ratingone this is a copy of the number one game rail rush play rail rush with the cart
lensix ratingfive i have played 8hr continuously this game
lenseven ratingone typical sequal trying to outdo the original.
lensix ratingone app is heavy, bloated and unresponsive.
lenthirtythree ratingone i like temple run but temple run 2 on htc evo 3d sucks it won't let me turn half the time jump slide nothing so i just die all the time points needs fixing
lenthree ratingfour finally on android.
lenseven ratingfour it runs smoothly and graphics is great!
lenthree ratingfive excellent very nice
lenseven ratingfive way better graphics then the first one.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game .
lensix ratingfive imangi will u make temple run 3
lenfive ratingfive more good then temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfive super adictive nd fun to olay game
lensix ratingfive its is fun fast nd cool
leneleven ratingfive very nice game and it is also better than temple run
lenfour ratingfive its good & funny gammes
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i love the game.its so addictive but my coins keep going missing idk but that's my only flaw with the game other than that i love love love love this game #awsome
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lensix ratingfive alot more better than its predecessor.
lenten ratingfive i love the games graphics .please download this game dude.
lenthree ratingfive a awesome game
lensix ratingfive reyt good alot better than first 1
leneleven ratingfive it's just awesome game frnds.great work by imangi studio
leneight ratingone wont work takes for ever to come on
lenfourteen ratingfour love this game just need more goals to achieve to make it more interesting
lensix ratingone package file invalid.on my lg l3
lenthirty ratingfive i would say that this is an excellent game, good job by the developers, it's a good way to pass time or if you have nothing else to do.
lenthirtythree ratingfive it has its flaws, first thing is when you have a power up, and you pick up the same power up while the previous power up is in use, it does not refresh.
leneight ratingfive and when i added gems to my boost.
lenten ratingfive it decreased my boost which is upgraded to the max.
leneight ratingfive you guys should really look into the game.
lenfive ratingthree its not letting me play
lensixteen ratingfive great game way better then the first one and i love temple run so great job
leneleven ratingfive haaha idk.but i liked it and it was rlly cool.:)
lenseven ratingfive a great update from the original game.
lenseven ratingfive the new obstacles and graphics are great.
lenfive ratingfive the game runs very smoothly.
lentwo ratingfive extreme fun
lenfourteen ratingtwo whole screen is taken up by the things on the side of the screen
lentwenty ratingone i have downloaded and downloaded this game several times and i still can't get past the developer's screen.
lennine ratingfour it keeps pausing when i don't pause it
lenfour ratingfour its a superb game.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
leneight ratingfour coins earned are getting lost on their own.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenten ratingfour loved the first temple run and now love the second.
leneight ratingfour this is a great game to pass time.
lenseventeen ratingfour the only problem is that i have to tilt my galaxy note ii sideways to do anything.
lenthree ratingfour needs sensitivity adjuster.
lenseventeen ratingfive it's so much better than older on and myabe the monky in there has grown up
lenfive ratingfive has more (ropes and cart)
lenfive ratingfive it's a awesme game.
lenthree ratingfive nice to play.
lensixteen ratingfive with a couple of twist and minor physics changes this game offer a brand new experience.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys!
lensix ratingone doesn't work on droid pro.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfourteen ratingfive cant say more than that.but try releasing tr3 on android first next time :d
lenten ratingone i can't even play this on my motorola triumph.
lentwelve ratingone the green imagini screen comes on and then the app shuts down.
lennine ratingone please fix i want to be able to play.
lennineteen ratingfour its a good game but i feel that i need a tilt sensitivity bar to make the tilt faster
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingone it won't download!
lenseventeen ratingone when i start the game up it stays at the loading screen for about 30 seconds then crashes.
lenten ratingone i don't even get a chance to play it.
leneleven ratingfour it is so cool i want to do something like that
lenthirteen ratingthree please make the loading of the game more faster for 1ghz armv7 device like mine.
lennine ratingfive imagni did an awesome job on temple run 2 thanks!
lenfour ratingfive better than old version.
lenfive ratingfive working properly on my phone.
leneleven ratingthree it only worked once on my samsung galaxy attain please fix
lenfive ratingfive truly yaaar mazaaa aaa gyi!
lensix ratingone why wont it let me play?
lensix ratingthree turn on the magnetic power and.
leneleven ratingthree when it is about to be over, catch an magnetic power.
lentwelve ratingthree when the first magnetic power is finished, second one is also finished.
lensix ratingthree and invisibility power is not present
lenfour ratingfive omg i luv it !
lenfive ratingfive must option for exit required
lentwentyone ratingfive working very perfectly on my sony xperia j, graphics are amazing, i love this game, n better than the pervious one.
lennine ratingfive a perfect game n i love the new temple run2.
lennineteen ratingfive when u here temple run 2 !:-)   u should already know that it should and will be better than temple run 1 .
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing :-) more action
lensixteen ratingfive this game is such a great game i wish i can play it all  the time.
lentwentytwo ratingone this game lags way to much and swipes don't respond good at all and made my phone run slow after installing
lenseventeen ratingfive i luv this game it is so much bigger on my gs3 i luv this game so much!
lenthree ratingfive blah blah blah
lenfour ratingfour its a grt game.
lenfive ratingfive really better than temple run
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is really fun and addicting but it has an occasional glitch every now and then.
lensix ratingfour please fix to get five stars.
lenthree ratingfive this ones better.
leneight ratingfive i'm just addictive to it love it !
lenseven ratingfour this will only get better in time.
lentwo ratingfive awesomeness cool
leneleven ratingfour awesome game but please add a confirmation screen when purchasing upgrades.
lennineteen ratingfour can't tell you how many times i bought an upgrade i didn't want just trying to scroll.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this second game of temple run is simply awesome.there were some problems but developer fixed them in a day so bow this is a 5 star app.
lenseven ratingone doesnt play, just freezes and exits out
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
leneleven ratingfour after i get to 15000 and try to use the "save me"
lenfour ratingfour feature, the game freezes.
lenfour ratingfour besides that is okay.
lenten ratingfour please provide sensitivity option in settings as in temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfour sometimes lags
lenfive ratingfive looks amazing and plays better!
lenfive ratingone shows invalid file, after download.
lentwelve ratingone i downloaded and uninstalled several times and  it still doesn't work.
lensixteen ratingone when i open this app all it does is send me back to my home screen.
leneight ratingfour crashes every time that i use a jewel
lentwentythree ratingfive its much much much betta then the first i feel like im in the game.running.graphibcs wow live it and more fun.
lentwelve ratingfive i never thought the day would come when temple run  was better.:(:
lensix ratingtwo its cool game i like it.
lenthirteen ratingtwo but know it wont work know fix for 5 stars it forsclos on me
lentwentytwo ratingone does not work for my phone it is all packed in to where i can't even click anything or see anything.
lentwentyseven ratingthree this is by far the best game in the market but my coins keep disappearing after 2000 and my phone just froze and i lost all my progress.
leneight ratingthree not letting me play just got it yesterday
lenthirteen ratingfive so flipin cool i love it it is more exiting then the first
lenseven ratingfive amazing graphics, smooth gameplay and addicting game.
leneight ratingfive hope to add new characters in the future :)
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i bought the coin double but it is still showing up in my store i'm unsure if my account was credited with it :( is there anyway to verify? otherwaise great game.
lenten ratingfive love the graphics and how fun it's to play
lensixteen ratingone i'm fed up with jumping for a power up and it killing me for it.
lenthirtyone ratingone i'm also fed up with turning left or right into my death because i'm expected to tilt right away with no warning, and the mine cart sections really blow.
lenfour ratingfive i like it alot
lenthirtytwo ratingone stops several time while playing.shows the resume button and game keeps on askin for resume.when i start again the screen blinks and and again goes to resume.please fix this
lenfour ratingfour this game is perfect.
leneleven ratingfour it's better than the first one,  the graphics are smoother.
lennine ratingfour 2 it would start over when i view the offers.
lenthirtyone ratingfour only reason this isn't 5 stars is because the screen orientation is not flippable, so my right hand covers up the brightness sensor which turns my screen off on my tablet.
leneight ratingfour a fix would be nice in an update!
lenfour ratingfour game is soo cool!
lenfive ratingfour graphics are a lot better!
lenseventeen ratingfour the new rope feature is also nice and when i saw the turns it made my day!
lenthirty ratingfour the only thing that was wrong to me was the basics like jumping and turning and tilting felt a bit laggy and i hope it will be fixed in update.
lensix ratingone el es buenisimo pero no carga!
lenthree ratingone arreglen el problema!
lenten ratingone si lo arreglan les aseguro de este juego sera 5 estrellas!
lentwentyfive ratingfive let's just say that this hand has better effects, it's like the first temple run but inveigh definition; better powerups, and better settings.
lenseven ratingfive i just wish they had more characters  .
lenfifteen ratingfive omg .i love it tooooo its so much better. .better quality .i give it 10 stars
lentwelve ratingfive wish it would push the graphics of my note 2 a bit more
lentwenty ratingfive i play all day lol it's a very good mobile game it's better than the previous definite download
lentwo ratingfive temple fun!
lenthirteen ratingfour the only thing is unlocking abilities costs much.but great game.better than 1.
lenthree ratingthree fun and addictive.
leneight ratingthree but it laggs and freezes bad on droid. :(
leneighteen ratingfive temple run is an exiting game.who ever don't have get it  now it us the best
leneight ratingfive u guyz r the bloody best.nicc onee
lenfifteen ratingfive i loved the first and this is sooo much better in every aspect worth getting!
lenfifteen ratingthree good game but screwed up sensitivity :( d player jumps and slides even when not intended.
lenfour ratingone doesnt work on defy
lenseven ratingfour the color scheme does not work here.
leneleven ratingfour its harder to see the obstacles because of the new graphics.
leneight ratingfour other than that i love the new additions
lentwentyseven ratingfive good game better than the first one and kinda like temple run brave and it has a bigger thing chasing u then the 4 in the first one
leneight ratingone screen covers almost all not able to play
lentwentynine ratingfive it is a good game with better animations compared to the first one and it is harder to play compared to the other one which i find it challenging.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is going to be my next favourite game for the next few weeks.
leneight ratingfour its a little glitchy, but very fun game.
lenseven ratingfive i like this its very fun woooooo!
lenfive ratingfour amazing graphics and good gameplay.
lenfive ratingfour much better than the original.
lentwentyone ratingfour sometimes it retains its speed even when the invincibility is gone so it ends up falling or getting hit by obstacles.
lensix ratingfour hope this will be fixed soon.
lenten ratingfive like it and using it on my phone and tablet
leneight ratingfive nice game and excellent upgrade from temple run 1.
lenten ratingfour i played on my sister's ipad and it rocked!
lentwentyfive ratingfour but the other time i tried to install it it finished really quickly and wen i opened the app it told me to download it.
lentwentythree ratingfour anyhow ill try again and hope 4 a temple run 3!:-) p.s. would help if u made downloading faster too.thank u so much!
lenseventeen ratingfour wen i tried to open the app it opened but then i couldnt play it shut down:(
lennine ratingfive you just made the greatest choice of your life
leneight ratingfive better then ever and better then the 1st one
lenfour ratingone this game is horrible.
lentwentysix ratingone when its a remake you need to experiment more and it looks like the developers just got on one idea and came up with this crap.
lenfour ratingone tr original is better.
lenfive ratingone add a sensibility option also.
lenthirteen ratingone 1 star until the force close is fixed i cant  atart up the game
lensix ratingfour i've always loved imangis work.
lenfifteen ratingfour there are problems though, such as lag here and there which cause me to lose.
leneight ratingfour i don't expect lag while on an s3.
lensixteen ratingfour for example, when i turn a corner sometimes, the game tends to lag up on me.
lenthirteen ratingfour in result, i don't see what's ahead of me and die.
lenseven ratingfour this  rarely occurs, but still an issue.
lenthree ratingfour great game though.
lenthree ratingfour graphics are amazing.
lentwo ratingfour gameplay addicting!
lentwo ratingfour higly recommend!
lentwentyfive ratingfour great game but i dont understand why it occasionally doesnt launch, if somebody could tell me why it would be much appreciated email: ddl1735@googlemail.com
lenfourteen ratingone less responsive than the first on e. have fun playing the same game again.
lennine ratingone people have these expensive phones to play terrible games.
lentwenty ratingfive the game is fun & runs better than the first temple run on my sony xperia u. visuals are great too.
lensixteen ratingfour it's okay,but i still like the first one better this one is very challenging
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive but sometimes when i try to use the power up it does not work.
lenthirteen ratingfive and also please increase the tilt sensitivity or at least add an option
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is really,good game time waster and really addicting must download
leneight ratingfive i am an avid player of temple run.
lenfive ratingfive except for a gew quirks.
lenfiftytwo ratingfive for all u ppl who r 1 staring it well look it is free so if it is free with no ads u should be pretty happy unlike other games i know there r some problems but try to cut them some slack but it is very fun to play when it works
leneleven ratingone uninstalling for now, stays on loading screen then  force closes itself.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive i love the new courses and the mine cart and the rope!
lentwelve ratingfive the tilting is bad i think but still i'll give 5 stars
leneight ratingfive this is awsum buddy. .i really like it. .
lenfive ratingfive runs smooth and way better
lensix ratingone game will crash after logo screen.
lensix ratingone doesn't load for my phone:((
lenfive ratingone rubbish dosen't even load
lensixteen ratingfive the game is very good i reccomend it to all fans of the original temple run.
lennine ratingfive despite a few quires the game is very good.
lensix ratingone wont load on my lg optimus 3d :(
lensix ratingfive better than the original temple run.
lenten ratingfive great game but very laggy and controls r not good
leneleven ratingone its not letting me downlod this it keeps saying download invalid.
leneleven ratingtwo everytime i try to download for my tab its says error 498.
lenseven ratingtwo i hope you guys fix this soon.
lenseven ratingtwo i gotta wait a little bit more
leneighteen ratingtwo fun game, but twice now i've tried to buy the 10,000 coin magnet and all my coins disappeared
lenseventeen ratingfive it's an extremely good upgrde to the previous temple run.small size game high on fun
lenfive ratingfive alot better than the first 1
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyone ratingfive its better than temple run 1 .but in the start you will get littlte confused about the coins color and background color.
leneleven ratingfive so much better than the first one and even more addictive!
lentwo ratingfive sooo fun
lenfour ratingfive awsom game.lovin it
lenseven ratingfive can't find a better running game!
lenthirteen ratingthree its a lot more fun than t he other one but extremely glitchy.
lenten ratingthree the glitches kill you very often and it's frustrating.
lennine ratingfive this game is much better than the previous one!
lenthree ratingfive addicting and challengingg!
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
leneleven ratingfive while i love the original, this is just so much better! :)
lentwenty ratingfour it much better than the first but it lags a lot on my gs2 fix that it will get a 5 star
lenfifteen ratingthree good game controls way worse than number 1 other than that it's a good game.
lenfifteen ratingthree till the game updates and fixes controls its on the back burner i'm afraid
lennine ratingfour this game has better graphics than the previous one.!
leneight ratingfour it's nice to see a bigger upgrade.
lenten ratingfour but agent dash, subway surfers have excellent graphics than this.!
lensix ratingfour need changes if i may ask.
lentwentyfour ratingfive didn't get a chance to play because my tablet won't let me but ima keep trying but by the comments they good
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
lentwentynine ratingone was enjoying playing it until it got updated, update reset all my stats and now it freezes at the end of the tutorial everytime i try and play it
leneight ratingone autimatically closes everytime i try to launch it.
leneight ratingone won't load past imangi studios loading screen.
lensixteen ratingone works fine on my toshiba thrive, pleade fix for the htc incredible 2 and for better rating.
lensix ratingfive not supporting in lg optimus black .
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 cooooooooooooool
lensix ratingone still crashes on startup on nexus 10.
lentwo ratingfive great game.:)
lenseven ratingfive runs great on my gs3 and beautiful graphics.
lenthree ratingfive great job developers.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lenfive ratingfive this game is so funnnnnnn
lenfive ratingfive and more fun and entertaining!
lenten ratingthree the gyro needs to be a little bit more sensitive.
lennine ratingthree pretty much flipping my tablet over to collect coins.
lensixteen ratingfour only if the game wasn't so big to the screen i'd give this a 5star.
leneight ratingfive improves on the first by quite a bit.
lenthirteen ratingfive i didn't think it was that awesome until i started playing it.
lenfive ratingfive definitely better than temple run
leneight ratingone does not work on virgin mobile motorola triumph
lenten ratingfour but i didn't try to play the rail road?
lenfive ratingfive just love the game play!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfive better than the first one and better than angry grand run .
lennineteen ratingone all my friends are saying this is the best app ever, so decided to try it out for myself.
lenthirteen ratingone i couldn't even open the game because it kept closing by itself.
leneleven ratingone uninstalled it and then installed it again and still no change.
lenfortyone ratingthree great sequel to the first one, developers have made leaps and bounds with graphics and game flow, new challenges are welcome additions.however, the tilt control is harsh, really harsh, i have to almost hold my phone at a right angle.
lentwelve ratingthree its annoying because i keep dying, makes me not want to play.
lenthirteen ratingone screen freezes up right before every obstacle, making you die the first jump.
lenten ratingone if you could fix this, i will rate five stars.
lentwentyfour ratingthree pls fix the floating touch issue i wanna play this game, though it doesn't lag i can barely play coz of floating touch.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i've played this on both my opad and galaxy s3,on both of which the frames started to drop after 1000m, which i find is terrible.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo i even changed the video quality to poor and still it lagged incredulously, if it can't run proper on even the most fastest phone the other that's pretty bad.
leneighteen ratingtwo i've died several times because of it glitcing me i to the rocks or some other place.
lenten ratingtwo i hope the devs read this and please fix this.
lenthree ratingtwo thanks for reading.
lentwentyfour ratingone garbage, it always lags right before i swipe to turn and i always fall off, i yet to turn one corner in the game.
lenfive ratingone you screwed up this time.
lenfour ratingfive amzing game so fun
lentwo ratingone screen froze
lentwo ratingfive truly amazing
lenten ratingfive it is well amazing and i complete the whole game:-)
lenthree ratingfour awesome.addictive game!
lenthree ratingfour magnificent ,gorgeous graphics.
lenfive ratingfour lags on low(1ghz) processor devices!
lenthree ratingfive sick play again
lennine ratingfive very good graphics and a hard one than older
lensix ratingone disappointed, first one was far better.
lenseventeen ratingfive its way better than the original it has new features and a new layout its great    :-):-d
lensix ratingfive this really improced from temple run 1!
leneleven ratingfive way better than the first one, but also way harder lol
leneight ratingfour i'm bored with the same old "brown"
lenseven ratingfour you hand the potential to do so!
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lensixteen ratingfive there are now mining carts and the game is just as fast paced as the original!
leneight ratingfive warning: battery drains fast when you're addicted.  ;-)
lennine ratingfive omg i'm so in love with this game
lenten ratingfour they need to make a temple rum 3 with 1st person view
lensix ratingfive gr8 app.better dan d previous vrrsion
lenten ratingfive just great time pass game good graphic than first one
lennine ratingfive i can't believe its finally out for android
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfive dis is better den the frst one.download it now!
leneleven ratingfive far more intresting than the previous and at a great price
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lentwenty ratingone i have an lg thrill 4g and it stays on the very first screen and doesn't pop up the game.
lentwo ratingone major bummer.
lensix ratingfive nice one better than first one
lenthree ratingfour hit hit hit.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenfive ratingfour feels much better than old 1.
lenfive ratingfour great passtime and more challenging.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
leneight ratingfive loses none of the magic of the original.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingone it should really be a straight path as it camera kept glitching and the camera.
lennine ratingone i crashed and the just kept playing the animation
lenthirteen ratingone lags and when i try to play it goes back to home screen
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lensix ratingfive alot of fun and great graphics.
lentwo ratingfive thanks guys!
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lensixteen ratingfive as much as i expected for a sequel to the highly popular temple run and more.
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics are top notch and the additions to the adventure such as the cart and ropes is fun!
lentwo ratingfour great game!
leneight ratingfour gems are a little hard to get though.
lensix ratingfour tho i think tilting needs improvement.
lenfive ratingfour thats just my opinion anyways.
lentwentythree ratingfive what just happen in my life ahhhh  we are being  attacked by  a giant monky!and my dreams came true its a miracle!
lenfour ratingthree i like temple run.
lentwelve ratingthree and since temple run 2 came out, i installed it and opened it.
lenfourteen ratingthree it has the imangi studios picture there, but after it froze, it force closed.
lenseven ratingfour took a while to dowwnload.but fun ;)
lensixteen ratingfour the game is awesome, a true sequel and the best android game atm i'll say.
lentwentyseven ratingfour but one thing i noticed, graphic quality on 'best' lags as hell on my nexus 7, it lags on my galaxy note as well but is still playable.
lentwentyfive ratingfour both of them are high end devices and plays games like gta vice city on highest settings smoothly, so why temple run lags so much?
leneight ratingfour serious tweaking is required in the graphics part!
lenthirteen ratingfive really great,  quick update to support the back button was really surprisingly fast.
lenten ratingone i can't even open the app because it crashes.
lenthirteen ratingone bought coin doubler but i couldn't find a way to use it
lenthree ratingfive superb time pass.
leneleven ratingfive really nyc n smooth  good work imangi studios keep it up
lenthree ratingfive awesome qame eva (:
lentwentyone ratingfive it's good, but there's a bug which make me do the opposite, down i jump,up slide, plz fix!
lenthirtyone ratingfour the game is great however about 50% of three time when i use a rez gem the game freezes and i do not get credit for anything i did on that run.
lensix ratingfour makes me not want to play.
lenten ratingfive basically an upgrade version on temple run but with improvement.
leneight ratingfive sadly no new power ups or or upgrades
leneight ratingfive great job with the graphics and overall gameplay
lensix ratingfive i love this game its awsome!:)
lensix ratingone it keeps saying pacjage file invalid.
lentwo ratingfour awsome game
lenfifteen ratingfive the first game was my favorite, but i wiped it soon as i played this.
lenseven ratingfive looks superb on the note & kindle hd.
leneight ratingone i cannnot play it on my samsung infuse
lentwelve ratingtwo the game doesn't fit the screen ,error in menu option too.
leneight ratingfive its so much more intense that the 1st one
lenseven ratingthree going back to iphone for quality gaming.
leneleven ratingfive this is a very fun app better than the first one
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game wonderful way way way better than the first i cant wait to c how they top this with temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingfive i bet this game will give other developers a run for their money  .
lentwentytwo ratingfive i used to not really play the original temple run but when this game came out i was in straight every day.
lentwelve ratingone not able to download.always says package file is invalid.please fix.
lenthirteen ratingfive they still have the stupid objectives of getting a million metres run though.
lenseventeen ratingone wont register swiping so i cant turn it just makes him jump when i touch the screen
lentwenty ratingfour i love this game but on my s3 it wont let me tilt at all so the game is basically impossible!
lenfour ratingthree .my coins keep disappearing!
lentwentyseven ratingthree i had over 5000 coins at one point and i decided to run again before i unlock a character so i can have enough to unlock another feature.
lennine ratingthree and after i ran my coins were at about 300!
lenten ratingthree besides that, its super fun and the graphx are great.
lenthirteen ratingthree all the new features like the cave and zip lines are pretty awesome.
lensixteen ratingfive lags a little bit on my evo 4g lte but still a 5 star game in my book
leneleven ratingfour great i just don't see how the mine rider thing.
leneight ratingfour i have gotten over 20,000 points but no mine
leneight ratingfive graphics and other gaming qualities are very gud.
lentwentyone ratingone i have the motorolla triumph and i installed it, i try playing it and it just goes back to my menu!
leneight ratingfive better than number 1, great graphics and game play
lentwentyone ratingthree it was a good game at first but it reset it self causing me to loose everything and my other runner.
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is totally awesome, from graphic to the sound, everything is perfect :) should play
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenthree ratingfive great game play.
leneleven ratingfive playing from the time i got it installed to my mobile . . .
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive better than the original!
lenfive ratingfive sounds awesome im gonna try
lenseven ratingfive i am eager to play temple run 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
lentwo ratingfour amazing game!
lentwentytwo ratingfour i love this game but the tilt sensitivity is kinda off , i would love to have the option to adjust the settings
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive awwwsum;) game nd imagni studios shud make temple run 3 too!
lentwo ratingfive fab game
lenthree ratingfive excellent work imangi!
lentwo ratingfive nyc concept! :)
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game better graphics mine carts zip lines and epic jumps
leneight ratingthree it won't let me play right now.
lenfour ratingthree buut it looks fun
leneight ratingfour many new things.great upgrades.just love it.
lenforty ratingfour but there seems to be a problem with the tilt.it is not as sensitive as the first game on my nexus 4.also  powerups don't refresh even when you pick up a newer one.fix that and its 5 stars.:)
lenthree ratingone won't install
lensix ratingfive very superb game .i love it.?
lenseven ratingfive love it way better than the first 1
lennine ratingone force closes every time on my infuse 4g please fix
lensixteen ratingfour it's awesome but it deleted all of coins that i had ans keep slowing down
lenfive ratingfive i love this freaking game.
lentwentyone ratingone even when i have downloaded the game when im trying to launch then there is an error saying"package is invalid."
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and love the new upgrades
lenseventeen ratingone i got the game and when i enter it'd like 2 minutes than it exits fix it
lenthirtynine ratingone every time i try to play i would open the game and it stays in the loading screen after that it forecloses itself please fix this i really loved the game if you fix it i will give 5* back.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfour gr8 game but first version is nice fast and fluid
leneight ratingfive hey guys it's a must play game.
lenfour ratingfive nice change of pace
lenten ratingfour good but loses a star cause it lags a bit.
leneight ratingfive its amazing you should download it its awesome
lensixteen ratingone i would love to play but once it gets to the imangi studios screen, the closes.
leneight ratingone i have tried everything and it dosnt work
lenthirteen ratingfive i enjoyed this quite a bit considering i'm not a big gamer.
leneight ratingfive i like it better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game vth grt.
leneighteen ratingone the update has lots of problem the entire game got reset after update and stopped saving the progress
lenten ratingfive just awesome :d  luv this gamee bettwr thn  temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive awesome game sooooo addicting
lennine ratingtwo does not fit to screen on motorola's admiral.
lenfive ratingfour tilting is not working properly
lenten ratingfive its really amazing as compared 2 temple run 1 graphics are good.
lenthirteen ratingfour very addictive so if you have exams don't download it trust me!
lennineteen ratingfive this one is a little harder then the first one, but it is a lot better then the first!
leneleven ratingfive i like the new stuff that they added to the game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive i really like it 10 thumbs up!
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenthirteen ratingfive so much better than the first one and so much fun to play.
lensix ratingfive i finally found the actual game!
lensix ratingfive the game is gone 2 the limit
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive its better than 1.obviously
lenten ratingfour good casual game with great presentation, too bad no support.
lentwelve ratingfive hard to believe but it's even better than the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive way better graphics no lag wat so ever, new power ups, temple run2 5star
lennine ratingfive although the 1st one was fun, temple run 2 is better.
lenseven ratingfive i can't put this game down.
lensix ratingfive i especially live the mines  part.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great sequel!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
leneighteen ratingfour simple time waster, just collecting coins to get power ups, but no real objective or end to it.
leneleven ratingfour also,  a little buggy, some situations are impossible to not die.
lentwelve ratingfour would be good to have it more complex like double jumps, etc.
lentwo ratingfive yeah buddy
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love tr2 as much as i love tr1,if you just want to pass time away then download these games so much fun
lenthirteen ratingfour great game and all, but it absolutely never saves where i left off.
lenseventeen ratingfour at least twice now i have gotten upgrades far and it resets me to a random spot.
lenfive ratingfive make a temple run brave 2!
lenseven ratingfour good game, but has some shallow bugs
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are amazing and 3d, keep up the good work im impressed
lenseven ratingtwo doesn't respond well lags a little
lenfive ratingtwo little laggy its very bad .
lentwelve ratingone won't work at all it just stays at the beginning screen.
lenfive ratingone haven't even played it.
lenten ratingone this is probably the worst game i've ever played.
lenfourteen ratingone it's incredibly laggy; when i swipe up he'll slide half the time.
lenthirtythree ratingone it's not my phone that's laggy, because i have games that have much better graphics and more things happening on screen than temple run 2, and they don't lag one bit.
leneight ratingone if i could rate negative stars, i would.
lennine ratingfive i like it its better then the first one ^_^
lenfour ratingfour my coins keep disappearing.
lenfifteen ratingfive i played this i in a other friends phone and i thought this was awesome!
lenfive ratingone ive already cheated this game .
lenfour ratingone the coins and gems .
lenfifteen ratingone but why is it when using save me on the trolly area the game hangs .
lenthree ratingfour sensitivity option please
lenfour ratingfive love temple run ii .
lenseven ratingfive it's really a time killer game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo downloads good and loading screen pops up but doesnt go farther then that .
leneight ratingfive i just can't stop playing this game.
lenseven ratingfive tha new visual is a bonus too.
lenten ratingfive plays flawless, and the graphics are even better than temple 1.
lenfifteen ratingfive it iz much more better than the previous one.download it by closing ur eyes
lennineteen ratingfive you should make a game where you can be the monkeys and chase guy dangerous until u catch him.
lentwenty ratingfive u should also be able to be the bear from temple run brave and the giant monkey from temple run 2.
lensix ratingone it won't let me play
lenfourteen ratingfive a lot of more options in this one even though i love number one
lenfour ratingfive gr8 muvh better than the 1st
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
leneighteen ratingone cant get past the loading screen on my galaxy s i. looks like a lot of fun though
lenthirteen ratingfive great time killer plus it is leaps and bounds better than the first
lenten ratingone i can't download an i want this soooo  bad.
lenten ratingone i have the samsung galaxy tablet please fix this asap
lenfour ratingfive kool game lov it
lentwo ratingfour nicely combined
lenthree ratingfive beter than 1 like
lentwo ratingfive sonam singh 1234
lenfive ratingfive smooth and graphics are supreme
lenten ratingfive awesome game with sexy graphics and also have exciting challenges.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is amazingly fun and is the best pick for u
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lentwo ratingfive kidilan graphics
lensix ratingfive just like the original but better!
leneight ratingfive itsa very cool game it makes you look
lenfour ratingfive great game better than 1st
leneleven ratingfive one of the best games i ever played  really recommend it
lensix ratingfive works perfectly and has amazing graphics
lenfive ratingfive awesome sequel way better graphics.
lennine ratingone i'd give it zero stars if i could!
lensix ratingone doesn't work on motorola triumph!
lennine ratingfive very good game much better ethan the first one :)
leneleven ratingfive even better than the first one and that's saying something.
lenfive ratingfive fluid animation, addictive and beautiful.
lenseven ratingfive love the customization options, will spend cash.
leneight ratingfive one thing i don'   t enjoy- popping backgrounds.
lennine ratingfive still, one of the best games on the market- 9.5/10.
lennine ratingfive haven't been able to play but sounds cool!
lentwentyfive ratingfive loving all of it, but needs a tilt sensitivity setting desperately, doesn't feel as responsive as the first one by quite a large margin.
leneight ratingfive a must have game in every smart phone
lenthree ratingthree aammmmaaaazzii iinnggg not!
leneight ratingthree it has lost its quality from tempke run 1
lenfive ratingfive good on orange san diego
lenseven ratingfive i grill more birds than george foreman.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingone i can't download it as it takes up 2 much space
lentwo ratingfive cute game.
lenseven ratingfive can't help to play with it.
lenthree ratingfive nice challenges  xd
lensix ratingfive love this game much more excitin
lennine ratingfive really fun to play and good quality on the s3.
lenseven ratingfive i will recommend to all my friends!
lenten ratingone it wont even let me get into the tittle screen
lenseven ratingfive i spend too much time on this.
lennine ratingfive it is better and smoother than the first part.
lensix ratingfive but please, have an exit button.
lensix ratingtwo freezes alot that f**king annoying
lenten ratingfour once you finish your first run(tutorial)it gets stuck.
leneleven ratingfour when u go to options also it gets stuck please solve.
leneight ratingfive it's hard than 1st one  i loved it! !
lenthree ratingfive very awesome game
lennine ratingfive i love the smell of pancakes in the morning
lenfour ratingfour bill hall is cool
lenfive ratingfour liked the whole new look.
lenfour ratingfour love the added features.
lenthirteen ratingfour i would give it a five star if the handling was more snappy.
lensixteen ratingfour i mean u literally need to tilt the whole goddamn phone to make the character move!
lenseven ratingone it wont download on my htc evo 4g
lenseven ratingthree game freezes up constantly on droid bionic.
lensix ratingfive excellent imagni studios did it again !
lentwelve ratingthree it can be sometimes a little unresponsive when swiping in whichever direction
lenfive ratingfive there are some little bugs .
lensix ratingfive but still nice graphics and all .
lentwo ratingfive lovely game !
lennineteen ratingfour i'm pretty impressed with this so far, the increased challenge over tr1 will keep me occupied for some time.
lensixteen ratingfour my one gripe is that i wish you could change touch sensitivity like you could in tr1.
lenfourteen ratingfour sometimes my inputs are ignored, which can spell doom in a game like this.
lenten ratingfive it's amazimg game  but i not like it :-p
lenfifteen ratingfive great game except for when ever i get to 2 million the game will force close.
leneleven ratingfive also force closes if i try to use a "save me"
lenthree ratingfive costing four gems
lentwentyseven ratingfive game is awesome .no better than the first one,,,a lot cool,,, but still it must develop in regarding proper closingof the game   but good work guys
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it was an awesome game at first but i stopped paying for like an hour then when i tried to play again, it stats but then exits out right away , please fix
lenseven ratingfive its much better than the 1st temple run!
lentwo ratingfive beyond expectations.
lensix ratingfive imangi studios never lets anyone down.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant.simply brilliant!
leneight ratingfive a great game,  great graphics and very addictive :-)
lenfive ratingfive very good game nice amag
lensix ratingfive after gem reduction upgrade for resurrection.
lenfive ratingfive the game crashes when used
lennineteen ratingfive its a nice game.and ths version is very mch bttr thn 1st vrsion .plzzz instl it nd enjng it.
lensix ratingfive this game is lots of fun.
leneleven ratingfive runs smoothly on galaxy s3 and it looks gorgeous.i recommend downloading.
lenthirteen ratingfive for a free app this sets the bar of how they should be.
lenten ratingfive so fun, lil harder than 1st one but i love it
lensixteen ratingone its not letting me download this game because of error (498) or any other game 32mb or more.
lentwo ratingone plzzz help!
lensixteen ratingfive every time i open the app i wait for a couple of seconds and closes fix!
lensixteen ratingfive *edit: figured problem changing to best graphics in settings  already got to 1,000,000 in 2 days live it!
leneleven ratingthree i downloaded this about two days ago and its not finished
lensix ratingfive whay can i say ots awsome
leneleven ratingthree it's okay but it's not smooth, stucks a lot
leneight ratingfive after almost 3 weeks of waiting here it is.
lensix ratingfive better graphics than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive enjoying every minute of it. :-)
lenfive ratingfive i'm loving this game!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are amazing and its definitely fun and challenging.
lentwo ratingfive soooppper awesum
leneleven ratingfive this is a great hope there going to be more character
lentwo ratingfour better den 1st.
lenfive ratingfive awsome graphics n thrilling too.
lensix ratingfive made me an addictive n crazy
leneighteen ratingfour the game is awesome and perfect but the sensitivity is really low and you can't change it
lentwentythree ratingone it would be nice if occasionally people would have the decency to make an app that will actually load past the first screen.
lenfourteen ratingone i had low expectations of this app, but it failed to meet even them.
lennine ratingfive omg , the most amazing game i have ever played.
lennine ratingfive a complete upgrade to the already fun temple run 1
lentwenty ratingfive good game.temple run 2 ahould have an update where guy dangerous is a zombie and he is running in hell.
lennineteen ratingone it seems everyone who attempted to play temple run 2 on this phone model cant get past the loading screen.
leneight ratingfive cool and excellant wow game better than first;)
lensixteen ratingfive this new version of temple run is outstanding, more smoother then version 1.thanks fir launching this
lentwo ratingone wont load
lensix ratingtwo wont go past the loading screen.
leneight ratingtwo deleted and redownloaded still doing the same thing
lensixteen ratingone doesn't load and every  time i try to play it, it makes me force close!
lensix ratingfive geen glitchy today, getting black screen
lenfour ratingfour it's kinda laggy.
lenseven ratingfour fix this and i will rate 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive it worked flawlessly on my phone.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome.
lentwenty ratingfive the monkey looks scary and is realistic as if its king kong loved the dynamic camera and the roller scating.
lenfive ratingfive a best game from imangi.
lenfour ratingfive great guys keep going.
lenseven ratingfive will love to see your next apps.
lentwenty ratingfive if you think games are boring but this game is asome it is the best game tou would ever play
leneight ratingfive this is a must have game, love it
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenseven ratingfive it is much better than the original.
lensix ratingfive great but could of been better
leneighteen ratingthree it us good but everytime i get like 1000 tokens it goes back to 0 nd i wanted the girl
leneleven ratingfour i am playing on the nexus 4 and the game looks amazing.
lensixteen ratingfour however, there is a noticeable amount of input lag as well as a lack of fluidity
lennineteen ratingone for some reason whenever i download and install it doesn't work just goes back to the app store.
leneighteen ratingone i dl'd it and all i ever get is the imangi logo load screen, and shuts down.
lenseven ratingone glad i got a chance to play!
lenfour ratingfive wayy better than the 1st
lensixteen ratingfive a lot better than the first temple run and its a lot more challenging and exciting!
lenthree ratingfive good job developers!
lentwentytwo ratingfour i think its awesome i like it better than the old version i like the part when u go into the tunnel
lenfourteen ratingfive omg i'm totally addicted to this game so cool.better than first one!
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome and its more challenging than the original temple run!
lenfour ratingfive its worth the download :)
lenfive ratingfive this gam is so fun !
lenseven ratingfive better than than the first, flows easier.
lensix ratingfive just wish it had more characters.
lenthree ratingfive i like chicken.
lenfive ratingfive plays great on the xoom.
lennine ratingfour tends to lag and in the objectives option, "objectives"
lenseven ratingfour at the top left is spelled wrong.
lennine ratingfour there also needs to be a tilt sensitivity option.
lentwenty ratingthree why are there leader boards for apple but not android, why do they get everything first and have more features
lentwentythree ratingfour i love it but i'm going to have to uninstall and reinstall and lose all my progress because it keeps force closing.
lenthirteen ratingfour it's decent but there's some frame rate issues on my droid 3
lenseven ratingone the game is not fir my phone.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive this game is awsome u should get it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive i love playing this game
leneighteen ratingthree when i first got it opened and when i wanted to play it agin it would not open
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lenseventyeight ratingfour i think the graphics are really cool and the new mine thing is ssoooo awesome its got great new places and rope swinging but i think that the people cud have been changed and that the and at least have some of the other pwople in the first one like the idiana guy i think he's kinda cool.so i rate this with four stars out of 5 oh and watch the cinnanmon challenge on youtube tots lol
lenseven ratingone my coins disappear without me buying anything
lennine ratingfour love the game but its a little bit lag.
leneleven ratingone it is stuck at the imangi studios screen and it crashes
lenthirteen ratingfive good game has some bugs but it is better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive best game eva.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like the game but it tends to glitch a lot and lag.
lenthirteen ratingthree also it started to exit out of the game when i enter it.
lenfive ratingfive really good and addictive game
lennine ratingfive so 3d looking it's like you're own advencher.
leneight ratingfive it's better than temple run 1 must have!
lensix ratingfive this is an extremely addicting game!
lenthree ratingfive best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfour ratingfive love the new characters!
leneight ratingfive this is my new favorite cell phone game!
lenten ratingfive anyone complaining about bad functionality probably has a prehistoric phone.
lensix ratingfive works amazingly on my galaxy note 2.
leneighteen ratingfive i love the game it's amazing i wonder if there's going to be a temple run 3.
lentwelve ratingfour i love this game but please ad sensitivity option to make 5 stars
lenseven ratingone does not run, stays at developer screen.
lenfive ratingfive i'm loving this game.
lensixteen ratingfive very addictive and fun.i love playing this game and trying to beat my friends score
lenthirteen ratingone it wont let me download it at all on my samsung galaxy captivate.
leneight ratingone i really want to play but can't. :(
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love this game sooo much better than the first would be even better if i could compare my score with friends and family online
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game it is really fun and i really enjoy playing it
lensix ratingfive totally better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive yaa its awesome
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwelve ratingone this game is the crapyest game ever who ever made it sucks.
lenseven ratingone go learn how to make real games.
leneighteen ratingone the first temple run was wayyyyyyy better that this terd people dont ever waste your time with this. >:(
lenfifteen ratingone when it does start it goes for about a minute then crashes the whole phone.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i am like one of the biggest gamers ever but this is is one of the greatest games i have ever played!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this one only thing it glitches when i play music as im playing
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is just amazing and i hope temple run never finishes and they create new ones.
lenfour ratingone android keeps freezing xx
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing  i love it
lenfour ratingone crashes on game launch.
lenseven ratingfour the game is much better than before.
lenten ratingfour they should change the music why is it still same?
leneight ratingfive its really fun with all the new levels.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfour a very good game as expected but some settings like sensitivity should be added
lenfive ratingone this game crashes my phone.
lentwentyone ratingfive alot better than the first and glad they added more things to do than just run and jump to collect coins.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lennineteen ratingfive graphics settings on max, no lag at all- less lag than original, graphics improved greatly and overall much better.
lennine ratingfive one of the best free games i've played
lenthirteen ratingfive ok soo i downloaded the game yesterday & yeah its amazing & tons of fun!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive but i only got to play it for like 10 mins :( ? i dont know what happened it fore closed & then it wouldnt let me open it again soo yeah please fix .? i really like this game >_< !
leneight ratingfour i love it but the characters are few
lentwentysix ratingone i open the game up and it force closes about 1 minute in the loading screen at the begining of the game plz fix(samsung galaxy s)
lentwo ratingfive crear game!
leneleven ratingfive this is one awsome game way better then the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfour this needs 2 speed up a little bit and the tilting feature needs 2 be more sensitive.
leneight ratingfour also its strting not 2 open on my fone
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is great but it needs a sensitivity option otherwise its 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive 100 times better than the 1st one
lentwentyone ratingthree i have a galaxy s 3 and the game is good and has nice graphics but i experience some stutter with mine.
leneight ratingthree is it my phone or just the game?
lentwentyfive ratingfour it's awesome but there's less characters and very hard to tilt, the first temple run was smoother on tilting and on the turning
lenfive ratingfive challenging and tons of fun.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is sooooo awsome the monkey spirit is on steroids n all the little ones from before combined into one giant creature!
leneight ratingfive i hope the developers makes a third one
lensix ratingfive it is better than temple run
lensix ratingfive much better than the first game
lenten ratingfour for the most part i really like the new scenario.
leneight ratingfour but there is an issue with the sensitivity.
lenfourteen ratingfour i have to almost tilt my phone 90 degrees to avoid falling off a cliff.
lensix ratingfive i like this games so much
lenfour ratingfour best running game yet.
lennine ratingfour i would say its good competition to subway surfers!
leneight ratingfour new top game on my phone, great graphics.
lensix ratingfour hoping for added facebook integration :d
lennine ratingfive it keeps me from being bored i love it !
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love how the graphics improve from the previous game , the gameplay is really good too and its really smooth in nexus 7 full graphics.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is full of action and 10x better than the first one
leneleven ratingfive love the new powerups, obstacles, and the mine cart is great.
lenseven ratingfive in future updates please add more characters.
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lenten ratingfive this game is so fun i love it a lot
lenfourteen ratingone i have a galaxy s and doesnt work my phone always force to close
lenfour ratingfour way fun and addicting.
lenten ratingfour it gets  choppy sometimes but overall is really really fun
leneight ratingfive i love when you go through the mine!
lennine ratingfive it's way better than the old temple run.
lenten ratingfive my friends use all my gems, have to get more!
lensix ratingfive so much cooler than the original
lenten ratingfive this is tha best game!i luv it so much
lenfifteen ratingtwo i was looking forward to this so much & now that its here i'm like . . .
lenthree ratingtwo oh. tilting sucks.
leneighteen ratingtwo i literally have to almost turn my phone in order to get him to move to the sides.
lenfour ratingone screen resolution not compatible.
lensix ratingone not at all able to play.
lensixteen ratingfive its great and if you change the graphics level to the highest it looks so beast.
lenfourteen ratingfive very well made game, and scarlet fox's accent is hilarious when she falls.
lensix ratingfive love it love it love it.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lennine ratingfour beats any other game with killing machines for sure.
lentwenty ratingfour but hardd really just finding tht it was a temple run 2 yesterday and i played it on my bestfriend kindle .
lennine ratingfive good as effects and good graphics on samsung galaxy s3 (:
lenfourteen ratingtwo i guess imangi got a new rendering engine or something, and it is horrible.
lenthirteen ratingtwo after about 1000m mark the rendering stops so you pretty much fall and die.
lensixteen ratingtwo even the power ups were more fun and interesting rather then the ones in this game.
leneleven ratingtwo please fix the render issue and i'll give 5 stars back.
lentwelve ratingfour it continues to lag fix this and it would have give stars
lentwentyfour ratingfive i think this game is unbelievable how its made ,and its so fun i love it please get it your mind will be amazed.
lennine ratingfive i'm always playing it in my free time.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive its even better than the original.
lenseventeen ratingone i played a few times fine then today when i try to turn it makes me jump.
leneight ratingfive it's really amazing.interesting than previous version
leneight ratingtwo the app erased all my progress & keeps freezing!
lensix ratingthree so cool i like the changes!
lennine ratingfour even on a brand new ipad it gets slow.
lenfive ratingfour but it's super fun!
lennine ratingfive the best one yet ill never forget it ever .
lensixteen ratingfive its the one for adventorous people and its addictive better than the first and brave run !
lensix ratingfive must have game for game lovers.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo looks like an amazing game but cant play cus the scoring thing takes up all the space and i cant click on the menu cus it justs resumes.
lenseven ratingtwo i cant even get through the tutorial!
leneleven ratingtwo trued it on other tablets/phones and looks great. : ( : ( : ( lg optimus l3
lenthree ratingfive mane this app 3live.
lenseventeen ratingfive i been waiting on it to come to android phones but it came to iphone market first.
leneleven ratingfive i search it up on here, but it wasn't here.
lentwelve ratingfive now im scrolling down the android play store and i found it.
lenfour ratingfive app go hard tho.
leneight ratingfive brilliant game love it the graphics are brilliant
lenten ratingone this game does not work on a samsung galaxy s 4g.
lenten ratingone you can download it but it want open at all.
lentwelve ratingone imangi studios please fix the bugs it would be a great game.
lenthree ratingfour fun and addictive
lenfive ratingfive i've tried many things.
leneleven ratingfive also the running route takes a little time to show up.
lenthree ratingfive pretty frustrating overall.
lenfour ratingfive this game is official
lenten ratingfive i love this game  it is perfect on my tablet!
leneight ratingfive better than the first paart love the mine
lenfive ratingfive i am enjoying playing it.
lenfifteen ratingfive nice game is very exciting  but is not better first one is first is better
lenthree ratingfive it ia awsum
lensix ratingfive sooooooooo goood way better than first
lenthirtytwo ratingthree one big repeating problem though,  it always asks if you want a revive in exchange for a jewel once you die but every time i try it the game crashes :/ please fix?
lensixteen ratingone all i get is a black screen and then i get kicked back to previous screen. :(
lenfive ratingfive betta then 1 i love it
lenthirteen ratingfive you don't want to stop playing the moment you started to play!
lenfour ratingfour much better than original
lentwentyseven ratingthree at first i thought i was accidentally purchasing stuff but after accumulating around 5000 coins in one run, i see that i only have a total of 1200 remaining.
lenfive ratingthree hope u fix it soon
leneight ratingfive much better graphics  nice game play  great changes
lenthirteen ratingfive yea i love it i think its fun but also challanging so yea.
leneight ratingone you can' t play the game at all.
lentwentyeight ratingone starts with the imangi studios load up part and all of sudden it force closes without any previous notice.you can't even get to the main menu.
lennine ratingone please fix and i will give your deserved 5* rating.
lennine ratingfive this is better then temple run the old one
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingfour fun enough that you don't have to buy in app to keep having fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive samsung galaxy camera  wow this is one of the greatest game i've ever played.
leneleven ratingfive and it's good that they fixed the back button issue.
lentwelve ratingfive please add the other characters like in temple run 1 the other 3 characters.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive nice n addictive game.
lenseventeen ratingfive works like a charm on my sam infuse 4g running android 4.2.1 with a hummingbird single processer clocked @ 1.2 gh
lenthirteen ratingfour when ever i try and resume playing when i die it crashes sometimes !
lenfour ratingfour rectify this issue asap !
lentwelve ratingfour as far as the game goes it cant be better than this
lenfourteen ratingtwo improvement on graphics, and but gives me a massive headache and tilt+swipe sucks.
lensix ratingtwo i hard to get into transition
leneight ratingfive thank you for making such a great game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfortysix ratingfive this game is completly more.exciting than the last.its pacing,thrilling,and more.i just cant explain how epic it is.i see two major diffrences between temple run 1&2.i can tell you put a lot of hard work into this!keep the updates rollin'!
leneighteen ratingtwo the app goes to the loading screen and then crashes it just won't work on motorola triumph
lentwo ratingfour superb game !
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics !
lenfourteen ratingfour only one thing, . plzzz install tilt sensitivity setting, it's just too damn important !
lensix ratingfive keeps my little brothers quiet lol
lenseven ratingone this game sucks, not good at all.
lenseventeen ratingone it lags for no reason considering it doesn't even need internet and it has terrible gameplay.
lenthree ratingfive amazing stuff cool
lenseven ratingfive please download it doesnt.crash or anything!
lenfive ratingfive no lagg and no adds!
lentwo ratingfive samsung galaxy s2
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenseventeen ratingfour i have a problem where my swipes aren't registering when i try to turn or jump.
lenseven ratingfour this happens randomly and at critical moments.
leneight ratingfour it's cost me plenty of high scores.
lenfourteen ratingfour i know it's not me because i've even tried exaggerating me swipes.
leneight ratingfour only minus: it kills the battery really fast.
lensix ratingone it doesnt  work w/ my phone.
lenfour ratingfive but orignalone is awsome!
lenfour ratingthree brilliant game and addictive.
lenseven ratingthree alot of changes since the first game.
lentwentynine ratingthree i found that the tilt is alot less sensitive and you have to tilt the device +45 degrees to collect coins and has caused me to die on countless occasions.
lenfive ratingthree 5stars if it was more sensitive
lenfour ratingthree temple run 2 is great!
lennine ratingthree #1 game out on android & iphones yet, in my opinion.
lenthirteen ratingthree but one flaw of this game is that it freezes & lags a lot.
lenfifteen ratingthree also the sensitivity adjuster* needs to be added back on here.update like a$ap
lenfive ratingfive better than the first tr
lensix ratingfive this game is awsome and great
lenseventeen ratingfour runs great in my note 2 but please add a tilt sensitivity bar like in the first one.
lentwelve ratingfour i have to tilt my phone sideways to stay on one side.
lenseven ratingone game does not work on my phone!
lennine ratingone it blacks out and goes back to the menu
leneight ratingfour good as temple run one but lags significantly
lenfive ratingfive im obsessed with the game :)
lenseven ratingone it wont download on my htc evo 4g
leneight ratingfour awesommee best temple  run and also the features
leneight ratingfour it stop after the 5 time and had redownload
lenfour ratingthree needs a sensitivity option
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics and visuals love it!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfive ratingfive it is addictive and cool
lenfourteen ratingfive hell yea this bit fye asf and way way better than that 1st one doe
lentwentysix ratingfive thanks to imangi studios to bring a sequel that runs fine on samsung galaxy duos and does not lag as much as its previous version did.
lentwenty ratingfive samsung note 10.1  i really love this game and i just can't get my beady eyes off of this game!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game loved it
lensix ratingone i noy able to download it!
lenten ratingfive it's fun but the mining part is kinda hard. :-)
lensix ratingthree but this is a superb game
lenfive ratingfour nice upgrade from the original.
lentwo ratingfour definitely download \(^.^)/
lenten ratingfive this game is sooooooo much better than the first one
leneight ratingfour its better if we can adjust the sensitivity
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfifteen ratingthree i love this game but i cant open the app, its exits out of everything.
leneleven ratingfive this is awesome because it it so easy to play it
lentwo ratingfive cool features!
lenthree ratingfive freggin awesome dude
lenfive ratingone game is't working correctly
lentwo ratingfive soooo addicted!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive love all the new features!
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics new features and powers!
lensix ratingfive and kicks the first wons butt!
lentwelve ratingfive this game i gonna be number 1 by the morning middle of february!
lentwo ratingfive coollllllllll  ?yyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhh
lenthirtyfive ratingthree firstly, i bought 2 lots of 5000 coins that never came through, and then the game glitched giving me a highest single run score of over 12 million and there is no option to reset your highest score
leneleven ratingfive but i think there should be multiple ,maps to be played ,
leneight ratingone every time i press on it just cloes
leneight ratingfive but after a few plays i was hooked!
lentwelve ratingfive way better graphics, and new areas like the mines and the forest!
leneleven ratingfive and its free if you don't get it your insane!
lenthree ratingfour completely copied pitfall!
lentwentytwo ratingtwo it is hard to see the course with the giant sloth monkey following me and then i die because of that thing.
lenseven ratingtwo also, the gems are stupid and unessary.
lenfive ratingtwo the characters cost too much.
lentwentyone ratingtwo once i got like 5 gems in one run, and it didn't count that so i have to do it again.
lenten ratingtwo if you don't count that great game. :-) bad game.
leneight ratingone this apparently wont even start on my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone i wanna play really bad but it just shows the logo thing then closes.
lensix ratingthree wish there was a sensitivity setting.
lennine ratingthree have to turn my phone completely sideways to tilt.
leneleven ratingthree if this gets fixed i'll definitely give it a 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive its better than the original.
lenfour ratingfive it is nice game
lenfive ratingfour awesome i love this game.
lenseven ratingfour but the sensitivity is a little off.
lenfourteen ratingone everybody love this game but wish i could play it wont open please fix
leneight ratingone this game sucks it should suck mi dick
lenthirteen ratingfive i did not like the first temple run, but temple run 2 is awesome!
lenseventeen ratingfour overall great, but tends to lag and skip frames even with quality turned all the way down.
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't work for 4g impulse, it just loads to main screen then exits please fix!
lenten ratingone after installing i got he error message "file package invalid"
lennineteen ratingfour i think it is really good,but how do you save the game when you shut down your tablet?
lennine ratingfour can you please email me back at lucydavies2003@btinternet.com
leneleven ratingfive this game is a boss can't wait for temple run 3
lenthirtyone ratingthree now, i'm sure this app is great and all - but it won't work on ky phone all i get is the i at the beginning - but then nothing happens.
leneight ratingone doesnt even open - stays at imangi studios page
lenthirteen ratingfour crashes or closes everytime u use save me in the mine motorola razr
lentwentyone ratingfive i think this a great game i would recommend it to anyone it is quite hard thought but better than first
lensix ratingthree good game but boring after availe
lenfive ratingthree its ok too much lag
lensix ratingfive awesome but haven't played it
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love this one more than temple run 1 lots  of fun the only problem is im so addicted i dont get any work done!
lentwelve ratingfive it downloads extremely slow for some reason but this game is awesome.
leneleven ratingone it wont load on mine i stay on the first screen .
lenfour ratingone then it force closes .
lenfourteen ratingone i fkcn love temple run i wanna try this game but it wnt load !
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics, smooth gameplay and cool abilities/power ups.
lenseventeen ratingfive good game the money stupid i didn't spend any but it keeps going up and down
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics !
lentwo ratingtwo temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive better graphics and animation.
lensix ratingfive i love the new "save me"
lenthree ratingone error in downloading!
leneight ratingfive temple run 2, that's all i can say!
lenthirteen ratingone image is too big, i can't even see what i'm playing.
lenfour ratingfive but with more stuff!
lenfive ratingfive elevation changes make things interesting.
lensix ratingfive the best endless game ever!:-d
lenten ratingfour game is wonderful  i am still playing the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is the best, it is a lot of fun for kids
lentwelve ratingfive the only word i can use to describe this version is perfection.
lenfive ratingfive 400 times better than its predecessor.
lennine ratingfive the interface is beautiful, the lagging is almost at 0%.
lenthirtysix ratingfive the only issue i have (and its so minute its hardly an issue) is that when i play this on my samsung galaxy tab i sometimes catch the pause button with the bottom of my hand.
lennine ratingone i think the first temple run it is better.
lenthree ratingfive loving the graphics.
leneight ratingthree game is good but it is very laggy.
lenfive ratingfive it's an amazing game.
lenfourteen ratingfive my only problem is it crashes on my tablet every once in a while .
leneight ratingfive that sucks when i have a good run!
lentwentytwo ratingfour i do enjoy this game way more than the first but i have to say that the first one controls way better.
leneight ratingfour other than that, it｀s an epic sequel!
lenfive ratingfive i love the new features .
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love the new temple run its better than ever i used to think that subway run is better because the normal temple run was getting boring than this changed my mind in a click!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfive i found this game more appealling than the first one.
lenten ratingfive it runs really smooth and graphics is a great update.
lenfourteen ratingfive i wont let me to the qame but and only beqnning stays so(freezes)
lenthirteen ratingone it won't let me donwnload this  so i don't like it
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive fu** yea.
leneighteen ratingone i have a droid and when i try to download the game it says "package file is invalid".
lenthirteen ratingone weeks ago when i first downloaded the game it wouldn't open.help!
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lensix ratingone why is this game so laggy?
leneleven ratingfive when i download it, it says package invalid.please fix it
lenfive ratingfive the other temple is better
lentwelve ratingfive this game is fun to play when y'all haveing temple run 3
leneight ratingfive game is class love all the new features.
lensix ratingfive runs perfectly on my galaxy ace 2!
lentwentyseven ratingfive temple run is the funnest game i ever played in my life thanks sponser for putting temple run and temple run two on the play store:-d
lenthirteen ratingone just stays on the main screen then closes out to my main screen
lentwentyone ratingfive is asowen and good because i have like theer charcters and i almost have kharma lee and its aswowen and good
lentwo ratingfive soo awesome! :)
lentwo ratingone wont load
lenfour ratingfive better graphics, more exciting!
lensix ratingfive the gems are a nice touch.
lenthirteen ratingfive much better than the first one and runs smoothly on my droid razor.
lennine ratingfive but sometimes when i try to resurrect, it freezes.
leneight ratingfive yall should make some kind of story line.
lenseven ratingfive other than that, the game is fantastic
lennine ratingfive this is perhaps sequel to the original temple run.
leneight ratingfive it has amazing graphics and excellent performance 5 stars!
lenfour ratingone keeps closing.wont open
lennine ratingfive the best game i ever  player in my life!:-
lensix ratingfive 1 of the best android games ever!
lenthirteen ratingfive thumbs up to a great game,hard to put down once you start.
lensix ratingfive one of the best running games.
lenfourteen ratingfour harder than the original, but the improved environments makes for a better experience overall.
lennine ratingfive got as popular as facebook in just two days!
lenfour ratingfive and awesome game too
lensix ratingfive love it love it love it
lentwo ratingfive nice joe
leneleven ratingfive this is an extraordinary game that i would recommend to anyone.
lenten ratingfive finally a new version of temple run has been released!
lenthirtynine ratingone haveing loved the orginel i was pleased to see the sequeal, but how dissapointed, temple run 2 is crap the controles are sooo bad tilts the screen.just a waste of time u might as well tilt ur phone 90 degress.
lenten ratingone so dont waste ur time and just keep the orgianel ;-)
lentwelve ratingone i know i am the only one to say this butt bad.
lenfourteen ratingfive super fun to play:) it lags a bit but other than that,its great:)
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm not sure how you did it but it is a lot better!
lenten ratingfive and the first one was good, cleaner faster prettier grittier.
lentwelve ratingfive great game it is a little bit better than the first one.
lennine ratingthree its good, but i prefer the first one better
lenfifteen ratingone this game is stupid it wont turn on at all when i click on it .
lenfourteen ratingfour great game just needs a few bugs sorted and updates and will be amazing :)
lenseven ratingone goes to the i screen then closes.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive :) i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive im enjoyng  da new envrnmnt!
leneight ratingfive gr8 graphics   & no lagging  impressive on my xperia pro
lensix ratingfive so much more options and variety.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lennine ratingfour good graphics and have improved the environment and obstacles.
lenseventeen ratingtwo sensitivity is terrible plus feels like the frame rate is low on both my note and sgsiii.
lentwelve ratingtwo palette makes it hard to distinguish obstacles from the over busy 'scenery'.
lentwo ratingfive amazingly addictive
leneighteen ratingthree amazing game but ill give a 3 stars because the game lags, also the game needs few bugs fixed.
lenten ratingthree but over all its a great game to kill time!
lennineteen ratingfour fun game over all but when ever im on a good run it starts to lagg a little bit
leneleven ratingfour i love this game and what you've done with it.
lenseven ratingfour i have noticed a lot of bugs.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour i also play it on my huawei fusion 2 and i don't know if that's part of tue problem but its a great game if yu┫ were into the first one with a whole bunch more extras.
lenthree ratingfive vry nyc game.
lentwelve ratingfour it's a great game and certainly a chance from temple run 1!
leneleven ratingfour i love how the ape takes up 1/3 of the screen haha!
lenseventeen ratingfour but the only reason why i give it a 4 star is that the upgrades are too expensive!
lenseven ratingfour i prefer the prices from temple run 1!
lentwelve ratingfour but i guess it does motivate you more to get the money!
lenthree ratingfour anyway, love it!
lensix ratingfour would like a 'back' button though!
lentwo ratingfive awwessoone bro
lennineteen ratingfour it would be a 5 stars game if it had facebook plugin so we could compete again our fb friends.
leneleven ratingthree temple run 2 is decent, but it sort of is too much.
leneleven ratingthree suddenly you're in a sky village with minecarts and rivers?
lenfive ratingthree what happened to the temple?
lenfive ratingthree feature was a bad idea.
lenfive ratingthree it makes it too easy.
lentwentyfour ratingthree however, i do like the new ability in the corner of the screen, as well as non-right angled maps and new player models.
lensixteen ratingthree overall, good game, but a little too much; it doesn't feel like temple run anymore.
lenthirty ratingthree the graphics of this games is extremely good but what puts me off is that the ressurect feature is replaced by the save feature which can at 1 point use 1000+ gems
lensix ratingfive this game is so fuckin awesome
lensixteen ratingfour temple run 2 is way better than the first one, but just cuz better graphics and exciting.
lenfive ratingfour four stars= its real slow
lenseven ratingfive first part was amazing now second.yesssssssss
lenseven ratingthree does not respond to tilt on note 2
leneight ratingfour definitely a step up from the first one.
lentwo ratingfour totally addicted.
leneight ratingfour this version is lots more fun and varied.
lenseven ratingfour i can't quit p laying it.
leneight ratingfive like everyone says its amazing on the galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive superb game play.
lensixteen ratingfive sounds like you need a quad-core phone or equivalent to really appreciate true game play.
lenten ratingfive as phones and tablets improve this game will truly appreciated :)
lennine ratingfive better than 1st 1 evryone should hav a luk at this
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome.
leneight ratingfive i think it's better than temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive i can even go as far as saying it's the best endless running game.
lenseven ratingfive this game is the most wonderfull.graf
lenthirtyfour ratingone if you play and your phone dies it erases your money and stats, then you have to download it to get it to work, but it still won't give you your stuff back!
lensix ratingfive this game will blow your mind
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
leneleven ratingone i hate this game cause it wont let me download it
lentwentyone ratingthree it has good graphics but it lags sometimes when i jump and when i tilt to the right it goes left.
lenfour ratingfour i love the game.
lentwelve ratingfour it's great, good quality too but tends to crash on me?
lenfive ratingfour otherwise then that really great!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive i haven't played it but i watched my friend play it it looks awesome
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing.
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous one.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy playing it.
lenthree ratingfive aka resurrection purpose.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive the problem with it is that when i die and i really dont have a gem to resurrect myself, it shows me that i have 7 or 4 gems or however much instead of showing me 0 gems.
lenfour ratingfive kindly fix this issue.
lenfive ratingfive big inprovment from temple run 1.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is so cool.i like temple run2 better than the first temple run game
lenfive ratingtwo the controls are really unresponsive.
lenten ratingtwo and the minecart was a terrible addition to the game.
lensix ratingtwo all in all a terrible game
lenten ratingfive i like it i belive the other players do to
lennine ratingfive great job, improved on the original in all areas
lenfiftyfive ratingthree overall the game is great.love the new features.but the worst thing is,after some time it cleared my progress.i played for hours many times, but it cleared all my progress.but then i got it.when u try to improve the graphic quality, it will never start again.so pleeeaasee fix this!
lensix ratingone doesn't open on htc bravo
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lentwentyfive ratingfive dear imagi studios,    please i beg you to make a temple run 3 and i bet that temple run 3 will even get more downloads           sincerely, #1 fan
lentwelve ratingfive best game ever keep it up ill be waiting for temple run 3
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is just as good, if not, better than the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfive it runs very smoothly on my galaxy nexus and motorola xoom.
lenseventeen ratingfive there is just one very small but significant bug that has wrecked a few of my scores.
lentwentyfive ratingfive when the low battery notification pops up, the game does not pause like it did in the original temple run, therefore causing me to die.
lennine ratingfive again, 1 really small but with probably an easy fix.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics!
lenthree ratingfive addictive and challenging!
lentwelve ratingfive this is way better than the first temple run a big improvement.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
leneight ratingfive better than the first by a long shot
lensix ratingthree camera angles aren't very good
lenthirteen ratingtwo i played liked like 3 but it gose to the house plz fix it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive this is a great way to pass the time
lensix ratingfive better than panda and temple run
lentwo ratingfive preety nice!
lenthirteen ratingthree i only played the game once but now i cant open it again!
lentwentyseven ratingfive it's downloading.but i can see the pics. :p thanks alot for making this game now i can get over that subway surfer thanks alot (y)
leneight ratingfour first time playing and it is very interesting.
lensix ratingfive love this  game but it hard
lentwentyfour ratingfour better than the 1st one but there us a slight lag on my phone and my wife's galaxy s3 but smoother on my old galaxy s2.
leneighteen ratingfive temple run 2 is better then 1 i like it and it hard to get my to like  some thing :)
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfive tnx to imangi studios.
lenfive ratingfive this app is really cool.
lenthree ratingfive keeps force closing
leneight ratingone will not go pass home  screen always frozen
leneight ratingone when i open the game, it closes everytime.
leneight ratingone goes to first loading screen then force closes.
lenten ratingfour it works great but needs improvements to fix some bugs
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i like this game because it's more interested than the first temple run and u can like do more things than just run  from a bear or whatever that thing was
lensix ratingfive very addictive game, worth the download
leneight ratingfour it is goog but temple run is great.
lenten ratingfive you took an awesome game and made it more awesome!
lenfive ratingfive kudos snd absolutely five stars!
lenten ratingfive i love it so much better than the first one!
lenseven ratingfive i love it rocks best app ever.
lenten ratingfour way better than the original but hate the coal mine
lenfourteen ratingone motorola triumph forces close on first screen fix please would love to play it
lenten ratingfive great game,i'm in love with all the changes!
lennine ratingfive this game is the best game i ever played
lenthirtyfour ratingfour this game is just as fun as the first temple run, but with more.templey-ness. ;d every now and then, though, it's nice to take a break and play the older version.
lensix ratingfive im loving this game too addicting
leneleven ratingone as soon as i go in the game it automatically exits.
lenfour ratingfive exactly what i expected!
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lennine ratingfour this game is awesome mostly better than the first
lenfour ratingfive i love this game,3
lenthirteen ratingfive love this game, def the best running game app i've came across!
lenfive ratingfive it rocks to the core
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics
lennine ratingfour needs sensitivity bar hard to move left to right
lensixteen ratingfive this game is so awesome but a little hard so different from original temple rim e
lenfive ratingtwo freezes on the frist screen
lennine ratingthree very choppy and some flaws while jumping on galaxy s2.
lenseven ratingfive soooo much better than the first one!
leneight ratingfive so much more fun than the first one!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingfive it's really addicting and challenging.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lentwentyone ratingone everytime i open up the app,it forces closed after a few seconds so i can't  even play the game.
lenthirteen ratingone i've tried to turn on wifi but it still doesn't help.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool it is way better then temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive i simply love the new version, and all the new add-ons
lenseventeen ratingfive definitely runs smoother on android than the first one did, also great game to pass some time
leneleven ratingfive this is the boom.comb no freeze at all love it
lenseven ratingone i kno i hate this phone lol.
lenthirty ratingone but i downloaded the game soon as i open it it starts at the beginnin screen with the green letter "i" my phone vibrates twice and shuts the game off.
leneight ratingone couldn't even get to the home screen.
lenseventeen ratingone please if u can make this game available for my sidekick because i really wanna play this
lenfive ratingfour but takes forever to ld
lenfour ratingfive lili loves this game
lentwelve ratingfive this app is run like a butter on my xperia neo v .
lenthree ratingfive love the additions
lennine ratingfive its like the same thing but with more stuff
lentwo ratingfive freakin awesome.!
leneight ratingfive awesome upgradation n luv it's new graphics
lennine ratingfive i juss likee that itss a challengee for me :)
lenseven ratingfive its so much more challenging and interesting! !
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy playing it.
lensix ratingfive really nice refresh from last version :)
lenthree ratingfive ang saya saya!
lenthree ratingfive look more realistic
lennine ratingfive it's even more addicting than the first game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the graphics are way better than i imagined and the new obsticles are a great addition that really spice up the game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo this game is very enjoyable and a great improvement in the temple run franchise.
lenten ratingtwo i can only play the game about 1 out of 10 tries.
leneleven ratingtwo the other 9 times it crashes while loading before it even begins.
lenfour ratingfive this game is beast.
leneleven ratingfive i was getting a little bored with the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfive this one is a little challenging at first but its awesome.
lenfour ratingfive who doesnt like it!?
lenfive ratingfive it's animation so awesome!.
lenfour ratingthree im using the galaxy s2.
lenseven ratingthree all is fine but its abit laggy .
lensixteen ratingone i love this game but after i loaded it it wont go past the creators screen.
lenten ratingfive it has all kinds of new stuff get it now
lenfive ratingfive thanks for the game :d
lensixteen ratingfive i have this game on my galaxy s3 and it blows temple run 1 out of the water!
lenseven ratingfive everything is so complex and realistically fun!
lensix ratingfive keep the great work up guys!
lensix ratingfive this game deserves 5 stars.awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant graphics
leneleven ratingone i downloaded the game and open it and it just closes
lensix ratingfive great app and just as addictive!
lenseven ratingfive holy magikarp this game is insanely awesome!
lenten ratingfive if i can give it 10 stars i wouldn't hesitate.
lenthree ratingfive that friggin awesome!
lenfifteen ratingfive now we can play temple run 2 like in 5 weeks ago we could't play it
lensixteen ratingfive i think it was a good change and it wasnt the same as the first one.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game! ?
lennine ratingfive the graphics are much better than the first one.
lentwentyfour ratingfour awesome game better then the first, but when i click, half the time,to use the gems to come back to life it freezes.
lenfour ratingone cant even download successfully ! -.-
lenfive ratingfive the best running game ever
lenfortytwo ratingfour in temple run 2 the game is not as sensitive as the first one, and i would sometimes need to turn my phone close to 90 degrees just to stay on the ledge, so if this is fixed, a full 5 stars will be given
lenfive ratingfive works great on my nexus
lenten ratingone does not wrk wit my xperia neo v .ny help ?
lensix ratingfive better than the first, absolutely love.
leneight ratingone when trying to tilt it doesn't respond :(
lenthree ratingfive much better graphics
lentwentyseven ratingfour i seen wat the game looks like on my friends phone but i downloaded it today and started playing but it keeps force closing on my phone.
leneleven ratingfour i gave it a 4 because i seen how awesome it is.
lenseven ratingfive super fun and better than temple run 1
lentwentyeight ratingone after i download this app i try to open it so i can play it and it just takes me back to the screen i was previously on.
lennine ratingfive just enough challenge and reward to keep players interested.
lentwentythree ratingfive at no point did i feel like i'd waste 10 years trying to get something done that a $20 micro-transaction could fix immediately.
leneleven ratingfive no adds, so cool, great graphics, way better than the original.!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game.i like temple run 2 better than the 1st one!
lennine ratingfive can't wait to see a third one someday.
lenten ratingfive i'm thoroughly enjoying this app on my motorola xoom!
lenfour ratingfive this game is wonderful.
leneighteen ratingfour amazing game great graphics and more fun than the first one but please add in the other characters.
leneleven ratingone everytime i download this it keeps on giving me an error 498!
lenfourteen ratingone ive cleaned up my cache and sure have enough memory to dl this app!
lenfour ratingfive so super cool yall
lenfifteen ratingthree its a really fun game, but when the game stutters it causes me to lose.
lentwelve ratingfive than the original version, which i got bored w after a week.
lennine ratingthree wont even let me open the app please fix
leneight ratingone there are no black girls on this game.
lenten ratingone there are white girls and boys n a black guy!
lenfour ratingfive this game looks suck
lenthree ratingfour love the graphics
lennine ratingone plus what's with all the random dead ends?
lensixteen ratingfour great app and all, but sometimes even when i cross those cliffs i still fall through.
lentwo ratingfive congrats imangi:)
lenfive ratingfive great upgrade from temple run 1
lentwentytwo ratingfive this is game is so addicting that i had to recharge my phone 3 times today just so i could keep playing it.
lensix ratingfour the game keeps losing my coins.
lenfourteen ratingthree y is it that the game seems like it just can't keep up.
lenten ratingthree it lags when i turn.jump and it is horrible.
lenseventeen ratingfive the new features in this game are great and i like the concept of picking up gems.
lennineteen ratingfive the upgrades are better in this game than in the first temple run and this game has superb graphics.
lentwentythree ratingfive however, as others have stated, the tilt is undersensitive, powerups don't refresh, and the boost sometimes locks making you go extremely fast.
lenthree ratingfive overall excellent game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenseven ratingfive way better then 1st,but pitfall is better
lentwentytwo ratingfour i comment that this game is very good, but when i trying to upgrade powerups, the cost for upgrading powerups is 2 gems!
lenthree ratingfour not 1 gem, actually.
lennine ratingfour also, the running distance looks like something wrong else.
lenfortysix ratingone i'm done with temple run 2, i made 710,000 on my last run and it says my high score is 495,000 then my it took away all my jewels, won't let me ressurect, and it didn't me the coins i made in my last run either.
leneight ratingone i completed 2 objectives and they are still there.
lennine ratingone i'll give it zero stars if i could .
lentwo ratingfive wow astig
lenfive ratingfive thank god for gems lol.
lenfour ratingfour nice game love it!
lenfortythree ratingtwo well this game is great but it is suppppper laggy and i cant get past 1000 meters cause the lag is so bad when that is fixed id give it 5/5 and when i i use save me it takes me to my honm screen
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lentwentyone ratingfive i cant belive to play game like this one in running games i like temple run 1and 2 there should be 3rd one also
lenfifteen ratingthree very cool, only three stars due to the fact you loose your tokens very easy.
lenfive ratingthree not like the first version.
lentwelve ratingfour love the game but is anyone else having issues with their gold?
lentwentyseven ratingfour i will have 5000 then the next time i check i have less than 300 and i havent spent any let me know if your having this problem too
lentwo ratingone dosent load.
lentwelve ratingfive una mejor interacci┏n con el entorno y nuevas opciones de mejorar las habilidades.
lenseven ratingfive oh my gosh , the best game ever .
lenfive ratingfive im ready for temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive adictive game!
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i already reached 2,845,632 score.
lensixteen ratingfive the only thing is that there should be more characters but other than that, great game.
lentwo ratingfive awsum game
lenthree ratingfive cant leave playing
lenten ratingfour so cool but there's still lags when i play.
lenthirteen ratingfive my htc one v can support this game even the best graphics settings.
lentwentysix ratingfive just suggest that you guys would add a sensitivity button because my character keeps on falling even with slight tilting.and add more characters please.:d
leneight ratingfour it has some glitches but overall pretty good
lensix ratingfive looks like xbox on my dna!
lenfourteen ratingfour a lot different than the first one , they need to get the other characters!
leneight ratingfive finalllly temple run 2 , i like it thanx guys
lenthirty ratingone it was fun at first a little lag and bad tilt sensitivity then my phone automatically updated it now it crashes when i try to play it fix it plzzz
lensix ratingfive one of the awesomest games ever
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennine ratingfive i love this game so much i'm 2 addicted
leneight ratingfive works perfectly at max settings on my nexus 7.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is absolutely gorgeous!
leneight ratingfive i love the zip lines and cart sections.
leneight ratingfive subway surfers is now my number 2 favorite runner :-)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfive android's temple run 2 is way better than apple's! and way better than temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive its really good and extremely addicting:-) :-) :-) :-)
lensix ratingfive good and great fun better visuals.
lenfive ratingfive very nice graphics .burraahh   excellent
lensixteen ratingfive i only rate games i really really really like and this is one of the best
lenfour ratingfour temple run2 is so cool.
lenten ratingfour i like it but sometimes it makes my hp error -,-
lenthree ratingfive yep five stars
lenseven ratingthree alwars forces close so i cnt play
leneleven ratingfour but mines lags a little, let's start getting some upgrades
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive nice gameplay and awesome graphics!
lenfive ratingfour it's fun as heck!
lentwenty ratingfour but it f**king freezes and when i want to turn or jump, it won't! this is really awesome!
lenfour ratingone says "file package invalid "
leneight ratingfour the graphics are way beter than the first
lentwo ratingfive absolutely awesome
lentwelve ratingtwo iv downloaded it on a sony mino and it wont even open
lennine ratingfive i feel as if im actually in the game.
lennine ratingfour just doesn't always recognize swipes but still fun!
lenseven ratingfive a huge difference between the original one.
lenten ratingfive dis game is way better than da other temple run.
leneleven ratingfour love the game but keeps closing itself so i lose score.
leneight ratingfive i love this new temple run its addictive
leneight ratingfive i love the improvements and love the graphics.
lensix ratingfive how the hell is it free?
lensix ratingfive addictive just like the first one .
lenten ratingfive the only problem is the tilting sensitivity is too low.
leneleven ratingfive you have to tilt almost your whole device to left/right.
lenten ratingfive add a sensitivity setter and this game will be perfect.
leneight ratingfive temple run two is really fun to play.
leneight ratingfive they added so much things to this version.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentytwo ratingfour whenever you get the run boost thing, if it expires on a rope, you will be going uncontrollably fast with out invincibility.
lensix ratingfour which causes you to fall off.
lenfive ratingfour for getting a million meters.
lentwenty ratingfour so i hope i won't complete one, then have to do it again whenever it's the same objective.
lennine ratingfour other then these bugs, it's a great game.
leneight ratingone the downloading sucks it stayed at 29 for 3 hours :(
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics it's just awesome
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the update!
lennineteen ratingfour its prtty cool nd took thrm a while to put on the android market but is all good now
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive best running game i've seen
lenfourteen ratingone couldn't tell you what it's like because it won't even open!
lentwelve ratingone it goes to the front screen and that's it's fix
lennine ratingfive awesome job at making it even better than before :-)
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lenthree ratingfive enjoyed it, thanks
lenfour ratingfive entertained me for hours
lenten ratingone started downloading it 3 hours agoand it still hasn't finished.
lensix ratingone its not worth my time anymore.
lentwelve ratingfour i think it will be nice game in temple run sequal's
lenfour ratingfive thiz game was great!
lenfive ratingfive nice graphic and' nice place.
lenfive ratingthree i keep losing my coins.
lennineteen ratingthree i'll have thousands of coins and after i play another game i'm down to a couple hundred.
lenten ratingthree please fix this so i can get some more upgrades!
lenfourteen ratingfive very good game, but could you please add option for change sensitivity tilt screen!
lennine ratingone plzzz fix won't open stays on loading screen
lentwentytwo ratingtwo its good but after a few games it will not open and if you delete and reinstall it you loose your progress.
lensix ratingfive better graphic than the first version
lennine ratingfive really good game well harder than the first though
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingone does not load on samgung indulge.
lenseven ratingone really look forward to this being fixed.
lensix ratingone really want to play this game.
lenten ratingfive a must get game so much better than the first.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game.
lenten ratingfive the graphics especially, the other cool thing is the chaser.
lenfifteen ratingfive this time it isn't  five small monkey ape things, it's one big one.
lentwenty ratingfive personally i think the minecart area is challenging but, the hills and course and obstacles make it all worth it.
lenfour ratingfive great all around game.
lenfive ratingfive a bit more challenging though
lenfive ratingfive the game be getting stucl
lentwentysix ratingthree ok this app is good and all but guess wat yall need to fix the bugs and all because iy deletes my gems and my money!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive love it like a bich wit free d!ck
lennine ratingfive wow you guys fixed the exiting problem really fast.
lensix ratingfive great game runs flawlessly on my gs3
lenfour ratingfive more challenges, better graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour i love the game, but i give 4 stars because it usually slow down.
lensix ratingfive harika imangi birkez daha ba?arm?.
lenten ratingone i cant even pass the main screen it crashes horribly.
lensix ratingfive yea this shyt go dumb hard
leneight ratingfive awesome and hard thanks for this cool game
lenseventeen ratingthree it wont let me start the game and i dont know wats wrong someone plz help me.
lenseven ratingthree itll be 5* once i can start playing
leneight ratingone wont open on my galaxy player 4.0 fix it
lenfour ratingone keeps closing.wont open
lenfifteen ratingone doesnt work on my lg optimus black, always crashes on the loadong screen, please fix.
lenfour ratingthree great but still buggy
lentwentyone ratingfour i should say do u want to complete this purchase because i spent all my money by accident lying touching something
lentwentytwo ratingthree when u resurrect twice it automatcaly exits and when u ipen it again u have to start from d very beggning again.
lenfive ratingthree happened a lot of time :-//
lensix ratingfive love it even the chinese girl
lenthree ratingfive fix more bugs
lenten ratingtwo it was working perfectly fine untill a couple of times.
lenseventeen ratingtwo now when i try to open the game it just gets to imangi studios and then closes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo when i downloaded the game and opened the application it did not work!
lenfour ratingfive a very nice game.
lensix ratingfive graphics-wise, it's a killer.
lentwelve ratingfive there is just one thing, more sensitivity or response on the "tilt"
lenfive ratingfive job well done imangi studios.
lenthirteen ratingone able to be downloaded but does not open on galaxy s, please fix.
lenfive ratingfive better den the first one
lensixteen ratingfour whenever i die, and press skip, the screen freezes and i have to restart the app.
leneight ratingfive very addicting, great way to kill some time
lentwentythree ratingtwo help click the app and it opens to the big green i and then it force close before it gets to the menu
leneight ratingfive if u never played it u definitely should.
lennineteen ratingfive can be a bit confusing when no wall at end, but hey, that makes it all the more challenging!
lenten ratingfive i just love it its better than the first one
lenthirteen ratingfour as with the other two tr's, swipe and tilt need sensitivity work.
lensixteen ratingfour again i still watch the hapless characters run right off a cliff despite swiping to turn.
leneleven ratingfour the tilt is off real bad compared to tr and trb.
lentwo ratingfour amazingly awesome
lenfour ratingfive needs more mine carts
lensix ratingone el es buenisimo pero no carga!
lenthree ratingone arreglen el problema!
lenten ratingone si lo arreglan les aseguro de este juego sera 5 estrellas!
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than the first
lensix ratingtwo especially the part with the cart.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfive dis m'f addictive
lenthree ratingfive .read the title
leneight ratingfive so much harder but a lot of fun
lentwentyone ratingfour when i want to play during the day temple run 2 won't load so it just exits out of the app!
lenfourteen ratingfour i would give it a five star if it just didn't do that.
lenseven ratingfive te game is fantastic, i love it.
lentwelve ratingfive the only downside is that the tilt sensivity is not so sensitive.
lensix ratingfive you should add that in settings
lentwentyseven ratingone i have a tablet and i thought it would work on it but apperently not because it kept crashing so thats one thing they need to fix
lensix ratingfive best game ever i love it :) :)
lensix ratingone the game crashes all the time.
lenseven ratingone i collected 9 gems and after the crash -3?
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely hooked :)
lentwentytwo ratingthree played this game on my friends phone but crasihes om my phone please fix great game i will change to 5stars when fixed
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive i would give the game 5 stars i really do, but then wings.
lenfour ratingfive its a little missing.
lenthree ratingfive just add characters .
lentwelve ratingone it looks really fun but it won't work on my phone.
leneighteen ratingtwo imangi studio's please fix the screen problem its like jumbo hud i can barely see the character
lenfive ratingfive awesome templerun 2 is simply awesome
lenseven ratingfive this is officially my new favorite game!
lennine ratingfive i love it waaaay better than the first one! <3 :)))
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingone when i play it stays to the left even if i try to move it to the right.
lennine ratingone and i have reinstalled it like three times already.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game ever i swear .
lenfive ratingfive i love this game lol ;)
lenseven ratingfive i enjoy playing this game a lot.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i enjoyed temple run 2, it's a great game if you have time to run around in the temple and do stuff like that.
lenseventeen ratingfive i can't really find 1 that's much better but jetpack joyride is arguably just as good.
leneight ratingtwo this is a great game, no doubts whatsoever.
leneight ratingtwo but this does contain some very critical bugs.
lennine ratingtwo firstly, whatever coins you might collect do not accumulate.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo so choose whatever upgrades you can get while you can, because there is no telling when all of your thousands of coins will vanish without any explanation.
lensixteen ratingtwo i just did a run of 78 million meters with a score of 1.6 billion and zero coins.
leneleven ratingfive i really enjoy playing this and i recommend it for others.
lenfour ratingtwo needs more effects.deleteing.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love the new changes i was getting sick of the old temple run and this one is great in fact awesome
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is so adicting.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is even better!
lenthree ratingfive the original sucks
leneight ratingthree it isn't letting me turn at all.
lenfive ratingfive i luv playing this game
lenfourteen ratingfour i love the new upgrading system and how the character select now implements 3d models!
lentwelve ratingfour the environment you run in also feels much more alive and realistic.
lenseven ratingfour the graphic are also a great improvement.
lentwenty ratingfour when you duck the camera no longer drops with you which is also something i find to be much better.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only problem i have with the game so far is sometimes the controls lag or there will be a complete lack of response.
lensix ratingfour the frame rate is also jumpy.
lenfifteen ratingtwo temple run 2 is better, but it freezes and takes forever to load up and launch.
leneight ratingfour i try to load it but always close
leneight ratingone this app does not work on my phone
leneleven ratingfive this game is great so much better than the first one
lenseven ratingtwo only reacts half the time to commands.
lentwentyeight ratingfive i have had more fun on this game then most on my android.i just love it and recommend it.this game has epicness written all over it(:
lenthirtysix ratingtwo i have had several issues with it freezing or only letting me go so far before it starts to freeze or glitches, love the game but can't seem to get far because of the glitches!
lentwentyeight ratingfour temple run 2 is great but you have to tilt your device 90 degrees for the character to turn and the graphics for the character are better in temple run 1
lenthree ratingfour pretty decent game.
lensixteen ratingfour the graphics the stone getting used to, compared to get tr, but overall it's fun!
lensix ratingone this game has absolutely terrible lag.
leneight ratingthree i lost my game save after playing it.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i was like 46x multiplier and millions of coins.this doesn't apply to temple run 1 i only lost the save on my tr2.
lenseven ratingfive wicked game should be avalible for pc
lennine ratingthree in galaxy p-1000 didnt play temple run 2 please fix ;/
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lentwo ratingfive love game
lenseven ratingone when i open it, it force closes.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenthree ratingfive great engaging game
leneighteen ratingfour i play it once after instaling it then it goes to the green i and then it freezis.
leneight ratingfour then goes back to the home my screen.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenthree ratingfive runs so smooth
leneight ratingfive this stuff is hard common from my son
leneight ratingfive harder but loads better than the first one!
leneleven ratingfive more things to do than first edition and its very addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!;):)
leneleven ratingfive i really love this game and i cant stop playing it!
lentwentythree ratingone on htc desire the imangi studios icon comes up and after i wait for a while it just closes on to the homescreen!
lenseventeen ratingfive such a good game,  so much better than the other gamez on android innit blud x x
lenthirtyone ratingfive i think #2 is way more fun then #1 like by 100% this game is awesomely awesome and if u don't like it well its ur lost cuz its a really fun game
lentwentyseven ratingfour i enjoy this game, but one glaring issue is that occasionally when i hit "save me," the game will freeze and eject me to the home screen
lenfour ratingfive better than first version
lentwelve ratingthree good but it runs  slow on my htc thunderbolt, update please/fix
lennine ratingfive awesome game that is all i have to say
lenthirteen ratingfour has some lag issues and doesn't run as smoothly as temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive but since it is better, why don't the coins look like coins?
leneight ratingfive i love the way they made th game
lentwo ratingfive absolute brilliant
lentwelve ratingfour the games is better than the first but it is very glitchy.
lenthirteen ratingfour the character calls off the cliff even if its leaning the other way.
lensix ratingfour but besides that its pretty fun
lenfour ratingfive so amazing and addicting
lenseven ratingfive will soon become forgotten like its predecessor.
lenfive ratingfive very good game love it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfour great fun, addictive, in-game purchases reasonably priced
lenthirtysix ratingfive i've played this game since complate download and this game was so great, better than first temple run better graphic so need phone with big performance to play it 5 star for this game and imangi
lentwenty ratingfive this is a great game, but you guys should try something new by adding more maps and more characters! :d
leneight ratingfive i love running because the monkeys chance me
lenseven ratingfive the best game of all temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenten ratingfive this is the best game i've ever download!xd
lenthirteen ratingtwo i want to play the game but it wont open on my device.
lenfourteen ratingfive haven't even played it yet and i already know it will be awesome.
lenseven ratingfive this is easily the best game ever.
lenten ratingfive i play it everyday and every spare minute i can.
lentwentysix ratingfive i like the new graphics and the new environments there are still a few glitches but this game is new and will be fixed :good job:
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it
leneight ratingfive so much better than the first temple run! :)
lenfive ratingfour love all the new scenery.
lenthirteen ratingfour however power ups don't seem to last as long on this one.
leneight ratingfour apart from that , great job guys! :) asus nexus 7
lenthirty ratingone my galaxy s 4g downloads the game but when i try to open it, it stays on the "imangi studios," then buzzes once, twice quickly, then closes the app all together.
lenfive ratingfive not boring like.the.first
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it's moving a bit slower than temple run 1 but other than that i think they put a lot of work and effort into improving a great game and making it exceptional.
lenfive ratingfive loving all the additional elements.
lensixteen ratingthree i have too tilt my phone too much that i almost can't see my screen.
lenten ratingthree sometimes it also force closes when i use "save me".
lensixteen ratingfive i find this smartphone game to be very entertaining and i would recommend it to anybody.
lenfourteen ratingfive i never saw there is temple run 2.but i wish there is temple run 3.
lennine ratingfive this is such a good sequel to temple run.
lenten ratingfive it gives u more of a challenge n better graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenthirtynine ratingtwo i downloaded this yesterday and it was working fine, but today it just goes to the imangi screen and then closes back to my app page.i give it 2 stars because whrn i did play it it was fun
lennine ratingfive what an app most used on my phone anyway
lenten ratingtwo its a good game but there are loads of glitches.
lentwelve ratingtwo whenever i slide it bolts to the right and doesn't duck.
lenten ratingtwo also it doesn't want to turn around any corners.
lenfourteen ratingone it dosent even work its a waste of time so don't even download
lensixteen ratingfive this is definitely one of tge best games u can have on your phobe rite now.
lentwentynine ratingfive to make things a little better you should add facebook competition like subway surfers, i think your fans would like that but otherwise this game is pure awesomeness xd
lenfour ratingfive exciting, challenging, and entertaining!
lenfive ratingfive wayyyy better than the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive i thoug temple run 1 was the best game, but this is much better
lentwentytwo ratingfour i love all of the new obstacles, but it's pretty laggy if you have the quality turned all the way up
lenfour ratingfour i love temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfour i love the new courses and the mine cart and the rope!
leneight ratingfour please add an african american girl character, thanks.
lennine ratingfive i have officially become in love with temple run 2 !
lensixteen ratingfive way better than the first one (; & i have no problems what so ever <3 great job guise
lentwentyfour ratingfive if only they could have taken care of lag issue- trust me it's there and i am running it on lg optimus g
lentwenty ratingfour the only problem is that sometimes i'll jump and my character will land but it still makes him die.
lenseven ratingfour other than that, i love this game!
lenseventeen ratingfive this is an awesome game with a great screen, sound, improvements and above all, fun, fun, fun!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i would recommend this game to anyone who wants something to do to kill time, and/or a game that you'll want to keep.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this game is so amazing i can't ever put it down even when my mom says to go to bed i have to listen or i get it taken away
lenfive ratingfive good improvements from the original.
leneleven ratingfive should have had something that gave the previous players a bonus
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour runs smoothly on my galaxy s3.
leneight ratingfour but the tilt sensivity need to be fixed.
leneight ratingfour really nice game  and a little bit difficult
lenfour ratingfive this game is fluid!
lenfourteen ratingfive but i keep dying because the scenery is just so beautiful in this game!
lensixteen ratingfive i stare at the scenery and end up crashing into something or falling off the ledge.
lenten ratingfive do you know the location where this game takes place?
lenthirtynine ratingfive fun addicting the only thing ia that if uve already done something before like made ten million points u ahouldnt have to wait till it becomes a challenge to get the accomplishment it should just be a full list
lenfourteen ratingfour this temple run was awesome i just hope the next one is even bettet!
lenten ratingfour also add the three characters from the last temple run.
leneleven ratingfive this game amazing the first time i played out was amazing
lensix ratingfive i wish there were more tracks.
lentwelve ratingfive by only having one you limit the replay ability of the game.
leneighteen ratingone the game looks nice but its too big for my screen resolution please fix that my phone is 240x320
lenthree ratingfive kool game lol
lenfortyfour ratingfive omg i love this game it's way better than temple run 1 it has way better obstacles and it has really great graphics it is just amazing a have to get app it's sooooooooooo cool you need to get it and love it
lenseven ratingfive love it keeps me busy and entertained!
lenfive ratingfive runs fast and never stalls!
leneight ratingfive this is much better than the first version.
lentwentythree ratingfive graphics are awesome and it is slightly more difficult (which is a good thing because i found the first temple run kinda easy.)
leneleven ratingfive i love it so much so fun so asome sooooooooo hi
lennine ratingfive i wasn't expecting it to be this good!
lensix ratingfive woh am loving it all.dammit
lenfourteen ratingfive this is amazing!so fun and addictive, and way more graphics than the original
lenfive ratingone 1 works fine on my phone.
lentwentyone ratingone this dowloads, when u try to play it gives you the studio sign & then goes right back to my home screen.
lensix ratingone not play in my galaxy tab p1010 :(
lentwentyfive ratingone dosnt work on my galaxy s it just stays on the front page and vibrates a couple times and exits out of it please fix
lenthree ratingfive vary vary good.
leneight ratingfive awsome game great graphics works flawless on note 2
lenfive ratingfive improvements in graphics and gameplay
lenfive ratingtwo till it lags and quits
lenthree ratingfive thats good game
lenfive ratingfive love the game its awesome
lennine ratingfour big improvement over the last title, great job developers!
lentwentyeight ratingfour i would like to comment however that the tilt sensitivity on my nexus 7 is not write up to par, as in not as sensitive as i'd like.
leneleven ratingfive love it better than the first should add tilt sensitivity though
lenfourteen ratingfive i can play this all day long , i forget i have a life lol
lenfour ratingone crashes on start up
leneight ratingfive its so much better than the first game.
lenfour ratingthree slight lag on note 2.
lentwelve ratingthree some of the structures appear a second after they're supposed to.
lenseven ratingthree other than that the game is amazing.
lenfour ratingthree tilt sensitivity needs control.
lennine ratingthree items don't refresh after picking up another one.
leneighteen ratingone not installing on samsung captivate and galaxy s phones and error coming.not able to download.error number 498
lenthirteen ratingone why it won't work in my galaxy s? it always force close.
lenthirteen ratingthree yes, this game is best if all, but i have problems with sensitivity.
lenthirty ratingthree it is good but in the background there is a lot of yellow colour which makes it a bit dull  in the greenry also there is a lot of yellow.
lenthree ratingthree add cool blue
lensixteen ratingone ive literally downloaded this 7 times and every time i try to play it, its shuts down!
lenfour ratingfive excelent game so far
lenfour ratingfour mast game hai na
lenfive ratingone why cant i install it
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo it doesn't work properly.jumps on its own and evn slides on its own don't understand weather we r playing or it is playing by it self so fixing it would b better
leneight ratingtwo it wont even load it just logs out.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive temple run 1 is good but the thing that's better is temple run 2 is awsome  the mega monkey the mines are awsome and it would be great if they mad temple run 3 and see how it gose
lenfive ratingfive very good then temple run 1
leneight ratingfive the game is sooo much better and challenging.
lentwelve ratingfive this is one of the best mobile games i have ever played
lenten ratingone everytime i click on the game it crashes please fix!
lenseven ratingfour great core gameplay, but really horrible ui.
lenseven ratingfour the first one's menus are better.
lennine ratingfive i love is app it is duter then the 1
lenseven ratingfive we want before the iphone theses games
lensixteen ratingthree fix the swipe response time and bump up the tilt sensitivity and i'll be 100% satisfied
lennine ratingone no working in my mobile plese repair this problem
leneight ratingfive thanx guyes for making such a wonderful games! !
lenseven ratingthree the game is similar to previous one.
lenseven ratingthree liked the graphics of previous ones better.
leneight ratingthree contrast between objects and surroundings can be improved.
lenseven ratingthree things seem bit complicated in this version.
lenfortyeight ratingfour it is way better and bigger improvemebt from the first only thing is that the coins dont add up i can have 3000 coins total and then will go to 900 after the next run so far that is my biggest issue since i cant seem to buy upgrades(galaxy s3)
lenseven ratingfive it's like proper imense! :d x
lensix ratingfive second party is so  amazingly awesome
lennineteen ratingone when i first see this i was very excited then when it finished downloading it says invalid file download
lennine ratingthree the game is great but it glitches a lot.
lenfourteen ratingthree half the time when i try to turn i keep going of the edge.
lentwelve ratingthree whenever i beat my highscore and try to use a "save me"
lennine ratingthree it forcecloses and i lose everything from that run.
leneleven ratingone wont work on my phone please fix it seems really fun
lenthirtytwo ratingfour as the temple run was,the temple run 2 is not upto my expectation graphics are not promising ya but the best thing is the quality of the game has improved a lot.
leneight ratingfive i love playing i still like one better :-):-):-):-)
lenthree ratingfive smooth and fresh :-)
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lenfive ratingone keeps saying package file invalid.
lensix ratingfive luving this game gotta download it
lenthree ratingfive add some characters!
lenfourteen ratingfive fun fun fun game it really makes you stay alert on what's next.
lenfive ratingfive excellent game with great environment.
lenfourteen ratingfive it feels good when you go from an open emvironment to a close environment.
lenten ratingfive frame rates can be improved but the controls are excellent.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first version. :)
lentwentyone ratingtwo this game is awesome but its so laggy and sometimes ill try to jump or soething and he dosent do it.
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is too good in graphics  as compared to the first version .
lensixteen ratingfour but the concept of the game is not the best so the concept should be improved.,
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive i so love this game.
lensix ratingfive i am  realy like this  game.
lenthirteen ratingfive soo addictive just like the first one but much better especially the graphics
lenseven ratingfive i'm so addicted to this game
lentwo ratingfive loved graphics
lenthree ratingfive mantap x ah
leneleven ratingfive this is by far the best game for the mobile platform.
lensixteen ratingfive very addictive, and a huge step up from the original temple run, challenging and very fun!
lennine ratingfive no ads or malware, just pure awesomeness, and free!
lentwelve ratingfive just got it and my highest score is 3million, working on getting further!
leneight ratingfive highly recommend to anyone with a decent smartphone!
lenfourteen ratingfive also an option to lower the graphic content for people with lower grade phones.
lensix ratingfive runs extremely smooth on my galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive love it! - kevn
lensix ratingthree played fine until i closed app.
lenten ratingthree now it won't open.even when phone is restarted.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game just works perfectly on my note.with great graphics and addictive gameplay
leneleven ratingthree i like it but its not amazing could have done better.
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run
leneight ratingfive so much better than the original temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great games
leneleven ratingfive great game  really enjoy it and a lot more better features (:
lentwo ratingone wont load.
lenthirtythree ratingtwo seems like every time i get up over 2000 coins something happens and i'm back down in the 100's. like the game but that aggrivates me because i can't upgrade my stuff?
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenseven ratingfour but.game menu graphics are crap.mediocre!
lenten ratingfour you must have concentrated only on the core game development.
lenseven ratingfour please improve the ui of the menu.
leneight ratingfour i love the game.better than the first.
leneleven ratingfour but i still like the game menu of the previous one.
lenseven ratingfour hate to even look at this one.
lentwo ratingfive better graphics.
leneight ratingfive everything is better compared to the first one.
leneleven ratingfive the underground section is really cool, plus it feels much better.
lenthree ratingfive another great game.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lentwo ratingfive hot game
leneight ratingthree very annoying especially for a five year old.
lenten ratingthree i should say it's fine on my galaxy tab 2 10.1
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenseven ratingfive let's make a temple run 3 xb
lensix ratingfive it's a treat to eyes.
lenfour ratingfive spot on game play.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful graphics.
lenseven ratingfive like the first one but much better!
lennine ratingtwo eh just don't like it it's slow
lenseventeen ratingfour but i'm just dissapointed that it lags on a phone which even runs gta without lag.
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lenfifteen ratingfour occasionally has some glitches and freezes up or delays,  but other then that great game
lentwelve ratingfive i enjoyed the first one and the second one was way better
lenthree ratingfive i love running!
leneight ratingfive well not really, but i like the idea.
lenthree ratingfive love the app.
lensix ratingfive been a fan since templw run 1
leneighteen ratingfive this is better than the first one like i said excellent better graphics better everything an not boring.
lenseventeen ratingthree have a problem with the tilt to the right or left.otherwise its a very good game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenseven ratingone it just opens up the "imangi studios"
lentwelve ratingone page and then force closes itself on my dell venue thunder mobile. !
lentwentyfive ratingtwo it only lets me see part of my screen and idk what's wrong with it i was excited to play it now.just disappointed
lenfive ratingfive aaahhh, an evil demon monkey!
leneight ratingfive i love temple run 2, it's so detailed
lenseven ratingfive u rock temple run and imaangi studious
leneight ratingfive i was for this game for long time.
leneleven ratingfive i never played this game before but i think awesome still.
lennineteen ratingfive i might be wrong though since i never played it, but you should get it anyway too be nice.
lenfour ratingfive the  game  is  beutifull
lenfive ratingfour nice game bt hard enough.
lenthree ratingfive great best game
lentwo ratingfive more graphics.
lentwo ratingfive nice gameplay.
lennine ratingfive in galaxy p-1000 didnt play temple run 2 please fix ;/
leneight ratingfive its far more better than the previous one.
leneight ratingfive better graphics, better gameplay, better look.its awesome.
lentwentytwo ratingfive but jst a little confusing in terms for upgrade of powers and coins for the beginers,,,but will be fun afterwards.njoy
lenthree ratingfive love this app!
lenthirteen ratingfive **update: imangi just sent out update and fixed issue with exiting the game.
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is even better than the first - 3d graphic, more varieties items and gameplay improvement.
lentwentytwo ratingfive just like the first, you can play a quick game or as long as you want and you'll still love it.
lennine ratingfive you don't just simply run on straight road.
lenfourteen ratingfive now, you are in a beautiful 3d graphic environment and the roads are as real.
lentwo ratingfive perfect sequel!
lenten ratingfive i have all temple runs even disney brave temple run
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it and can't stop play it but u should improve sensitivity.
lenthirteen ratingfour great graphics,cool moves anf excellent development with new obsttacles.nice job guys
lenseven ratingfive good game kinda hard but still great
lenfifteen ratingfour gameplay is addictive, but the tilt controls definitely have some kinks that need improved upon.
leneleven ratingfour they're not nearly as accurate as the first game's.
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i try to play it goes to the inangi loading page then it just turns off.
lentwelve ratingone it doesn't even ask me to force close, it just closes.
leneleven ratingone i tried turning off my phone and that did not work.
lensixteen ratingone then i tried uninstalling it and downloading it again and it still does the same thing.
lenten ratingone please fix soon, i was really looking forward to playing!
lenfour ratingfive nice game.five star
lenseventeen ratingfour deff better than the first one but it has a few glitches when it picks up speed.
lenfour ratingfour cool graphics o_o
lenseventeen ratingfive after installing this game.i don't think i can spare my phone .by playing it continuously.
lenfour ratingone wdf wont even launch.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive avesome graphics
lenfive ratingfour why i cant download it?
lenthree ratingfive nice xperia miro
leneleven ratingthree it won't tilt to collect coins and stuff it sucks
lenforty ratingfour the graphics all throughout the game are perfect but i find the shadow's direction of the runner doesn't change with respect to the turns we take.if that is taken care of, i would certainly rate it 5 stars!
lensix ratingfive it is a really cool game.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive in love with this app is great works perfectly.
leneight ratingfive much fun and better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive its fun af
lenseven ratingfive way much better than the first game.
lenfour ratingfive five stars from me
lenfive ratingfive great sequel, awesome new features.
lentwo ratingfive freaking graphics .
leneleven ratingfive i've never played a temple run as good as this 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game so much it runs so well on my galaxy s2
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneleven ratingthree please work on the tilting is not accurate add more characters. .
lenseventeen ratingfive i am a fan of temple run and this new version completely surpass both brave and one.
lensix ratingfive thank you for this excellent game!
lenfour ratingfive much smoother than 1st game
lenfourteen ratingfive i m realy amazed when i was playing dis for frst . it is amazing . :*
leneight ratingfour it's like a temple run high upgrade.
leneleven ratingfour but you should come up with a more interesting app logo.
leneighteen ratingfive love the game but for some reason every time i die the game freezes an starts completely over.
lenten ratingfive is it the game or just my phone (samsung galaxy 2)
lenfifteen ratingone i can't give it five stars because i can't even open the app!
lenfive ratingone fix it, samsung infuse android.
lenthree ratingfive my fav game.
lenseven ratingfive but the main issue is the controls.
lenfour ratingfive controls not very effective.
lenseven ratingfive too easy game but very lenghty tasks
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenseven ratingfour nice new version. .good place for runnung.
lenthirteen ratingfour but after some run it start lagging which kills me. .on xperia u.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfive very addictive game.works perfectly without any lag.
leneight ratingfive lots of new obstacles like the cave wagon.
lenthree ratingfive a perfect game
lenseven ratingfive the game is vvvvvvvvvvv best and great
lentwo ratingfive ultimate graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenfive ratingthree problem with tilting and sensitivity.
lennineteen ratingfive love the game and even the graphics and great job with that huge monkey thing ;) please do temple run 3
lennineteen ratingfive the tilt sensitivity is kinda low, hopefully you guys can add option for users to adjust their tilt sensitivity
lenseven ratingfive the game is best excellent and great
lenthree ratingfive so freakin addicting
lenfourteen ratingfour just a little tweak option on the sensitivity will surely make this a 5star game.
lenthree ratingfour graphics are stunning.
lennine ratingfour sure temple run 2 has these new places and stuff.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i like it.but its 'kinda' annoying when it was the first time in great speed but the next time it was super slow so i got to play only the tutorial :/
lenthree ratingfive wow.amazinggg gameee.
leneight ratingthree cant wait for them to fix the problem
lensix ratingfive much better than the first game.
leneight ratingfour iphone version is change plz introduce iphone version
lenfifteen ratingfive i can only use it on mu iphone 5 but good job on the new game :)
lenfifteen ratingfive it is much more better than the last version,one of the best android games.
leneight ratingfive soooo coooool but every thing is so expensive.
lenseven ratingfour i have really enjoyed playing this game.
lenten ratingfour i play it a lot especially in my free time.
lenfifteen ratingfour but the tilt sensitivity could be improved as well as turning corners in the game.
lensix ratingfour but overall a really fin game.
lentwo ratingfive awsom game
lenfive ratingfive best action game till date
lennineteen ratingfive a big improvement over the first that was fun then just got boring after a while i love it
lentwentyfour ratingfive i am great fan of temple run.i used to play temple run 1.now temple run 2 is great sequel.improved graphics and perfect game
lenseventeen ratingfive everytime i play, the game eats my coins & i always end up with 1000 coins gone, please help
lenfive ratingfour i found problem in jumping!
lenten ratingfour please remove that bug otherwise the game is very good.
leneight ratingfive ah nigga this is of the hook cuz
lenthirteen ratingfour this has awesome graphics i think it is better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive great apps love it.
lenfive ratingfive better then temple run one
lennine ratingfour all is good but u guys shuld add 2 life!
lentwentyone ratingfive its a game that has a smooth and flowing style much better than the first one so goodbye old and hello 2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenfour ratingfive its so addicting , 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics by the way
lentwo ratingfive yesss finally!
lenseven ratingone very poor in compare with temple run 1
lensixteen ratingfive temple run 2 is really epic way better and more challenging than the first one love it
lensixteen ratingfive there are levels so it adds a little more to work towards besides a high score.
leneight ratingfive the new features are great and very engaging.
lenfiftytwo ratingfive it would be awesome if the developers added the ability to have more than one (just like 2 or 3) game so if more thn one person plays temple run 2 on a device, or if the device is shared (tablet, ipad, e-reader) the players can track wat level, scores, etc. they have individually.
lennine ratingfive also add more ways to earn coins for free.
lennine ratingfive and a way to compete with facebook/twitter friends.
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfour but i miss invinciblity.
lenfour ratingfive best game nice grafics
lenseven ratingone it freezes on the sidekick 4g, fix asap !
lensix ratingthree lots of bugs and swype delay
lenthree ratingone keeps crashing , wtf
lenten ratingfive amaizing, it has more thrill than i have ecer thought!
lenfive ratingfive plus, i love d graphix.
lenseven ratingfive i jst luv to play temple run.
lennine ratingfour the game is really fun and i love it.
lensixteen ratingfour there are a few bugs to be fixed but the thing that bugs me the most.
lensix ratingfour where's the invisibility power up?
lentwentyone ratingfive got addicted to it now once again i don't have a life besides working i play temple run 2 all day
lenfive ratingfive bakit naglalag loading tapos nawawala
lensix ratingfive enjoy my day playing this game.
lenthree ratingfive cool real great
lennine ratingtwo worked great for a day now it wont load.
lenfifteen ratingtwo tried shuting down phone, moving to sd card and back to phone but nothing works
lentwentyfive ratingfour there's something wrong with the monkey/ape: when you're running on the narrow winding edge it appears to be running on air lol.
lentwentyfive ratingfour never mind what i said about losing points earlier, turns out the head start thing which appears when you have at least 2500 is the culprit.
lenfive ratingfour lol and one more thing.
lentwenty ratingfour at one point, right after a game, the 'run again' button disappeared and when i clicked play, the game froze.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive haa haa
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive awesome game than the firs one
lentwelve ratingfive this just tops any other game out there this game is amazing!
lenthree ratingfive xlnt n superb
leneight ratingfive best from the 1st version of the temple run.
leneight ratingfour the graphics are way beter than the first
lensixteen ratingfive please make a tilt sensivity option & online facebook score, so we can compare score with friends.
leneight ratingfive other than that, this is an awesome games.
lenfifteen ratingone for some odd reason i tryed to play the app it would not let me
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentytwo ratingfive love temple run its an amazing game except for a bit of lag on my s3 other than that the game is great.
lenfour ratingfive would definitely recommend it
lennine ratingfive great graphics, lots of new features and great fun.
lensix ratingfour amazing 1.many things resolved in 2nd edition.
lenseventeen ratingthree great game as always, i perfer the old style of completing objectives, and also extremely buggy/glitchy .
lenfour ratingfive damm goog and fun!
lensix ratingfour best improvement from the previous one .
lentwentyfour ratingfour but there is promblem after getting 3000 coins it all over start again from 1 coin please imangi studios pfix the bug as soon as possible
lenten ratingfour not as smooth as tr1, yet great grafix and more adventure
lennineteen ratingfour fantastic work put into this game, however, sometimes the game crashes when attempting to use a save me gem.
lennine ratingfour frustrating when trying to continue a really good run.
lenthree ratingfour leaderboards anytime soon?
lennineteen ratingfour despite of a few lags on my micro max a90s this is definitely a great sequel of a great prequel.
lenfifteen ratingfive works with 60fps constantly on my samsung galaxy nexus.and it even doesn't have bugs.
leneight ratingfive jus glad they got another great game :d
lennineteen ratingthree i'm on the galaxy s3 in it is still choppy even with settings low, needs to be fix soon
lenseven ratingfive superb graphical design but without exit button.
lenfour ratingfive hoping for update soon! ;-)
lenten ratingfive awesome just loved it.excellent graphics.way better than tr 1.
lenfour ratingfive addictive.and entertaining.superlike
lentwelve ratingfive best game ever keep it up ill be waiting for temple run 3
lentwelve ratingfive there's enough new stuff for it to be fresh and enjoyable.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i luv the game
lenten ratingone does not works on my phone seriously need help please
lenfive ratingfive this game is just amazing
lenten ratingfour cant even play it gets stuck in the loading procces
lenten ratingone force closes never got to play it looks pretty fun
lentwo ratingfive superb game !
lenfive ratingfive and also graphics is brilliant.
lenfour ratingfive i like dis game
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive favorite game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome.
lentwo ratingfive addicting 5 stars
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i ve played tempal run on my phone and seeing the others palying on the second one i throught that i just had to have it soo i got it and it has been great
lenfive ratingfive just brilliant nd great graphics
lensix ratingfive great game for a large tablet
lenten ratingfour its nice and fun, but it needs the wings feature.
lenthree ratingfive boss like game
lenthree ratingfour ya.awesome game
leneleven ratingone went to play and it shows the logo, then force closes.
leneleven ratingone i was so excited to play and disappointed it didnt work.
lenfour ratingone temple run #1 worked fine.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful graphics
lenseven ratingone i wont open to the actuall game
lensix ratingfour you really have to tilt hard.
leneighteen ratingfour i like the gameplay alot more, but making it thru mineshafts w/o dying is hard because tilting.
lenfourteen ratingone on my phone the screen is to close so i can't see ahead
lenfive ratingfour very addicting game love it.
lenseven ratingone too big things on samsung galaxy chat
lentwentyfour ratingone when ever i close out the game then come back to it to play aging it wont let me play it keeps closing out
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 needs to have an option choice for how sensative you tilt the phone.
lentwentythree ratingfive man awesome.bt diz bloody htc explorer is a worst 1.its internal storage not enough bt 4 d game i hd resettled my factory.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lenseven ratingfour lags once a while but not bad.
lentwo ratingfive incredibly fun!
lenfour ratingfive loved the forst one.
lentwo ratingfive temple run <3
lenthree ratingfour nice graphics bt .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.!
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the first one.
leneight ratingfive i love it grrat game a must have!
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game!
lenthree ratingfive nice new version
lentwentyfive ratingtwo the game laggs a lot.and each time i have to restart my device to play the game smoothly.sensors too don't respond properly.
leneleven ratingthree the lag made me die 17 times in a row. -htc amaze 4g-
lentwentyone ratingfive i luv this game it is way better than the first one.but it really took a long time to load:(
lentwelve ratingfour it has a lil of lag please fix other then that prefect.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenten ratingfive only has minor lags can you fix that thnxs imangi :)
lenfive ratingthree 32 mb,isnt that too much?
lentwelve ratingthree i like the new edition its a bit more of a challenge
lennine ratingfive this is the king of all endless running games
leneleven ratingfive like temple run 1 but better more characters upgrades and different areas
lentwelve ratingthree very laggy on my zte-fury but other than that very fun
lentwentysix ratingone this crap lags it would be a awesome game if it didn't lag one star it would be a 5 star if it didn't lag.
lenthirtyfive ratingone it wont even let me play the game as soon as i cick on it ir force closes and goes back to my home screen can you fix this please i have an impulse 4g android
lenthirtyeight ratingfour it's a good game but i just hate when it makes you fall for no reason or when it dont turn like it suppose to n your coins get gone fast i don't like that part
lensix ratingfour bagus grafiknya, tp agak ribet mainnya.
lenseven ratingone it keeps on crashing on xperia sl
lenseventeen ratingone it's not installing it shows invalid fix this problem i m very either 2 play this game.
lenfourteen ratingfour i do wish there was a better contrast between the coins and the scenery.
lensix ratingfour sometimes they are hard to see.
lennineteen ratingfour i feel like i have to really tilt my phone to get the runner to move to the side.
lenfive ratingfive this new game is amazing.
lenfour ratingfive great backgrounds and features.
lentwo ratingfive deserves 5 stars
lensix ratingfour fix random crashes upon save me.
lensixteen ratingfive it's such a funny game ,when you play your feeling like you are an explorer.
lensix ratingfive but why cant i dl it?
lenthree ratingfive love the updates
leneight ratingfour second edition is better than the first game!
lenfive ratingfive really interlining game, love it!
leneight ratingfour this is a great sequel to the original.
lentwentysix ratingfour once after a game i went to store with 8k coins, without getting anything it went down to 5k then to 1k just by entering and leaving the store.
lennine ratingfive must say the game play is fantabulous.love it
lenthree ratingfour absolutely amazing game.
lennineteen ratingfour it tends to lag and i wish it had an option on the tilt sensitivity like on temple run.
lenseven ratingone please fix this for my dell venue.
lennine ratingone game is forcing close after the first logo screen.
lentwo ratingfive totally better!
lensix ratingfour why is the mine so hard?
lennine ratingfour i can't even go past the thin rail.
lentwenty ratingfour soon as the cart hit the rail i fall , i try to tilt slightly on curves but i still fall.
lenthirtyone ratingfour make the mine rail a tad bit bigger and what's the purpose of a shield if it only blocks one thing unlike on the first it shields thru most obstacles
lenthree ratingfour really nice game.
lenfive ratingfour but experiencing some little lags.
lenten ratingfour could you fix that and make it more smoother pls.?
lensix ratingfour im playing it on my tegra 3.
leneight ratingfour i didn't really expect some choppy gameplay.
lennine ratingfive really liked it goes smooth on my xperia play
lenfive ratingthree the turning is kinda weird.
lenten ratingthree its still isn't as good as other running games.
lensix ratingthree the original temple run is smoother.
leneighteen ratingthree but all in all this game is ok if u want a good running game get subway surfers
lenthree ratingfour super super super
lenthirteen ratingfive omg, this game is so perfect, where has it been my whole life
lenfourteen ratingfive i haven't been this addicted to an app since the original temple run!
lenseven ratingfive realy cool but a little bit harder
lennine ratingfive its is amazing all new featured and better graphics.
leneleven ratingfive i love it.ive been looking for it for so long!
lenonehundred twentyseven ratingfive temle  run 2 is awesome i have installed it  today my high score is 10000  exellent graphics then temle run and subway surfers in temle run 2 i like one place  where front is not a path and in front  in air there ia like a stone ball and we have to turn  right or left i dont knew i have to turn and i fall down in temple run five or six monkeys get behind us and in temple run 2 a big beast get behind us and when  beast is behind and you  are banged  or out then the big beast does like gorrila if  you are 10 this game is awesome for you even everyone can play this game our father grandfather mother grandmother can also play this game
lenfortythree ratingfive so you know im really excited to play it and then it just won't load!:( ug i'm trying to get it to work but idk. btw this definatly isn't a bad report. so i'm rating it 5 stars any way !(:
lentwentynine ratingone i downloaded it befor but i could go futher thah the starting when it play,when it reached here it  went back to the home screen please help me.
lenfive ratingone email me at rosela1000@gmail.com
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfourteen ratingfive i've been playing on my cousins ipod for week, it was about time.
lensix ratingfive i'm addicted to this game
lennine ratingfour temple run 2 is abit laggy in my galaxy wonder.
leneight ratingfour can you please fix the lag issues thanks.
lentwentyfour ratingfour for around 4-5 times in a single run, the game suddenly hangs and closes and the loooooong run i put an effort to is gone.
lentwelve ratingfour overall, still an an awesome and addictive game same as the 1st one.
lennine ratingfive great game but it lags on my s2 any solution ?
lennineteen ratingfive really nice version of temple run that has kool enivironmet n stuff  the graphics r really good, too good.
leneleven ratingfive it hurts my eyes to play temple run 2  overall awesome game
lennine ratingfive i doesnt run as smooth as the temple run 1 .
lenseventeen ratingfive if its running roughly for you, check out your phones hardware before you give it negative reviews.
lenten ratingfive i like the challenging and the graphics from the game
leneight ratingfive i can tell this is a good game
lenfourteen ratingthree add sensibility adjustment like in the first one then i'll give it 5 starts.
lenten ratingfive i love when he says missed it by *that* much
lenfive ratingfive awsm game wid awasm graphics.
leneight ratingfive love the new world and the running experience.
lentwentyseven ratingfive would be great if there is an option to fall into the jungle down there and have an option to work your way back up the mountains.
leneight ratingfive easy to play, but hard to be good
lentwelve ratingfour i really like the game but i like the original version better .
lensixteen ratingfour it is really fun and i like the zip line you should definitely get both versions
lensix ratingfive thanks imangi studio for working hard!
lenthree ratingfour need more characters.
lenseventythree ratingfour great graphics.a loads of powerups.but due to a lot been put into graphics it becomes hard sometimes to distinguish between the hurdles and the actual path.imangi should have incorporated at least a colour differentiation between the hurdles and the actual path.the transition from the broader runway to the narrower one is pretty fast and pushes the adrenaline high.overall a good second edition of such a popular app .cheers
lentwelve ratingone always forced closed ! :( and i didnt even get to try the game.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfour best time killer ever.
lenfourteen ratingone i've downloaded this three times and it always force closes before it loads .
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive graphics,sound,creativity.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lentwelve ratingone even i'm using a quad core tablet overclocked it still lag.
lenfour ratingfive g'st game ever !
lensix ratingone but it crashes on my phone.
lenten ratingfive i like everything it much better than the first one
lensix ratingone keep getting something about a "uri?"
lentwentyfive ratingthree love to play on my ipod but when i loaded it onto my android it only opens to the load screen and automatically shuts down.
lenfive ratingthree irritated please fix the bugs!
lenthree ratingfive hard but addicting
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lentwelve ratingfour i've been playing since the day it was out.very addictive.
lenfour ratingfour could be more responsive.
lenfourteen ratingfour could be more sensitive to tilts(my note 2 has to go almost horizontal sometimes).
lenfive ratingfour who cares - its bloody awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive love the cave, new features but still sticking to the old game
lentwentyone ratingthree i would give it 5 stars but the application will close randomly and mostly when i try and use a "save me".
lenseven ratingthree please fix but ill keep playing regardless
lenseventeen ratingfive second games sometimes aren't as good as the first but this one is just as good!
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run
lenfifteen ratingfour i have to say i was stunned by the amazing graphics and other new features.
lennineteen ratingfour it is way better than the first especially with the save me feature which throws away the resurrection wings.
lentwentysix ratingfour there is the problem that i can't see my current achievements in my pause window and that some of the achievements don't make sense.
lenseven ratingfour an example is collect a 100000 lifetime coins.
lenfifteen ratingfour i don't know what those are and the new store is kind of confusing.
lenten ratingfour they should make it a little more first timer friendly.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise an amazing new game.
lenfour ratingfour go ahead and buy.
lenthree ratingfive worth the waiting.
lenthree ratingfive awesome visuals too!
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game
lenfive ratingfive this game is just great.
lenfour ratingfive cool graphics and performance.
leneight ratingfive new powers and ui just adds to it.
lenfifteen ratingtwo vary bad lag makes it unplayable i want to enjoy it but i can't
lenfour ratingfive such an amazing game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive it looks fun
lentwelve ratingfour i love it too,the only thing need it its save progress
lenseven ratingone crashes everytime i try to open it!
lenfive ratingfive its just more than great!
lennineteen ratingone love the game, but the lag is instant death making it impossible to play even on lowest graphic settings.
leneleven ratingfour i like this very much.it much better than first one.
lentwentyone ratingtwo temple run is much bttr dan this in terms of gameplay.but dis game has bttr graphics.temple run was bttr
lensix ratingfour nice game to kill time on
leneleven ratingfive everything is perfect to animation to the graphic everything is awesome.
lenfourteen ratingfour it is better than first but sometimes the road ends and he falls down!
lentwentyfive ratingthree when you die and it says if you want to continue and i have enough gems it crashes and i lose the gem please fix
lenseven ratingfive awesome game.much better than the original.
lennine ratingone it won't load on my phone please fix
leneleven ratingfive hard to play at first, but pretty after gett8ng used to it.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive i also think that better than survival run .
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lentwelve ratingfour i love this game, it fun and has very nice new features.
lennineteen ratingfour but, it flips my screen upside and wont go back, and while its doing this it only goes straight.
lenfour ratingfour and lots of bugs.
lentwelve ratingfour please fix these probelms  guys, the game would be so much better!
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
leneleven ratingfive imazing this game i kile it is verry nice to play.
leneight ratingfour gr8 gamee.very much addictive like d earlier version.
leneleven ratingone after the imangi studio screen just doesn't load any further
lenfive ratingfour love everything.except the falls.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is much better than temple run and temple run brave .
lenfive ratingfive keep it up imangi studios
lensix ratingtwo cant download to may galay tab p1000 :(
lenseven ratingfive runs like a dream on my nexus 7.
lensixteen ratingfive can't believe the amount of five star reviews with people moaning about this or that.
lenfour ratingfive best game on 'play'.
lentwelve ratingthree imangi must do an update to make it look like temple run 1
lenten ratingfive good but i keep getting minus coins after buying nothing.
lennine ratingfive i had 3,500 played one game and was down to 1,700
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and adictive.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lenfourteen ratingthree nice but my coins kept getting lost somehow, i think there is a bug.
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics and stunning environment.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentythree ratingthree major lagging on my droid x and freezing issue.the phone is brand new, also does the same with the first temple run
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome !
lenthree ratingfive really nice game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour dis is d best running game i hav ever played i luv itt.
lentwentythree ratingfour but the problemo is dat its a bit confusin when u see d routes otherwise gud work imangi u made a wonderful game .
lenthree ratingfour still stutters sometimes
lennine ratingone it is not playing on my phone please fix
lentwelve ratingfour a little less responsive when trying to jump or around the corners.
lensix ratingfour takes a little time to respond.
lentwentyseven ratingfive a very good dame an amazing follow up to the first and extremely fun fully reccomend for anyone who wants to kill air with a good game
lenten ratingfour its a very nicw game that every body can enjoy
lenthree ratingfive excellent.super addictive.
leneight ratingfive it is a great game a addictive game
lenfourteen ratingone the shield thing covers up most of my screen and everything is zoomed in.
leneight ratingfour the app is good and been prettt great.
lennineteen ratingfour 4 stars for now because there's still a bug where it doesn't allow down when boost is gone.
lenten ratingone this new release appears to have been a rushed development.
lenfifteen ratingone it plays poorly often lagging at points to load the backdrop of colours and scenery.
lenfourteen ratingone the new gems and abilities are not thought out and currently has several problems.
lensixteen ratingone namely: using gems to upgrade abilities claims to cost 1 gem however acctually costs 2 gems per upgrade.
lentwentyone ratingone secondly if you quit the game and come back later the upgrades have been deleted so you never upgrade at all.
leneleven ratingone maybe if these were fixed id consider giving a better review
lenseven ratingfive make sure to make it more awesome! :)
lensix ratingfive amazing imangisss waiting for temps run 3
leneleven ratingfour good gane beter than 1st one needs a bit of fixing tho
lenfourteen ratingthree sadly they copied a game that copied their first game. .but i like it
lenseven ratingthree good but its missing an exit option.
lentwelve ratingfive its a good game really good fps one of the greatest games.
lenten ratingfive this game is combine the all temple run upgrade games
lenfive ratingfive stunning graphics n very addictive !
lenthree ratingfive vvv good graphics.
lenseven ratingfive and the game itself is pretty addictive.
lenfour ratingfive i personally enjoyed it.
lenthree ratingfive jus love it!
lenseven ratingfive excellent graphics accompanied by mindblowing power ups
lenfive ratingfive i love temple run 1 and 2
lentwentyseven ratingfive game play and missions are good but while using save me app crashes and closes unexpectedly and all the game was lost and gems will be reduced . :(
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive the graphics etc are really gud
leneighteen ratingfive what can i say, the dev transforms one of the best game and make it tons more interesting
lenfour ratingfive the game is flawless.
lenfourteen ratingfive i find no difference in graphics when i play in iphone or in my s2.
lenfive ratingfive expecting updates in the future.
lentwentynine ratingtwo whenever i try to use a gem the game exits n stops n wen i restart the game i luz all my gems, plz fix it, its really annoying!
leneleven ratingfive it's a good game, but i have found a bug.
lennineteen ratingfive when you want to upgrade your powerup you pay 2 gems instead of 1 like it's indicated on the button.
lenthirteen ratingfive and the updrade only lasts for one game session, then it's gone.
lentwo ratingfive tumble run 2
lennine ratingfour hurdles are invisible.otherwise its better than temple run 1
leneighteen ratingfour the game is good but it doesnt feel as smooth when turning corners and leaning to the sides.
lensix ratingfive excellent game better than first part
lensix ratingthree good game but doesntnwork some reason
lensix ratingfive i love this all three games.
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to this game
lenfourteen ratingfour overall a very good, must have game, but sometime it crashes when "save me"
lenthree ratingfour option is selected.
lenfourteen ratingfour it usually happens on the second time, or when more than 1 green diamond required.
lenfive ratingfour please investigate, 5 star if fixed.
lenten ratingfour its a really good game, much better thn the previous.
leneighteen ratingfive great game i have the first one and brave but when the magnet ends i still get coins
lenthirteen ratingfour i was excited when i saw this and i was certainly not disappointed.
lenthirteen ratingfour the game does have some bugs, but for the first released its understandable.
lensix ratingfour the tilt controller need some improvement.
lentwentythree ratingthree its a nce game but senstivity was better in temple run 1 and also some times it crashes overall it is a nce game.:-(.:-)
lenthirteen ratingone anytime and everytime i opened it it always force closes on my gt p1000.
leneight ratingfive suppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppper awesome graphics.more fun than temple run!
leneight ratingone when i open it, it logs then close!
lensix ratingfive right and left sensitivity need improved
lensix ratingone played for 5 mins, uninstalled right away.
leneight ratingone i think agent dash has beaten trs legacy
lenthirtyfour ratingfour 1: power ups won't refresh if you take say two in a row  2: sometimes you can fall off with boost  3: rope slider speed increase bug 4: picking up gems sounds weird, character voices sometimes shattered
lennine ratingfive i m not to collect 5000 coins but game waoo
lenthirtyfour ratingone on my phone everthing clustered i can't see the guy running because the pause button and the multiplier is to big i don't know if its my phone or app please fix
lenthirtyseven ratingthree this is a great game in which i really enjoy playing but i cant upgrade my person i play wih because whenever i collect enough coins to about 2, 556 then my money all disapears and im back to 213!
lensixteen ratingthree this is really annoying and needs fixed for me to be able to play this game!
leneight ratingfour insane improvement in graphics from the previous game.
lenten ratingfour some minor issues like tilt needs to be fixed though.
lenfortynine ratingfive take a game like subway surfer for example, you can connect to facebook on it and see a facebook leaderboard, when one of these are available people will want the game and will play the game more because they will want to be better than all of their friends!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive gr8,enjoy more the n temple run
lenfive ratingfive great graphics, luv this game!
lentwelve ratingfive a lot better than the first one its a lot more exciting
lenseven ratingthree but it lags a lot while playing
leneighteen ratingone i'm with sgs3 and it skips frames from time to time and its very frustrating because you die
lentwentythree ratingfour have to tilt phone a lot to right or left if passing through a narrow stretch, it was easier to do in tr 1.
leneight ratingfour overall much better n interesting than older version
lenseven ratingfive ich spiel es schon die ganzen tag
lensix ratingfour but in overall it is excellent!
lentwo ratingfive brillient game
lenthree ratingfive its amajing game
lenfifteen ratingfour only one feature which is missing is that you cannot change or set the sensitivity.
lenthree ratingfour rest is superb
lentwentythree ratingfive i was waiting for it to come on android since i played it on my bro's iphone now finally'it has come.
leneight ratingfive its a bit' difficult game then temple run.
lenten ratingfive but very good graphics, sound and the big giant demon
lenfive ratingfive bin nasir like this game
leneleven ratingfive the first was low on fps sometimes (rare but it was).
lennine ratingfive this one has better graphics, better controls, better performance.
lentwenty ratingfive since it's new it has some bugs but i'm sure they'll be fixed as soon as possible.
lenfour ratingfive goodgame really good graphics
lentwelve ratingfive before, i had to borrow apple gadgets just to play temple run.
lennine ratingfive good that now it is available for samsung users.
lenfive ratingfive good game, challenging but good!
lentwentyfour ratingfour when ever i reach 2500 coins the number of coins is reset and it shows around 700 coins.plz fix this bug.,.its a 5 star otherwise .
lenfour ratingfive diz a gud game 4real
lenten ratingfour bt lags a little in d beginning in xperia u
lenfive ratingfive far better than its predecessor.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics, gameplay and performance.
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive i play it a lot.
leneight ratingfive good graphics .much better than the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfive been playing this for 3weeks now and its fab:-) loving the new power-ups and obstucles!
lensix ratingfive love it:-p reccommened to download
leneleven ratingone i cant download this awesome game it always saids download error
lennine ratingfive i would expect no better from imangi studios!    :d
lenthirtysix ratingthree this is a great game,i've played it on my mate's iphone,the ui was really smooth,but on my one x+ its too laggy and quite annoying :/ please fix this with an update!
leneight ratingfive i can play it for days and weeks!
lenfifteen ratingone it worked for half an hour and now just opens the home screen and quits.
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenfive ratingfive game yang amat sangat mengasyikan
lenten ratingfour sometimes the app closes when i use save me option.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this a great game which runs smooth on my galaxy s3 but the only bad thing about it is that it needs more characters  :( please add more :d
lenthirteen ratingfive was waiting for this game in android since it had released in ios
lentwentynine ratingfive when i first downloaded it, i hated it, it was just too hard, but i carried on playing it, then i came to like it then to love it.
leneleven ratingfive it really is worth the couple minutes it takes to download.
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run yet!
lenthree ratingfive an awesome game
lenfourteen ratingone i have a galaxy s 1 and everytime i open the game it force closes.
leneight ratingfive i love the new style of this game!
lenfifteen ratingfive there are even new obstacles, powerups and even better graphics, especially the graphics of characters.
leneleven ratingfive i just hate the evil demon monkey, which is very big.
lenthree ratingfive anyways, great job!
lenfifteen ratingfour it's great n fun but surprisingly has no 'exit' option to close the app .
lensix ratingfour wonder how this aspect was missed
leneight ratingfive epic game no lags fast loading awesoum graphics !
lennine ratingfour itx awsm but it cud b bit btr too !
lenthree ratingfour very addictive game
lensixteen ratingone when i open it force closes so if you fix that i'll rate 5 stars . -nina
lentwo ratingfive wonderful update
lenfourteen ratingfive awesumm sequel to the first installment.though not as smooth as the first one.
leneleven ratingfive they managed to eclipse the fun of the first game, brilliant
lensix ratingtwo its hard for me to download.
lensix ratingthree great gameplay and graphics love it
lensix ratingfive i love temple run 2 its amazing:-)
lensix ratingfive simply best game 5 star from me.
lenfour ratingthree we need sensitivity sliders.
lenthree ratingfive a worthy sequel.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are fabulous on my note ii!
lenthree ratingfive cool game play
lensixteen ratingfour i had over 2000 coins, gained 155 during my run then when i lost i lost my 2000+coins.
lensix ratingfour this has happened more than once.
lenfour ratingfour anyone else losing coins?
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive objectives are more tricky.
lenseven ratingfive however, shield power up is non sense.
lentwenty ratingfive im addicted to it its so good im on it all the time way better than the original temple run
leneleven ratingfour need to have at least 1 save option per run.great graphics
lenfour ratingfour good graphics, addictive game.
lentwo ratingfour poor graphic
lensix ratingfive improved graphics are a welcome change .
lenten ratingone the game doesn't even load on my lg thrill.
lennineteen ratingone when i try to run the app, it just stays on the screen that says imangi studios then closes.
lenfifteen ratingfour this is a great game, but it won't start up on the samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingfive goes abit slow after a while though
lennineteen ratingfive not even a hint of lag, great to put in iphone 4 owner's faces, very fun and extremely addictive.
lenfour ratingfive well worth the wait!
lensixteen ratingfour good stuff but getting lag which is frustrating and tilt sensitivity could be a little better
lensix ratingfour makes the first one look boring
lennine ratingfive its a awesome game to have on your gadgets
lenthirteen ratingfour when i played it, it was really fun.it was definitely an upgrade.
lenfour ratingfive youh must download it.
lenten ratingfive i juz love it, play ds game all d tym
lenseven ratingfour faster and smoother than the first one.
leneight ratingfour and yeah, check points would be great too.
lentwo ratingfive loved game
leneleven ratingone this is the most ugliest game ever the grapics are high
lensix ratingfive very addictive and fun to play
lentwo ratingfive bloody brrrrilant
lenthree ratingfive best game eva!
lensix ratingfive people, u better be downloading it
leneight ratingfour some tilt sensitivity issues on s2 please fix them
lenten ratingfive i loved temple run now temple run 2 made me happier
lenfour ratingfive give it five stars.
lenfive ratingfive i enjoyd iy a lot.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lentwentyfour ratingfour its a very great game and better than the 1st but for some reason i keep losing money and im not buying anything plz fix
leneleven ratingfive such a great game again with great changes im loving it . . :)
lensix ratingfour better than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfour please fix the stutter lag.
lenthree ratingfour drops frames sometimes.
lenseven ratingfour please optimize this game for snapdragon processors.
lenseven ratingfive great game just like the first one.
leneleven ratingfive love both the games but this one slightly beats the first!
lensix ratingfour it's a lot more fun.
lentwelve ratingfour only complaint i have is when u try to turn he stumbles.
lennine ratingfour on the old game u could adjust the sensitivity.
lenfive ratingone crashes after the main screen :-(
lennine ratingthree but please make the magnets increase coin values again!
lenthirtyone ratingone poor can't get to main menu and rocks and other stuff are put up so you can't see what you are doing all round bad app needs some improving
lenfive ratingfive superb game i love it
lentwelve ratingfive i been waiting for so long and it was really worth it
lensix ratingtwo improve the graphics, improve the obstacles
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is really good and smoother than temple run 1.but tilt sensitivity could have been improved
lensix ratingfive its amazing i love temple run
lenfour ratingfive ooh its too gudi
lenfive ratingthree good can make better games
lenfive ratingfour the game itself is great!
lensix ratingfour but sometimes the game force closes. :(
lenfour ratingfive magniversent beeter then normle.
lenseven ratingfour super i was waiting for temple run 2
lentwenty ratingone hello could someone help i've downloaded it nd it starts loading then goes off back to my home screen
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!^_^
lenten ratingfive wow i love it.its  better than the first one
lenfive ratingfour tilt sensitivity must be improved
lenfive ratingthree it is an excellent game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i loved the first one anyway but this one is even better download now!
lentwelve ratingfive awsome stuff aadded kn but the power ups need tpo last longer
lenfourteen ratingfour the game has definitely been improved but the tilt sensitivity needs a major overhaul.
leneight ratingfour very frustrating and feels sluggish and non responsive.
lenfourteen ratingthree i like it.but why in my second day i cant open the app?
lenten ratingthree pls fix it.and i will change my 3 * to 5 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfive get this game it is amazing so thats why i gave it a 5 star rating.
lentwo ratingfive awesome flawless
lenfifteen ratingfive nice and cool game i like this game because this game is super game bro.
lentwo ratingfive yar ho.
lenfour ratingfive best phone game ever
lenfive ratingfour great graphics and great gameplay .
lenfour ratingfour amazing powerups and characters
lentwenty ratingfive so hard but if u keep training a lot u may get a higher score but u must download it
lennineteen ratingone waited ages to get app and then, once it has downloaded, i can't get past the first screen!
lenfourteen ratingfive way better than the first temple run, i am very pleased with this game
leneighteen ratingthree good game but for some reason, even though im not buying anything.i keep on losing money.frustrating
leneight ratingfive i love it it is a good game
lenseven ratingfive adriaan must download for running game lovers :-)
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lenten ratingfive the only game left on my device, but worth keeping!
lenthree ratingfive great new version
lenfive ratingfive it is awsome and easy!
leneleven ratingfour love the game but sometimes touch sensitivity is not at best.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic graphics.
lenfive ratingfive definitely better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive keep up the good imangi studios.
lenfive ratingfour does not run smoothly anymore.
lenseven ratingfour its really rough and cant play properly.
lenfour ratingfour i always lose quickly.
lenten ratingfive best one but still i need a sensor control settings.
lensix ratingfive and lags many times while playing.
lensix ratingfive looks better than older temple run
lenseven ratingfive much better than the original great game! :-)
lensix ratingfive this is the coolest game ever
lenfour ratingtwo i love this game.
lenfive ratingtwo awsm graphics nd addicted game.
lenfifteen ratingtwo bt the ony thing it lacks is the connection with frnds i.e facebook connect.
lentwelve ratingtwo n while pausing the game v are unable to see the missions .
lenfour ratingfour better graphic and gameplay.
lenfifteen ratingfour sadly, the score won't appear in twitter though i've clicked the tweet button.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics, download download download! :)
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
lenten ratingfour needs some leader board to make the game more interesting.
lenthirteen ratingfour and i am not able to take screen shots while playing this game
lenthree ratingfive download this game.:)
lensix ratingthree force closes when i click on ''
leneight ratingthree and my eyes are very strained on graphics.
lenfive ratingthree straight roads would be better.
lenseven ratingfive better game and to make more enjoyable.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lentwo ratingthree cool,nice
lenfour ratingfive the 3d graphics r amazing
lennine ratingfive this game is brilliant, much better then the last :)
lenten ratingone i always force closes on my galaxy s plz fix
lenfour ratingfive update till you die
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lenseven ratingone its not installing in my xperia arc
lenten ratingfive excellent graphics.one of the best games i have played.
lenfive ratingfive this game is awesome blowsmm.?
lensix ratingfive to play it ol da tym.
lenten ratingfive it iz super duper s b upr game to ply.
leneight ratingfive great game no laggs no problem on galaxy s3.
lentwo ratingfive runs smooth. .
lenthree ratingfive fascinated!., love it :-)
lenseven ratingfive a perfect sequel to a legendary game
lenfive ratingone the games don't run
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lenseven ratingfour i like it better than the 1st one.
lenfive ratingfour very smooth and no lag.
lenfifteen ratingfour only problem that i encounter is sometimes when i pickup a speedboost it doesnt end.
lenfifteen ratingfour it keeps running very fast though the auto turning is gone so i keep falling.
lentwentyeight ratingfour it's an awesome and addictive game, but the tilting sensitivity is too slow, making it almost impossible to collect coins if you're on the opposite site.
lenfourteen ratingfour i think you should add a sensitivity setting, like the first temple run game.
lenthree ratingfive good move team
lenseventyeight ratingfour i think the graphics are really cool and the new mine thing is ssoooo awesome its got great new places and rope swinging but i think that the people cud have been changed and that the and at least have some of the other pwople in the first one like the idiana guy i think he's kinda cool.so i rate this with four stars out of 5 oh and watch the cinnanmon challenge on youtube tots lol
lenfourteen ratingone i'm using lg android and i can't seem to open the app.
lentwelve ratingone it just lags at the first page and closes the app automatically!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive it doesn't work on my htc desire:(
lenfive ratingfive excellent game and excellent graphics.
leneight ratingfive must play this game for temple run lovers.
lentwo ratingfive awsome experiance
lensix ratingfive excellent game with two temple run
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentysix ratingthree its too close up and also its difficult on t2 to see when the turns are coming it would be better if this was made more obvious
lenfour ratingfour very impressive.good graphics.
lenfive ratingfour very hard to guess turns.
lenfive ratingfive is fun and also confusingly
lensixteen ratingfive it is really addictive game much better than other temple run versions keep in going imangi;):)
lenfive ratingtwo the game glitch and slow
lenthree ratingfive classy game eva
lenfive ratingfive it's a awsome game.
lentwo ratingfive suuuuuuppeer fin
lenfour ratingfive difficult but exciting game.
lenthree ratingfive worth to play
lenthree ratingfive ky ky  hoowa.
lennine ratingfive it is much more interesting compare with temple run 1
lenfortyeight ratingthree the gem system is broke, for example if i collect 3 gems, i use 1 and then die again and i try to use a gem, the game says i have to buy more gems, it also says i have two gems when i die when i actually have none.
lenfive ratingfive really game for real men.
lensix ratingfive good and best game of android.
lennine ratingfive its jst an awsme gme i hv evr played.
lenten ratingfive damn addictive.way better dan da first one.great job
lenfour ratingfive temple is monkey crazy
lenfive ratingthree still with a little bugs.
lenthirteen ratingthree game crashes every 2nd time i revive , fix it and it will be 5 stars.
lenfive ratingthree m running on galaxy tab 2 10.1
lensix ratingthree need some improvement at tilt sensivity
lenten ratingfour guyzz try it out.its fun playin it.its amazinggg!
lenthree ratingfour jst luv it
lentwelve ratingtwo i cant get past the first logo screen.no way.help pls!
lensix ratingfive i play it all the day
lenten ratingfive have not tried it yet but i hear it fun
lensix ratingfive li'l problem in tilting though.
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome game no. 1 i feel really gud after playing dis game i luv it.!
lentwo ratingfive class game
lentwelve ratingfive i have no words about this game as it is just amazing.
leneleven ratingfive i have a suggestion - connection with facebook and compete with friends.
lenfourteen ratingfive if you do this.in my sight it would be the bes t game. :)
lenten ratingfive no lagg got high score upto 1 crore in few days
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are amazing, just like the first one, but with more twists.
lensix ratingfour nyc game i jst luv it :-*<3
lenfive ratingfive running is just getting better.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lensix ratingfour loved temple run for its simplicity.
lenthirteen ratingfour like this game a lot but it doesn't have the same feel.
lenthree ratingfour no sensitivity settings.
lentwelve ratingone it won't get beyond the splash screen and then it crashes.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game n its graphics r mind blowing enjoying playing this game
lenseventeen ratingfive this is definitely better than temple run 1.this has new things like mine carts and zip lines!:-)
lenfifteen ratingfive osum graphics jst love it  best ever game on android jst made me say amazing  .
lenfour ratingfive very challenging and addictive!(*??*)
leneleven ratingfive its better than temple run 1 graphics are very nice and absorbing.
lennine ratingfive very gud game thnks creater.who is made this.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive unmatched graphics.
lensix ratingfive all in all a great game
lenthirteen ratingthree in old temple run there was straight way , so we can easily play .
lentwentyone ratingthree but in this game there is spiral ~~~~~~~~~~ way so can't see way easiy and difficult to concentrate with relaxed eyes
lenfour ratingfive tek kelimeyle mukemmel kacirmayin
lenthree ratingfive templerun 2: run again?
leneleven ratingfive because it's very nice game & i like it so much.
lennine ratingone i bought gems, but they haven't shown up.
lentwenty ratingfour great but should not start from d beginning every tym u loose.it should b based on unlocking new stages.
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome game.a must have,really good work done to create this amazing and absolutely entertaining game. <3
lenseven ratingfive cannhelp a person speed your personal strategy
lenten ratingthree objectives are repeated and show up twice on the screen.
lenthirteen ratingthree once you achieve the objective, one entry gets checked but not the other.
lenthirteen ratingthree when in the boost mode, turn right and left behave opposite than desired.
lenthirteen ratingthree even if objectives are already achieved, it expects us to achieve it again.
leneight ratingthree same spots gets repeated many times while running.
lensixteen ratingthree landscape is very limited and at times gets boring when same spots keep on repeating throughout.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentynine ratingone i can not acces the game.it wont even load up, everytime i try and open it, it force closes.please fix would love to play the upgraded version!
leneight ratingfive its good to play when you are bored.
lensix ratingfive great upgrade from the previous game
lensix ratingfive superb sequel of already superb game.!
lennine ratingfive latest update fixed the bug of quitting the game.!
lenthirteen ratingfive only problem i feel is its not as sensitive as the previous one.!
lenten ratingfive you have to tilt your phone greatly to avoid fall.!
lentwelve ratingfive include sensitivity option in settings and this game will become immortal cheers!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game as ever!
lenfive ratingfive best game on the world
lenthree ratingone worst game ever!
lenseven ratingone temple run 1 is better than this app!
lentwelve ratingfive it is wonderful in every thing but this is no sensibility controller.
lentwelve ratingfive hope to be in the next update for it .but still amazing.
lenfive ratingfive the fav game ever played
leneight ratingfive simply superb.keep up d wrk guys.cheers.:-)
lenfive ratingfive graphics are awsomeeeeeeee work greattttt
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is the best no problem's at all way better than temple run.
lenthree ratingfive love dis game!
lenthree ratingfive cool awesome epic
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwentyone ratingfive gud to play in xperia s. u 'll b addicted if u start to play realy nice compared to temple run
lensixtynine ratingthree this game has improved graphics and more life like animations, also i really liked the new minecart and zipline, however the upgrade system was very confusing, the tilt sensitivity is horrible, there wasnt as many characters as the original game, the monkey is too big, whenever i trip and he is behind me i can no longer see my character and therefore i usually die when he gets close
leneleven ratingfive nice additions and improved graphics.that makes it even more addictive!
lensix ratingfive it is a very addicting game!
lensix ratingfive now it's my favorite game!
lenfour ratingfive game is so cool
lennine ratingfive it's better than 1 ,i am really loving it.
lenfive ratingfive better graphics and more thrill.
leneight ratingthree can the thing go a little bit faster?
lentwo ratingfive cooool game
lenfour ratingfive nice game but confusing.
lentwelve ratingthree it gets kinda laggy.too much things makes it confusing.otherwise good!
leneight ratingfive its fun to play such an addictive game.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive samsung galaxy s3.
lentwentytwo ratingfive much better than the first one, i like the minecart addition, it would be nice to have something else like the minecarts
lennine ratingthree it's good but temple run is much better
leneleven ratingfour this game is great but tilting doesn't work too well.
lenthree ratingfive ahole lot better
leneleven ratingone cant play cause to close to char. :((( pls update it now :(((
lenfour ratingfive im the temple runner
lentwo ratingfive heavy trip.
lensixteen ratingtwo the best game for mobile phones ever but there is a bug : somethimes the "run again"
lentwentythree ratingtwo button doesn't show on the screen and when you press play within a character, the meter counter doesn't appear at all.
lenfour ratingtwo you run in vain.
leneight ratingfive what a game nice than the first one.
lentwentynine ratingone no, does nt work on my karbonn a9+  after downloading it appears that the package file is invalid  so plz resolve dis problem so that i cn gve u 5 stars
lenseven ratingfour i had lots of fun playing this.
leneight ratingfour it is even better than the previous game.
lenten ratingfour just please add more characters and i will give 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive best game of android
lenthree ratingfive superbb edictive game
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lenseven ratingfive such an amazing game.a must have!
lenfive ratingfive very nice and addicting game.
lenfour ratingfive hard to adjust though
lensix ratingfour tilt controls need to be improved
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
leneight ratingone temple run is not loading up.anyone else?
lenfive ratingfive best free game in playstore
lenthirteen ratingfive it is excellent game played by all other frndzzzz so pls download it
lennine ratingtwo i would play if it let me but couldnt.
lenfive ratingtwo force to close straight away!
leneight ratingfive the game crashes when i use "save me"
lentwentyone ratingone i bought some coins in the app and it didnt even give them to me so i spend 5 dollars for nothing.
lentwelve ratingone i am dissapointed for that reason but other than that its good.
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive graphics are beautiful, love the mine train, i don't have one complaint about it.
lennine ratingone my phone screen size is not enough for this!
lentwenty ratingfour nice but there is problem in moving the character left right. .this is not my phone problem i checked it
lenthree ratingfour xcllnt job guyz.
lenfive ratingfive ang ganda ng larong to!
lensix ratingfive di na download ko pa lang!
lenthree ratingfive mukhang exciting na. :-!
lentwentyone ratingfour great game, can't stop playing it, but sometimes it can be unresponsive and slow, but very rarely does this happen
lenfour ratingone i use galaxy chat.
lenfive ratingone and there screen size problem.
leneleven ratingone its big i see onle running man and not roads properly.
lentwelve ratingone and what i do now i m egar to play this game.
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
leneighteen ratingfive my coins not increasing from 3k.whenever it hit 3k.it jumps back to around 600.dunt know wheres the error.
leneighteen ratingfive otherwise this game is very good and addicting.i just love to play it.kindly resolve the issue.
lenfour ratingfive pure of awesomeness :d
lennineteen ratingone got the game for my galaxy2 n all it does it shut down at the openin page.fix the bugs
lenseventeen ratingfive i like it overall and it allows you to play upside down which is a wired feature .
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool!
lenthree ratingfour fantastic game man.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the original temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive very impressive graphics with better performance  the very best temple run ever!
lennineteen ratingone it gets stuck after 1run and then if player gets out it sticks and i have to restart the game .
lentwentyeight ratingfour a good game overall.nice graphics.but is it just me or the tilt feature is a lil to hard in this game.needs to be more sensative.
lenthirteen ratingfour its 5 star game but giving it 4 coz game has been stuck on level 8.
lenfifteen ratingfour there are 2 same mission of 5 lac coins in which bar is not moving on one.
lennine ratingfour fix this bug n i,ll rate it 5 stars
leneleven ratingfour love the game but tilt sensitivity needs to be improved please!
lensix ratingfour hard to tilt to get coins
lenfive ratingfive 2 times better than the first
lenten ratingone i don't like it, i prefer the first one
lensixteen ratingfive this game is addicting it us one of the best games in this whole entire market
lennine ratingfive this is the game that i had waiting for
lenfive ratingfive love it hours of fun
lenthirteen ratingfive its amazing what you guys did to improve it from the last one!
lentwelve ratingfive can't wait for more updates and keep up the great work!
leneleven ratingfive this game is alot of fun and great for competitive people
lentwelve ratingthree i looked up to the settings but i can't do anything .
leneleven ratingthree until i see this fixed i'll give the five stars.
lenten ratingthree but other than that is better than temple run i . (:
leneight ratingfive the best mobile game i have ever played.
lensix ratingfive cool game but not that cool
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfour temple runniage
lenseven ratingfive so addicted, can't stop playing it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
leneight ratingfive it is the best game to kill time.
lenfour ratingfive its a awesome game
lensix ratingfive i hope this gets new content.
lenfour ratingfive great game love it!
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't load past the imangi studios screen and then force closes about 30 seconds later.
lenseven ratingfive in simple words excellent game to play .
lensix ratingfive i play.its wonder full game
lentwentyfive ratingtwo always loved this game but it keeps closing on me i had to uninstall and reinstall please fixe but.it us still a great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive fun i hated thr first
lenseven ratingfour my stomach hurts .from playing so much
lenfour ratingfive best phone app ever
lentwentyfive ratingfive i would love it if the whole game would go a little smoother, and that the mine carts and zip lines would be more frequent.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive a lot better than the first.
lentwentyone ratingfour i love the game and all the stuff they added, temple run 2 compared to temple run, this one is way better!
lenfive ratingfive espero que agan otra parte
lentwentyeight ratingone why can't i install this with my xperia neo v? i want it so bad but it keeps on saying can't be installed on your usb.
lenfive ratingone sometimes it says 'invalid file'
lenfour ratingfour that game is awsome!
lentwo ratingfour more addicting!
lenten ratingfive this game is very excellent and good game for samaung s2
lenten ratingfive this is so addicting, more than the first one was.    ;-)
lentwentyeight ratingtwo it doesn't work on my phone that much every time i opened it shows a picture of the home screen please fix then i will give 5 stars
lenseventeen ratingfour 100% better than temple run 1, but please fix tough tilting to left and right like it is in tr1.
leneight ratingfour now it seems like it is "not responding"
lenten ratingfour to tilting and it is hard to avoid the obstacles.
lenthree ratingfour ps: awesome graphic!
lenfive ratingfour graphics and everything is better.
lenthirteen ratingfour i just hate the fact of having to repeat some of the objectives
leneighteen ratingfive i was never really into part 1 but i gave this a try and it totally blew me away!
lennine ratingfive enough comment, gotta run again - just one more time!
lentwenty ratingfive when you slide, sometimes if you try to jump or turn after you slide it will make you slide again.
leneleven ratingfive please fix that other then that this app is like heaven. :)
lentwelve ratingone please do a update  becuase instead of swiping in jumps quite annoying
lenthirteen ratingfive e indiscut┴vel que esse └ o melhor jogo para passar o tempo e se divertir !
leneight ratingfive nice, amo temple run, e o 2 ent?o .
lenseven ratingfour .it seems leaning is not sensitive enough.
leneight ratingthree yeah i m addicted to this game.awsm.:-*
lentwo ratingfive more adventure.
lenthree ratingfive love dis game
lentwelve ratingfour one thing i noticed is that the sensitivity control has been removed .
lenseven ratingfour and the game play isnt smooth enough .
leneight ratingfour kindly solve these issues in the next update .
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenten ratingfive i never liked temple run but temple run 2 is awesome!
leneighteen ratingfive i love temple run1 but temple run 2 its eell hood i play on temple run with my friend sophie
lenten ratingthree its kinda buggy and has a lag on my phone!
lenfive ratingthree especially turning corners.(razr maxx)
lenthree ratingfive great time eater
lensix ratingone please fix it  motorola defy old
lenfive ratingfive very nice play this game
leneight ratingfour but not as good as like temple run 1.!
lentwentyseven ratingfive this game is a big improvement over the 1st game, but still keeps the same "i going to keep playing this game till i beat my high score"
lenfourteen ratingfour when i get a power ups when i still have the same power ups.
lenfive ratingfour the cooldown is not refreshed.
leneleven ratingfour and when using power up that runs u a few meter.
lenfifteen ratingfour when the time limit for it is about to be done(still on invincible mode).
lennine ratingfour u'll die for falling or for being bump.
lentwentythree ratingtwo this game should seriously have a variable sensitivity like the old one so that one may play with the sensitivity that suites him.
lentwentythree ratingfour sensitivity is horrible i've died multiple times because of it fix and game will be fine, besides this its a fun game
lenfour ratingfive best game on android.
lensix ratingfive nd it even has quality options.
lenten ratingfive so u cn easily run it on some low res.
lentwo ratingfive coolest graphics. :)
lentwelve ratingfour i was playing and i was up to 2.5 million and i died.
lentwelve ratingfour so i pressed the revive gem button and the game shut down.
lensix ratingfour this happened to me 4 times already.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i ws havng my longst run in d game wen suddnly d game forced close.
lensix ratingtwo bcoz dis game truely deserves 5-stars!
lenfifteen ratingfour it s fun but i keep losing coins somehow and it's driving me nuts!
lennineteen ratingfive dont u think if you can give the gem count while the game progresses, would make it more awesome?
lenfifteen ratingfive not that its not good now, still we can better plan while the game progresses.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 rocks just as its predecessor.
lenten ratingfive this game is the most addictive game in the world!
lenfifteen ratingfive over all a gr8 game bt it's turning sensitivity need to be fixed soon plzz
lenthree ratingfive awesome yet hard!
lenseven ratingfive i love the new effects on it
lensix ratingfive love the new landscapes and features!
lenfour ratingthree runs smoother on iphone
lenseven ratingfive best plz continue doing this awesome job
lenfour ratingfive very fun to play
lensixteen ratingfive this game has no probs, and is a great time waster, carma lee all the way!
lenseven ratingfive i jst luv to play temple run.
lensix ratingfive best game ever luv the carts
lenfour ratingfive better that the original.
lenseven ratingfive its got better graphics and more abilities.
lenfive ratingfive need more tilt sensitivity please.
lenfifteen ratingfive i tend to keep falling when i try to cross small lanes at the corner
lenfive ratingfive what a dumb ass game
lenfive ratingfive but not like temple run 2
lenfifteen ratingfour but their is constant lagging that keeps making me mess up and its really annoying
lentwelve ratingone it gets stuck on loading page doesnt let me play please fix!
leneight ratingfive good response unlike old one and works better
lenthirteen ratingtwo i cant load the game past the introduction screen .whats up with that
leneleven ratingfive much harder than the original but that makes it more addictive!
lenseven ratingfive in love and cant stop playing it :)
lennineteen ratingone does not work on lg l3 running custom ics too big on the screen side bar fills screen please fix :(
lenseven ratingfive ang lupet ng temple run nakakaadik 5 stars : )))
lentwelve ratingfive this game is the best i hope they make a third one!
lennine ratingfour hang problem in samsung galaxy s plus.please upgrade.
lenthree ratingone very bad game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesomeness
lensixtyfive ratingthree the game is awesome however after having played temple run 1 the expectation to the sequel for me atleast was much more.temple run 2 is not that smooth, the temple run 1 was more faster than the sequel, also found that the graphics are too much the screeen looks more cluttered with graphics.having said this is good too.pls add a exit button in next update.
lenfive ratingfive this game is absoloutly amazing!
lenseven ratingthree it could be more better ithink so
lentwo ratingfive timepass game.
lenfour ratingfive nice features and challenges.
leneighteen ratingone when i use a gem to ressuruct  it exits out and dosent save any progress from that dun.
leneight ratingone fun game just needs to fix that please!
lentwentytwo ratingfour the save me feature takes me back to my home screen, but only when i'm in the tunnel on the cart.
lentwo ratingfour razr maxx.
lenthirtynine ratingone the challenges both say 1 million lifetime meters and won let me complete anything else, fix it and take the stupid log and water right after each other away and make the magnet fully upgraded 3x coins like original temple run.
lentwenty ratingone why are there leader boards for apple but not android, why do they get everything first and have more features
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is great but the turning is off my objectives are restarting and my gems are being used without my permission.
leneleven ratingfour i'm glad they made different board & ppl to play with
lentwo ratingone force closes
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run.
lensix ratingfive you have to control yourself sometimes.
lenten ratingfive really good game more power ups and obsticals really fun
lentwentyeight ratingone i downloaded the game and installed it but when i go to open the app it stays on the loading screen then force closes and doesn't load.
leneight ratingone fix this and i'll give five star
leneight ratingfive new levels really awesome great game thank u.
leneight ratingfive so much better on droids than on iphones.
lentwentyone ratingone it wont let me play just go to the main then it clicks off back too my  main screen please update
lenthree ratingfive good game afterall
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this new temple run but its hard to me.i love challenges though
leneighteen ratingfour this game is amazing, but every time i go to settings and when i back out it freezes.
leneleven ratingfour it freezes where i died at and this happens every time
lenten ratingfive this game is brillant, 0 problems with it and so adictive
lenseven ratingfive sometimes are really good really awesome game
lenfour ratingfour easier to navigate than b4.
lenthree ratingfour interestingly mind boggling.
leneight ratingfive it is the best game and great graphics
lentwo ratingfour great game.
leneight ratingfour has a tendency to skip mid-game though.
lensix ratingfive the graphics are so much better
lenfive ratingthree game has lost its simplicity.
leneleven ratingthree fun but soo laggy which ruins the game completely please fix
leneleven ratingfive a very nice upgrade to the original keeping the same playability.
lentwelve ratingfive as someone has already pointed out, power up upgrades cost 2gems instead of 1.
lennineteen ratingfive i also get the feeling that you need to tilt your device a bit too much to change lanes.
leneight ratingfive amazing game, smooth game play and so addictive.
lenthree ratingfive great job creators
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 has more options and obstacles than v1, therefore a bit more difficult to win.
lenthirteen ratingfive but its very fast and you can waste lots of time playing it.
leneight ratingthree there needs to be a tilt sensitivity option.
lensix ratingthree will be a 5 star game then.
lensix ratingfive this game is perfect no flaws
lensixteen ratingfour temple run 2 is a great game but once i gather around 2500 coins, they all get reset !
lenthree ratingfive much better graphics.
lensix ratingfive more fun than the previous version.!
lenfour ratingfive always running.owsme game
lenthirteen ratingone i dont know while i am starting it unfortunaley the game is quiting
lennine ratingfive schwinn dunno tsk task i kgb kgb i              bbbnnnn
lenfour ratingthree tilt should be improvd
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics than the original
lenfour ratingfive really a fun game.
lenseven ratingfive love it more than the first one.
leneight ratingfive awesome game, smooth as butter on my nexus 7
lenten ratingfive anyone who loves temple run, this will exceed your expectations
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lennineteen ratingfive it takes what was good about the first game to the next level great game and it's free!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive huge upgrade from the first.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is really fun with much more cool stuff than the first one.
lenten ratingfour i like that you can use gems to "save me"
leneighteen ratingfour the only problem is, the powerups and unlockables screens are way more complicated than the original temple run.
lenseven ratingfour the tilt is a bit slow though :-(
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome
leneleven ratingone i have a pretty old samsung, and apparently tr2 isn't compatible
lentwo ratingfive hdhdhdhd     bob
lenfour ratingfive to gd highly addicted
lenseven ratingone i cant play it on my gt p1000
lentwelve ratingfour played this game on ipad liked it now playing on my nexus 7
lensix ratingfour good but freesez up a lot
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive people don't forget to put high quality on!
lenfour ratingfive another masterpiece from imangi.
lenthree ratingfive love the effects.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenfour ratingfive best time killer ever.
lenfive ratingfour it lags like every 4 seconds.
lentwo ratingfive syeda alya
leneleven ratingfive this game has alot of better stuff than the first one
lentwelve ratingfive i love it you have to take the, tablet away from me
lentwentyfive ratingfour sometimes when i try to play it just stay on the imangi screen and force closing idk why and it seems to lag a bit
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenfour ratingfour hats offffffff imangi developers.
lentwelve ratingfour and spending my total freee time on this and njoying a lot.
lentwelve ratingfour one issue with this game is "closing/crashing in between while playing"
leneight ratingfour and that statistics are not recording as well.
lensixteen ratingfour it would be a superb hit like tr-1 if the developers close this issue in tr-2.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise rating is "5"
lenfourteen ratingone it stays on the imangi studios picture for a few seconds then force closes.
lensixteen ratingone sometimes when i die and try to save myself it crashes and i loose my score.
lenseven ratingone fix it and i will rate better.
lensix ratingfive fun, more challanges and great graphic.
lentwentyone ratingfive being addicted to temple run game when temple run 1 was released, it's juz so great temple 2 was now released too.
lenfive ratingfive longing were totally paid off!
lentwentyfive ratingfour when i get a high score then use a gem to get back up the game freezes then gets out of the game plz fix
leneighteen ratingthree it's a great improvement form the last one, the gameplay is great, the scenery is really good.
lentwentyone ratingthree but i've been having a deal-breaker problem: every now and then the game freezes on the "save me/skip"
leneight ratingthree screen when i press on the "save me"
lentwentysix ratingthree this means i played to a high score and many coins for at least 5 times without getting anything (because the game stops and quits after freezing).
lennineteen ratingthree that's rather disappointing, because whenever i'm doing good in the game it freezes and loses my progress.
lentwelve ratingfour this game is way better then any other game i've played.
lenfourteen ratingfour the only bad thang is sometimes is slows down and i end up dieing.
lenseven ratingfour other wise this game would have 5 stars
lenten ratingthree crashes most of the time when save me is used
lenfive ratingfive awsome game and great grapicks
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenthree ratingfive love tha graphics!
lenthree ratingfive love tha game!
lensix ratingfour need a sensitivity bar as well.
lenfifteen ratingfour update and give us a sensitivity bar like tr 1 and we'll give you 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive boss game!
lenfive ratingfive i really love dis game.
lenthirteen ratingfive excellent grapgics new surroundings love everything about dis game u should try dis.
lentwo ratingfive disaster.wooooooooooooo!
lennineteen ratingfour but a bit laggy and tilt sensitivity is poor .hope next update fix the problems and u get 5 stars :)
lenten ratingfive brilliant but u should add more characters that are free
lenthree ratingfive so nice app
lenfive ratingone not  supporting in my lg optimus3d 920
leneleven ratingfive this game runs smooth on my nexus 7 and is very addicting.
lenthree ratingfive i definitely recommend!
lensix ratingthree the game is very good looking.
lensix ratingthree unfortunately the gameplay is too simple.
lenfourteen ratingthree there is no feeling of progress making you want to play more than 10 minutes.
lenfifteen ratingthree there are plenty of things to unlock but they require waaaaay to much playing time.
lenfifteen ratingthree it is clear that the developer instead wants you to unlock these using your wallet.
lentwenty ratingthree but this does not make the game any more fun.so i fail to see why anyone would do so.
lenten ratingfive played on my ipad and its awesome and way kool
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenseventeen ratingone it will give u a hard time and its dont give me my coin that i collect.
lentwelve ratingone and after a week it hard to move from side to side .´´´´  -_-
lentwentysix ratingfour the game is wonderful and very addicting but the tilt sensitivity needs to be improved and the game doesn't always register ur swipes right either.
lenseventeen ratingfour the game is wonderful but it definitely still has a few bugs that need to be fixed.
leneleven ratingthree it's ok but i won't play out a lot
lenfive ratingfive new gameplay makes it better.
lenfortynine ratingfive when you pickup a same powerup(like when you have magnet and another appears) it does not work(it did in temple run one) 2.when your boost finishes while on a zipline, you still run in the boost speed and get out(this does not happen all the time) 3.
lentwentysix ratingfive when you try to jump while on an inclined surface your character does not jump, he simply does the action of jumping plz fix these bugs!
lenseven ratingfive all the new grafics are absolutely terific
lennine ratingfive so fun and addictive better than the first one
lensix ratingfive must have for every android user
leneight ratingfive its so cool better than the other one
leneight ratingone the game dont wanna open for my phone
lenfour ratingfive exactly like temple run
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneight ratingone it wont even load and its very glitchy
leneighteen ratingfive im using a samsung galaxy s fascinate4g and it doesnt work it just crashes before i can play it
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive addictive nd fun game to play at leisure time
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i really like the game and i would rate it five stars but when i tap onto the game, it exits out of it.
lentwelve ratingfive it is a incredible game and has irresistible graphics and is addictive
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are so cool and the levels are fun!
lenseven ratingfour great sequel to a very fun game.
lentwentyone ratingfour you will find lag in just about every game though, that is the only reason it is not 5 stars from me.
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the new look, however the response time is not as quick as the first one.
lenten ratingfour hopefully they will have an update to sort that out.
lenfourteen ratingfour its a good game bt there r sum bugs.hope it may b solvd :)
lenfive ratingfive very good game i enjoyed
lenseven ratingfive game was so amazing. , mama meratti viduda
lensix ratingone i am currently using lg optimus l3.
lenthirtyone ratingone i can play the game, but the problem is that it has many bugs (like the menu bar and the whole game screen is too large for my phone's screen).
lentwenty ratingone i can jump/run/duck thru the game, but the side bar settings of the game blocks the whole screen!
lenten ratingone fix it :( willing to give 5 stars after u fix it :(
lensix ratingfour it's a neat temple run!
lenthirteen ratingfour one bug i found so far was that the objectives tend to repeat.
leneleven ratingfour i got two at the same time "to score lifetime 1,000, 000 points.
leneleven ratingfour "ok, i thought, i can hit two birds with one stone.
lenthirtyone ratingfour but, as i progressed, i noticed that one was updated while the other wasn't. i even got the points and one of them got complete, whereas the other did not :/.
lenfifteen ratingfour please have it resolved, so i can get my objectives completed at a faster pace.
lenfive ratingfour then i'll give 5 stars.
lensix ratingfour thanks again for this wonderful game.
lennineteen ratingfour tilting should be improved and sensitivity also so it would be easier to manage on half path nd all
lentwo ratingone app crashes.
leneleven ratingone on start, just imangi studio appears & then the app closes down.
lenseven ratingfive game runs flawlessly in high graphics mode.
lenseven ratingfive i deleted the first along time ago.
lenthirteen ratingfive now i gave this a try and it's staying on my phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive i've always loved temple run, so why not give the second one a download?
lennine ratingthree better than the last, but there are some bugs.
lensixteen ratingthree for instance, whenever i get about 3,000 coins, it automatically spends it on the head start thing.
leneight ratingfive really great game this one option us missing
lenthree ratingfive nice graphic game
lenfour ratingfive temple run is awesome
lenfive ratingfive amazing it made me flanergasted
leneighteen ratingfive really good game.improvement in graphics and new various stage . .is goood.so i m giving five star.
lennine ratingfive this is the best temple run it's amazing
leneight ratingfive this is better than any othr running games
lentwentysix ratingfour it's a good game, but the main problem is that the frame gets stuck for a second and continues resulting in me losing the game
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingfour fun but dizzy
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting!
lentwentyone ratingfive the improvements are not extensive but it makes the game just as fun, if not more than the first temple run.
lenseven ratingfive very addictive try it and love it
lentwelve ratingfour good game but lags make it hard to do maneuvers, please help.
lenten ratingfive im soo happy that a new temple run came out !
lenthirty ratingfive this gamez is a wonderful sequel to a wonderful game :))  the only complaint is i wish there were a couple more runner charecters :))  other than tht i have no complaints <3
lennine ratingfour the one of the problem is the sensitivity setting.
lenfourteen ratingfour you can't change the sensitivity of moving the player in the game play.
lenfour ratingfour and goodness the gems.
leneight ratingfour you have to pay some real money again?!
lentwo ratingfive gud graphics
lentwo ratingfive gr8 nice graphic.
lenfive ratingfive amazing love it soo good.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is fun i got me sister and uncle playing it we be having competitions tu see who got the highest score
lenfour ratingfive nic graphics.and layout
lenthree ratingfive temple of run 2
lensix ratingfive it is a very lovly game.
lensix ratingfive it's so fun and addictive.
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time.
lenseven ratingfive can't wait to see temple run 3!
lentwentyfour ratingfour great game with superb graphics as well as new features.could do with some improvements on sensitivity and gliches, as it freezes when turning.
leneleven ratingfive this game is improved nd better thab the first temple run
leneight ratingfive great game but sensitivity could have been better
lenseven ratingfour amazing graphics and yet sometimes smooth gameplay.
leneight ratingfour with some lagging on a htc one s
lensix ratingfive it's a great time pass.
lenfive ratingfive good picture and good game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfour it freezes and doesn't respond to my movement.
lenfive ratingone game constantly glitches, horrible play.
leneleven ratingone lag, abs doesn't recognize when you swipe ): loved tr1, tr2 is lacking.
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lenthirtyone ratingfour i love this game but theres nothing more aggravating then when your cruising along you slide right and it doesnt recognize the slide and throws u off the cliff at 300, 000 points!
lenthirty ratingfour and when ur in the cart in the cave your going around a corner and all of a sudden it throws u off and u have to start all over!
lenseven ratingfour please fix this and ill rate 5 star!
lennineteen ratingfour it be cool if there were check points its highly annoying to have to keep starting at the beginning!
lenfive ratingfour other than that awesome game!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive everything looks good on this game but as with 1st temple run the tilt doesn't work despite what i tried or was suggested which is why i'm only giving it 3 stars.
leneleven ratingfour i am now addicted thanks my social life is now gone.
leneighteen ratingfour the only problem with it is that the gems you spend to upgrade your powerup is not permenant
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive game is fun and addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant love it.
lennineteen ratingfive i love temple run because the best game in the play and everybody else liked it on my bus
lentwentyone ratingfive no issues for me!grt graphics!grt new features!no lagging!no sensitvty issues!perfct!love t!keep t up imangi!
lenfive ratingfive better than the first version.
leneight ratingfour however lacking several features that temple run 1 got.
lenfifteen ratingfour for instance, the ability to upgrade mega coins, the triple coin upgrade on coin magnet.
lenseventeen ratingfour also doesn't renew the power up when i took it under the effect of power up.
lenthirtyone ratingfour what i mean is, for example, if i'm currently under the effect of coin magnet, and i stumbled upon a new coin magnet, the effect duration doesn't prolong itself.
lenfourteen ratingfour overall a great job, but details like this are what separate great from excellent.
lenthirteen ratingthree temple run 2 is a awesome game but force closes on my galaxy gt-i9003
lensix ratingfive i m addicted to this game.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much.
lennine ratingfive i am already addicted and the graphics are amazing.
lenfive ratingfive cant wait for temple run 3
lentwelve ratingfive this might be the greatest game on android based on my opinion.
lenten ratingfive they improved not only the graphics but also the gameplay.
lensixteen ratingfive and the thing that i loved about temple run 2 is a whole new set of traps
lenfour ratingfive super cool.great graphics
lenfour ratingfive temple run was good .
lenfour ratingfive not boring very thrilling .
lenfour ratingfive and of course free.
lenfive ratingfive worth a single memory hehe .
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lensix ratingfour it much easyer then the original
lensix ratingone cannt open to my galaxy tab
lenten ratingfive i love this game way better than the 1st temple run!
lentwo ratingfive cool huh?
lentwo ratingfour great game
lensix ratingfive really better game then temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingthree i have 2 circumnavigator objectives/ one of wich is not updating.
lenthree ratingfive good game bruh!
lenfour ratingthree fun but very hard.
lenfive ratingthree i prefer regular temple run.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lenthree ratingfive runs really smooth (:
lenfour ratingfour please fix tilt sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game, the new addition is even better than the first ;)
lenseventeen ratingfive better than the first one more addictive to play n harder tovrun thru this game love it
lennineteen ratingone i havent been able to play this game because right as i open it, it sits there and closes.
lentwentyfive ratingfive guys must download game.i had played the first part and that was also too good i am sure this will surely be more better.
leneight ratingfive great game with new features and better graphics
lenthree ratingfive 2 good update yuppie
lentwelve ratingfive the most outstanding game of the decade and i love this game.
lennine ratingfour this is great, wonderful can hardly wait to play
lensix ratingfive much better gameplay with improved graphics!
lenthree ratingthree ruining the game
lenfourteen ratingfive fantastic on my galaxy note amazimg graphics.super  smooth as a sheet of ice.
lenseventeen ratingfive let me begin by saying that the game is real good and gives you more to do.
lenten ratingfive but i want to talk about the bug i found.
lentwentysix ratingfive i was trying to save my tokens and when i got up to 2,780 my next game i played right after said i had a total of 800.
lenthirteen ratingfive fix this error i would like to upgrade more or get new ppl.
lenten ratingfour i played it a few times and i loved it!
lenthirtythree ratingfour it was smooth and looks brilliant but after i closed the app down and opened it later on it doesn't start up it just stays at the imangi screen please fix! -nexus 10
lenfive ratingfive it's a fun game
lenfive ratingfour but ive found a glitch.
lenseventeen ratingfour sometimes when i jump over a gap, i go right thru the pathway and fall to death.
lensix ratingfour please fix then a guaranteed 5 stars
lensix ratingfive it way better than temple run 2
lenten ratingtwo great game but the tilt sensitivity needs to be fixed!
leneight ratingfive alsome this game is unbelivible make a number 3
lenfour ratingfive the game is cool
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lenseven ratingfive i really love it 5 star for that
leneleven ratingfive awesome,  is at least 10x better then the first,  way better gameplay
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenfive ratingfive following bugs need some work:  1.
lentwentyone ratingfive if your boost ends while you are  on a zipline, you keep on running at boost speed and end up dying.
leneight ratingfive showing circumnavigator achievement twice in my current objectives.
leneight ratingfive tilt controls seem to be stiff at times.
leneight ratingfive omg i love temple run and temple run 2
leneight ratingfive this is a really good game cheers ers
lenfive ratingfive excellent game love to play.
lenten ratingfive it is so fun and i play it all day .
lenseven ratingfive i dont even get tired of playing.
lenthirteen ratingfive i hope they'are putting out a temple run 3 later on in the 2013.
leneight ratingfive keep up the good work temple run maker.
lensix ratingfive you are doing a great job.
lenseven ratingfive i really like this game, so fun.
leneleven ratingfive when i save game with 1 diamond the game was force close.
lenfive ratingfive works great on my nexus 7.
lennine ratingfive it'five star game , l love it very much
lensixteen ratingfive very good mechanics of game no extra tilting and all that stuff keep it up guys. :) :)
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenseven ratingone heavy laggy on my galaxy s3,fix plz.
lensix ratingfive this is a truly amazing game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfourteen ratingfour i wish it was a bit more like temple run 1,  but still very fun.
lentwo ratingfour 2nd favorite game!
lentwentyfour ratingfive when im playing the game when it comes to turning the coners at times it will kill me and the person would keep runing.
lenseven ratingfive i dont understand what was going on?
lensix ratingfive but overall the game is great!
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lentwentyseven ratingfour it's an fabulous app and all credit goes to imangi studious, i salute to their creativity and use of graphics in this version of temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive overall game is awesome.already addicted to it and my high score is 8 million.
lentwentytwo ratingfive tilting i felt a bit lazy in the begginning but now i am used to it and its fun.enjoying the game.
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfour only down side is you have to tilt your phone a bit too much
leneighteen ratingfive its great love it, so much better than the first one, theirs tasks you have to complete too.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfour good graphics well upgraded version
lenfour ratingone error: package is invalid
lennine ratingfive nice game.i ranked it in top 5 anroid games.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are amazing .
lensixteen ratingfour the tilting is to bad and the game is a little slow than the first one
lenthirteen ratingfive too bad i downloaded it when i have an undergrad thesis to write
lensix ratingfour ok but i still like it
lensixteen ratingfive plenty of stuff was added to make a major improvement on the already excellent original game.
lentwelve ratingfive graphics agree very smooth on my nexus 7 and my razr maxx hd.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i play it a lot but every time i go back to the upgrade screen i lose all my coins before i can use them.
lenfourteen ratingfour sometimes when i try to use a save me the game ends, please fix!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwenty ratingone the game goes on to start up screen then backs out temple run 1 worked fine on lg optimus 3d  please fix .
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lenthree ratingfive awesome game play!
lenfive ratingone i dont like this game
lenthree ratingfive i like hd
lensix ratingfive can u dig it sucka' hbk
lenten ratingone it won't even open on my huawei acsend y
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are pretty awesome
lenthirteen ratingfive this is one of my favorite games on the market and its free!
leneight ratingfive great work and great visual graphics and controls!
lentwentyone ratingone i was expecting this game to be better than the first temple run, but yeah, huge disappointment apart from the graphics.
lennineteen ratingone tilt feels weird, turning corners feels weird etc etc  hope they update it and make it better, much better!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive please add tilt sensitivity settings, because it's not sensitive enough.
lenthirteen ratingfive its so hard to put down the phone when i play this game
lenfive ratingthree gold coins keep on disappearing!
lenfive ratingthree on my kindle fire hd.
lentwelve ratingthree plus wouldn't allow me to submit on my kindle fire hd!
lenthirteen ratingone does anybody with an lg thrill phone have this game and it works.
lenthree ratingone cause mine wont.
lenfour ratingfive i love this  games
lensix ratingfive expect much more from future updates!
leneight ratingfive this game us better thn the old one
lensix ratingfive it's just great.and amazing
lentwelve ratingfive it is amazing better than temple run there is more to do :-)
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a hell of a game very addictive can play for hours
lenfive ratingfive love the game so much.
lentwelve ratingfour a great sequel to a great game.a big win for imangi
lenfifteen ratingfive its so goooooooood, people say its got bad sensitivity, no, its just your crappy device.
lentwentynine ratingone good game but takes way to much space like i said its a good game but to much space don't get it  slows down your phone or whatever
leneleven ratingfive awesome game and has just about right amount of difficulty level.
lenfifteen ratingfive please add a connect with fb feature, so we can compete with our fb friends.
lenthirteen ratingfour game is excellent but i miss sensor setting please add in another update.
leneleven ratingfour sometimes doesn't start up automatically when i press it  -galaxy s3
leneighteen ratingthree monkey is so big now that you can't see yourself when being followed, and needs sensitivity adjustments
lenseven ratingfive the game is harder but more awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics<3
lennine ratingtwo i luv the game, on other people's phone.
lentwentynine ratingtwo but with my samsung infuse 4g, the intro screen of the game comes up and freezes until my phone buzzes and it goes back to my phone's home screen.
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic!
lenthirteen ratingfive runs smoothly on my galaxy note and the graphics are just too awesme!
lenfour ratingfive great job imangi studios!
lenfour ratingfour it lags a lot
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first one!
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is really fun and addictive, but sometimes when i collect a gem, and when i lose and click "save me"
lennine ratingfour it acted like i didn't collect a gem.
lenten ratingfour however i have to buy power ups with real money.
leneight ratingfour that's not how was in temple run.
lennine ratingfour you're not getting no money out of me.
lenten ratingfour if you fix is i'll well give it 5 ratings.
lennine ratingfour but the game is awesome keep it up guys
lenfive ratingfive cant stop playin this shiz
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
leneleven ratingfive much better graphics and way more fun then the first game.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's pretty cool and the father you are the more fun it gets
lentwentythree ratingone dosnt work grrr plz make it work i'm sorry i wanted to give 5 stars but i can't yet it force closes
leneleven ratingfour wish i was able to get to the minecart more often.
lenfive ratingone i cant play at all!
lenthirteen ratingone my game doesnt let me go pass the imagni studios screen.fix plz
lensix ratingfive this game gets real buck eh
lenseven ratingfour only problem is that it gliches sometimes.
lennine ratingfour not sure if its my phone or the game.
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i try to play it goes to the inangi loading page then it just turns off.
lentwelve ratingone it doesn't even ask me to force close, it just closes.
leneleven ratingone i tried turning off my phone and that did not work.
lensixteen ratingone then i tried uninstalling it and downloading it again and it still does the same thing.
lentwelve ratingone please fix this problem soon, i was really looking forward to playing!
lenfive ratingfive great except for occasional lag
lenseven ratingfive i can not stop playing this game.
lenfive ratingfive it has great graphics too.
lenseven ratingfive you will not regret getting this app.
lenseventeen ratingfive but something you should fix is that this templerun is a lot easier than the first one
lentwentynine ratingtwo every time i download work for the first three times after that the application won't open so i have to unistall and then install to make it work.
leneighteen ratingfive it is the most funnest game that i have ever played when is a third ome coming out
lensix ratingfour but freezes toooo much fix plz
leneleven ratingfive harder to play than temple run , very addicting and very awesome.
lensix ratingfour really addicting game fun to play
lenseven ratingone it wont even open with my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone it just shuts off after the green stone grass screen at the start up.
lennine ratingfive want more of temple run try this temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingone i can't even see were im going cuz the pause and point boarders cover up the whole f***ing screen
lenseven ratingfive works very good on my motorola atrix
lensix ratingthree lags on my htc x one+
leneight ratingfive it's so fun better than the first 1
leneleven ratingfive a 5 star for it but takes a lot time to load
leneighteen ratingone it downloads the whole game nd after downloading it, starts installing it and then says package file invalid.
lensix ratingfive choice before buying any power up.
lensix ratingfive otherwise, amazing game with awesome graphics!
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi.
leneight ratingfive this game is better and completely different from 1st.
lenfour ratingfive love the rope swing !
lentwenty ratingfive the only thing i dont like is that sometimes you can't tell whether or not there is a bend.
lensix ratingfive apart from that it is great.
lentwelve ratingtwo i dont think that its that good however its a normal game
lentwo ratingfive suparb game.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is mor smooth den temple run.grt job
leneight ratingfive love it way better tgen the first one
lensix ratingfive a lot better than tample run 1.
lenfive ratingfive but its more easy now.
lennine ratingfive it has better grapix also sorry for my english
lentwentythree ratingfour i really love this 2nd version but i gave it 4 stars only because it froze like twice yesterday and i had to restart my s3.
lenseven ratingfour but i still really like it xd :*
lenten ratingfive i love its way better than the first temple run!
lenseven ratingfive and to all who complain reinstall it
lenten ratingfive so much more challenging and visually stunning than the first.
lenten ratingfive i love this game so much better than the first
lennine ratingfive amazing my i love it so does my kids
lenten ratingfive this game is great way better than the first one
lenfour ratingfour the animation is amazing.
lenfive ratingthree this game is very entertaining.
lensix ratingthree i could play all day long.
lentwentytwo ratingthree but i did notice that when the person begins to run faster it lags on my phone and makes you die easy.
lenthirteen ratingthree also when it does this, it takes away a lot of my coins.
lenseventeen ratingthree other than that this is a very fun game and i would recommend it to my friends.
lenfourteen ratingthree just wish the bugs would be fixed because i want the coins i earned.
lenfour ratingfive this game is fabulas!
lentwelve ratingfour when i pay 1 gem to upgrade my powerup it only lasts once.
lensix ratingfour anyway it awesome, no more lag.
lenten ratingfour you should add more charaters and new powerups with em'.
leneighteen ratingfour also when i pause in game you should add current objectives, so its quick and handy to see.
lenthree ratingfour great job guys !
lensixteen ratingone i've had the game about a week, i've already bought upgrades and new characters.
lenthirtyone ratingone now the game won't even load, it comes on to the start screen then has an airy sound like driving a car with window down then shuts its self off.
leneight ratingfive better graphics, more realistic, additional concepts,.just awesome
lenfive ratingfive great game for time pass.
lenfive ratingfive need an adjuster for tilt.
lenfour ratingfive otherwise a great game !
leneight ratingfour good graphics, nice gameplay as tr1, keep it up
lennine ratingfive cool game but i still like the first one
lensix ratingfive nice featurings, it almost looks real!
lensix ratingfive dis game is awesome toooooooo goooooood
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
lenfour ratingfive great grafics n gameplay :)
lenthree ratingfive very nice gameeeee.
leneleven ratingfive it is a big jump from the first ond better too.
lenfifteen ratingfive the only thing i wish they had was the sensitivity change like da first one.
lentwentyone ratingfive cause i had mine on high so could barely turn my phone and he would move all the way over faster.
leneleven ratingfive love the new look and new ways to get the powerups.
lenfour ratingfive good job imangi studios!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game rocks 1,000% better temple run 1 sucked  if this game does well i have idea for temple run 3: running into a new temple continued of the second trying to grab the idol dodging booby traps
lentwelve ratingfive excellent game for my sony tippo.and it's graphics was amazing.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive best game ever i played. .
lenseven ratingone it crashes before it reaches the intro.
lentwentyeight ratingthree loved the game and the new elements added to it, but it crashed and lost all saved data and continuously crashes when trying to turn off the tutorial.
leneighteen ratingone this game if you want to call it that is unresponsive and frustrating uninstall save yourself the trouble
lenseven ratingtwo it wont open for me to play.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
leneight ratingfive didn't expect it to be this good!
lensix ratingfive well done creators of temple run!
lenfifteen ratingtwo i was playing it for 3 days now but then all of my progress was gone!
lensix ratingfive love it 10 million is my score
lennine ratingfive another reason why u should invest in mobile gaming .
lensix ratingfive and im an ol skool gamer !
lenseven ratingfive this is the equivalent to mobile crack !
lenten ratingfive lots of improvements made.graphics,sensitivity,etc. great game overall!
lennine ratingfive i don't want to write a review. :-) bye!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
leneleven ratingtwo swipe and jump functions do not work even after adjusting sensitivity.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive marathon run! !
lenten ratingtwo keeps randomly crashing this is really annoying can u fix.
lensix ratingtwo if so five stars are yours.
lennine ratingtwo also lags a lot stopping me doing good runs.
leneight ratingfive its more difficult than the orginal.good job!:)
lentwelve ratingfive better than than the first continue to make more in the future
lensixteen ratingthree i've come to expect a lot from you guys and i feel seriously let down.
lensixteen ratingthree the mechanics in this game far exceed the previous two however the force closes kill me.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i started a round with 1 gem, completed the grab 2 gems in 1 run objective was trying to complete the use 2 save mes objective.
lentwelve ratingthree as soon as i hit save me the second time it froze.
lenten ratingthree i open the game back up and i have -1 gems.
lenfourteen ratingthree it freezes a lot and force close easily but graphics amazing and love upgrades
lentwo ratingfive great upgrade.
lenfour ratingfive awesome. .i love it?
lentwelve ratingfour i like it but once in a while the game will fuckvup
lenfive ratingfour now no more subway surfer.
lennine ratingfive this one blows the first one outa the water!
lenten ratingfive brilliant game runs super smooth and a bit addictive :p
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lennine ratingfive much better and smooth running then the first game.
lenfour ratingfive must download :) its great
lentwelve ratingfive harder than the first one but a nice challenge :) nice new features.
lenfive ratingfive working flawlessly on my note 2.
lentwelve ratingfive lot better than the first one and i really enjoyed it too
lenthree ratingfive best game everrrrrr
lennine ratingfive i like this game so it's very fun
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive its to good yaar maza aagya
lenthree ratingfive off da chain
lenthree ratingfive lovely big fan
lensix ratingfive i like game very clear graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfive best game ever , this game has everything a game can have.
lenfive ratingfive more challenging and exciting objectives.
lenfive ratingfive only bad point very addictive.
lennineteen ratingfive i really love this game this is much more better than temple run 1 new graphics n new game :d
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive nicer than the first temple run
lentwentyeight ratingfive amazing and simple gameplay, awesome ui(a bit confusing though), added features, smooth graphics(but there's some confusing details), better than it's successor in all aspects.
lenfive ratingfive keeps me entertained all day!
leneight ratingone performance is poor compared to the ios version.
lenfive ratingone choppy and full of bugs.
lenseventeen ratingone wont let me play on my phone it just sits there on the main screen please fix
lentwo ratingfive aswm game
lenfive ratingfive bigger better yet harder.great!
lenthirteen ratingfive love the game better than the first, but it has one major bug.
lenfifteen ratingfive it deletes all my coins out of nowhere, even if i don't buy anything.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive i love this game but i think it needs to be easier to find gems and when the guy is chasing you i can see him in the back ground and that kind of messes me up.
lenfive ratingfive tr2 is even more fun than tr1.
lenfive ratingfive i like the curved paths!
lensixteen ratingfive everyone try my game, plexus, it's not amazing, but i'll update it if 5k download
lenten ratingone i want to play it but keeps closing help plese
lennine ratingfive this version is much much better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenthree ratingfive awsum.mst dwnload
leneight ratingfive i looove the new temple run excellent job! ;)
lennine ratingfour the tilt is not as smooth as temple run 1
leneleven ratingfive i like it.it is more nicer han the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingthree i have problem when i put it on level surface character moves to left.
leneighteen ratingthree great game, but theres a bug where it crashes if i use save me for the second time.
lenfive ratingthree please fix, then five stars.
leneight ratingfive really gud fr next level addictive android game
lenfive ratingfive truly such an amazing game.
lensix ratingfive so happy they made a sequel!
lenthree ratingfive i highly recommend!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingone really bad you can barrley control how you are jumping its really really bad need to fix it soon
lentwenty ratingone it's a good game but bought a bunch of gems and 2 hours later the gems aren't here yet.
lennine ratingone and it still took money out if my account
lenfifteen ratingthree its ok a lil disappointment not as good as the first but still fun nonetheless.
lenthree ratingthree difficult to play
lenfifteen ratingfive this is fun things for this month but it has some bugs.but 5 star indeed!
lensix ratingfour waiting for it , simply awesum game !
lenthree ratingfour graphis bit okay
lentwentyfive ratingthree the last game,s graphics where much better and also thr previous game had better user controlls,  powerups, and everthing this one was a fail
lenfifteen ratingfive i have played the previous temple run but this one is more interesting and entertaining.
lenfive ratingfive five star all the way
lenfive ratingfive its fun and more harder
lennineteen ratingfour better graphics than temple run 1 luv this game.pls increase tilt sensitivity.some times i cant see the screen.
lentwo ratingfive fun fun!
lenfive ratingone i keep losing my coins.
lenseven ratingfive excellent game, works fine on my galaxy s3.
lenseven ratingfive i have an itch on my knee.
lenfive ratingfive more fun than part one
lentwo ratingfive great successor.
lenseven ratingfive u did it agn very nice game
leneleven ratingone does not turn at all when u need to get coins
lenthree ratingfive excellent this game
lentwentysix ratingfour i really enjoy this game its pretty good it would be better if you can fix the lags after 3 million then i would rate it 5 stars.
leneleven ratingtwo i am so aggravated with it not adding my coins up.
lenthree ratingfive very exciting game.
lenseven ratingfive i think it's better than templerun 1.
lentwentyfive ratingone the app does not work, after clicking on the app it shows a green and brown temple run screan and the vibrates and then shuts.
leneight ratingone please help really want to play this game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive i really njoyd the video quality as well as the new concept of rope n that rail cart loved it so vry mch.guyz u no need to think twice abt installing this intresting second part.
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great
lentwenty ratingfour way better than the first one.good job but five start when tilt becoms more sensitive like da first edition.
lenten ratingtwo look like a good game but it doesn't open
lentwentythree ratingone need to fix the bugs it stop and  go and it freeze up a lot need to be fix it a good game
lenfour ratingfive temple run was amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 takes it up a notch by bringing in gameplay from other games like pitfall, etc.
lenfour ratingfour looks better, plays better.
lenseven ratingthree loving he new graphics, and no lag!
lenseven ratingthree but tilting is messed up, pls fix.
lensix ratingfive highly addictive download at own risk :-)
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome graphics, cool looking monster, and an amazing new maze of twists and turns.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive very nice and fluid
lennine ratingfive i love this game its fun and its difficult
lenfour ratingfive its a wonderful game.
lenseven ratingfive once i started to play dis game.
lensix ratingfive i was not able to stopppp !
lensix ratingfive p.s  i m lovinggg itt. :*
lenseven ratingfour this game is pretty cool and awesome. :)
lentwentytwo ratingfive its so much better than the first one if u could give it one billion stars i would totally to die for
lentwentysix ratingfive my coins seem to be mysteriously spending themselves.i have four thousand, go to the store, haven't bought anything, and come out with way less!
lenfour ratingfive works great on nexus 7
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfour must play for temple run fans.
lentwenty ratingone i think it could be a lot better so i found a lot of bugs that you need to fix!
lentwentyfour ratingone so the objectives keep repeating and at one part and one part only i can't turn so i keep running into the tree.
lenfortyone ratingone and it always slows down and makes me fall cuz its going so slow that it won't let me jump slide turn or whatever and i love the first temple run it was a lot better than the second one.
lentwentyeight ratingone this is to all you people who think that my phone is being slow your wrong because it only slows down on that game so fix the bugs!
leneight ratingfive you run and then you run some more.
lensix ratingone dosent open on my dell streak
lenfour ratingfive great game nice improvements
leneleven ratingone every time i touch the app, it opens but then closes.
lenthree ratingone i cant play.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so much fun i can't stop playing it!
lenthree ratingfive pretty dope game .
lensix ratingone its cool game i like it.
lenthirteen ratingone but know it wont work know fix for 5 stars it forsclos on me
lenthree ratingfive needs playbook rules
lentwo ratingfive betyder nice
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive awsummm game
lenseventeen ratingfive sooooo cooool game best ever love it and enjoy playing it thank you for making this game :))))))))
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfortyeight ratingfour its a really fun and entertaining game, i like all the new additions but it kinda has a lag to it all the time, and when you go to turn corners it delays it dont turn when you want too, other than that its an overall good game.
lenfive ratingfive improved graphic and new interface
lenseven ratingfive i love how they added bew contents!
lenfourteen ratingfive my only gripe is that the tilt has less sensitivity than the previous one
lenseven ratingfive this is a great game very challenging .
lenfive ratingfive this is an epic game!
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lenfive ratingfive very smooth on xperia tx.
lenten ratingone it just shows flash screen at start and then stops.
leneight ratingone subway surfers work normally, but not temple run 2.
lenfive ratingfive congrats on an amazing game.
lensix ratingfour cant tweet my points, what happen?
leneight ratingone won't download on my 4.0 android droid incredible
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game and it is awesome and it is excellent
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingtwo a splash screen comes and then the application closes.pleae solve this problem as soon as possible
lenthree ratingone sensitivity is horrible.
lenseven ratingfive really gn crazy for templ e run
leneight ratingone plz add facebook sync for competing with frnds.
lenthree ratingfive animated with sound.
lenthirteen ratingfive im gonna get layed off im playing on the job but its addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive im 47 and i dont play video games.
lentwentyone ratingfive but i was bored one night and downloaded it an i have not been able to put it down for 3 days.
lentwentythree ratingfive i played this already on an ipad and ipod, but after installation everything was epicly zoomed that i could not.play no more.
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lenfour ratingthree very fun and addictive.
lentwentyone ratingthree however, the random terrain generator or w/e you want call it, is sometimes to the point of impossible and unfair.
lenfourteen ratingthree how can one get a high score in something that seems to be 1/3 luck?
leneleven ratingthree how can anyone avoid a spiky log right after a river?
lentwelve ratingthree how is a cliff right after a turn enough time to react?
lensixteen ratingthree how is a blind turn series in a minecart fair to react to a blocked passage?
lenfourteen ratingthree there should be a check to make sure the generated terrain is actually passable.
leneight ratingfive sinar temple run, this game is very good.
lensixteen ratingthree they tried to hard and it's just not as good a the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive nice graphics and you team have done a great job.
lenfive ratingfive im addict so that happy
lenseven ratingfive must have app.better than temple run 1.
lentwentyfour ratingthree really like the improved graphics, however this game has bugs , an example would be how it often crashes when i use a "save me"
lensix ratingthree causing me to lose many gems:-/
lenfive ratingfive i'm ready to play
lennine ratingfive its awesome and even entertaining more than temple run 1
lenseventeen ratingone at first it was working really well but now as soon as i start i get eaten.
leneight ratingone im so disapointed because i really liked it
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is an adventure in it's self, totally better then temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfive and all the sexy ladies will lov3 it
leneleven ratingfive with just week it came a million downloads, that's fast :)
leneight ratingtwo there should be an option to change sensitivity!
lenten ratingtwo its almost impossible to play like this on my note 2.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i need to flip my device around in order to tilt left or right
lenseven ratingone temple run 2 is so fun to play
lensix ratingfive im playing this on my s3 perfectly
lenfifteen ratingthree the game keeps crashing on me when i try to open it,  please fix asap!
leneleven ratingfour dont get me wrong the game os fun but the glitches
lenthree ratingone it want launch
lenfive ratingfive best temple run so far!
lenfour ratingfive such an amazing game ;)
lenfourteen ratingfive love temple run 2 the only problem with it is that it is so addictive
lenthirteen ratingone the game keeps crashing on the start up, i can't play it.
lenseventeen ratingfive it meets up to its expectations.good graphics and lots of new things.a must play game.
lennineteen ratingone i am not able to download this game on my swipe alline one tab ad it stuck on 71 percent.
leneleven ratingone the pls fix it bcos u want to play this game
lensix ratingfive it's really great download it
lenfour ratingfive this is wonderful game
leneleven ratingfour it a good game i wish it had more cool effect
lenfourteen ratingfour the game froze once but i like playing it the game is really fun.
lenfortyeight ratingone i'be been addicted to temple run ever since rthe first one was released, so i downloaded this one, and every time i go on it, it shuts down, i can't play on this at all, solve this problem, then i would give it a better rating.
lenfour ratingfive i love the zipline
leneighteen ratingthree good game but on my phone the screen is so compressed it takes the joy out of it
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingone i wish you would fix this so i could play
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirtysix ratingfive but i find that if i have a powerup and i pick up the same one it dosent extend the time on it, i thought that was how it worked in tr1 but i might be wrong.
lenthirtytwo ratingone i love temple run and i really want to get temple run 2, but every time i try to install it, it says 'package file invalid', it might just be my phone though.
lenthree ratingone crashes my phone.
lenseven ratingfive love it, more fun than the original
leneight ratingone swipe action isn't working on my nexus 4.
lenfour ratingfive works smoothly and quickly.
lenfour ratingfive i am totally addicted.
lentwelve ratingfive in love with this game  ( highly recomend it ) recuires: a person with.
leneleven ratingfive a lot of time on their hands and fast finger reflexes
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive only qualm is when the giant monster thing gets behind you, its kinda hard to see; it adds to the intensity of the game though.
leneleven ratingtwo i really liked temple run 2 until it trapped out on me.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo when i start a run i end up against a wall, i couldn't do anything about, i can't turn and have difficulty jumping.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i'm giving it two stars because it works on another device i own.
lenseven ratingfive its such a nice game, nice look.
lenfive ratingfive shoud make a temple run 3
lenfive ratingone for my phone.keeps crashing!
lenfour ratingfour new version is amazing!
lenthirteen ratingfour the graphics are fantastic, and the game is just as addicting as ever.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneleven ratingfive excellent game temple run two might be more popular than one
leneighteen ratingthree this game is so much fun, it is like playing the original temple run for the first time.
lennineteen ratingthree but it is the most frustrating thing ever when it closes when i try and use the save feature!
lentwentynine ratingthree i had collected 4 gems, and 5,000 coins and all i needed to complete a challenge was 5 gems so i figured i would use my saves until i found one more.
leneleven ratingthree nope closed the first time i went to use the save.
lenfifteen ratingfour game is cool but sometimes menu is not good and everything camoflage with the background.
lenthirteen ratingone very good game, but the lag when turning corners make the game unplayable.
leneleven ratingfour i love thia game so much fun but my coins disappear.
lenfour ratingfour therefore i cant "save"
lensix ratingtwo please fix it, hang on ics 4.0.3
lennine ratingfive it's the awesome game i have ever played .!
lenfive ratingfive wooow .ossum game .faddu graphic
lenten ratingfive i love it it's so cool it's excellent
lenten ratingfive this game temple run 2 and temple run both deserves 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive both are truly amazing game.
lenfortytwo ratingfour i think that temple run 2 is a beyter game than temple run first the graphics are wayy better and now u can get your abbiliyy just by getting points but it is still the same thing as trmple run in a way
lenthree ratingfive brilliant, very addictive
lennine ratingfive tis game is epic please create a temple run 3
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1!
leneight ratingfive i really enjoy playin this game very fun.
leneleven ratingfive just wish it would stop causing my phone to reboot randomly
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the 1st temple run!
lentwo ratingfour excellent yar.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is addicting it is one of the best games in this whole entire market
lennine ratingfive i was going to complain about the back buton.
lensix ratingfive but that's allready ben resolved.
lennine ratingfive the game crashes when i use 'save me' sometimes.
lenfourteen ratingfive wich is realy frustrating since i only use it if i'm going well.
lenthree ratingfive still, great game.
lenthree ratingfive loved the powerups.
leneleven ratingfive maybe in time you could add more characters from the first?
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lentwentysix ratingfour but it would be convenient to make the tilting a bit more sensitive so i don't have to be in a certain position to play.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i won't say the best but it doesn't really have any story base to it.
leneighteen ratingtwo i know your running from monkeys or something, but really how did he get into the whole thing.
lentwenty ratingtwo also there's no really any animation to the tripping and some of the controls fail to work on me.
lenfour ratingone just downloaded the app.
lenseventeen ratingone when i go to play it all it shows is the begining screen then it force closes.
lensix ratingone will rate better when it works.
lentwentytwo ratingone it keeps kicking me out of the app the only thing i see is the loading screen then it kicks me out
lenthirteen ratingfive give me infinite like not forever but like alto of coins and gems.
lenfive ratingfive nice new version .must download
lentwelve ratingfive it would icing on the cake if u will allow fb competing.
leneight ratingfive it will add tremendous action to d game.
lensix ratingfive otherwise its a killer game guys.!
leneight ratingfive this new version of tempal run 2 is awesome
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwelve ratingtwo ok but not half as good as subway surf or temple run 1
lensixty ratingfive im a huge fan of temple run.and i got so excited when my friends told the temple run 2 got released on play store.so i downloaded it but and loved the graphics and quality but in some way i thought temple run 1 is better than temple run 2 i dnt knw y but i enoyed the game thx imangi studios!
lenten ratingfive one of the best games i've played so far!
leneight ratingfive one of the best free game on market.
lenfive ratingfive very good graphics and gameplay.
lenten ratingthree i enjoy this game, but it has a major bug.
lenseventeen ratingthree sometimes when i try to use the 'save me' button it freezes the game, then closes itself.
lenthirteen ratingthree then it takes the gem and acts like the last game never occurred.
lentwentyseven ratingfour when i am in the cart it is a delayed duck so i always die there so please fix then you will get a five star review
lenfortynine ratingfive as im playin the game i noticed things that really are annoying , can you please fix the bugs such as when yu put gems on the boost it still says it only cost 1 and it only last 1 round.its really annoyin i have wasted so many gems on it.
lensix ratingone freezes right from the menu screen.
lennine ratingone only way to quit game is restart the phone.
lensix ratingfive the only issue is the sensitivity!
lentwentytwo ratingfive when you try to tilt sideways to run on the ledges it takes too long and i usually end up falling off!
lenfour ratingfive we need sensitivity option.
lenthree ratingfive otherwise great game.
leneight ratingfive hopefully some upgrades to follow, and more characters
lensix ratingfive better than all the other runs.
lentwentyone ratingfive every people run to a temple for the search of god .but this temple run 2 is for the search of gold.
leneleven ratingtwo it's a good game just tilting doesn't work good.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's almost the same thing as rail rush but it's cool.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive grate game
leneighteen ratingfour it's great but sometimes after a boost it stays extremely fast so its omposible to not die.
leneighteen ratingfour on my way to get 39 million that happens 4 times, and i never messed up, just the game did
lenfour ratingfive download this game now!
lenthirteen ratingfive if you have never played the temple run series or if you have.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lensix ratingfour great game but needs more views
lenfive ratingfive great game, love the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneight ratingfive i love everything.i love the new minecart
lenfourteen ratingfive this is much better than the first cause this time its the big guy
lenfifteen ratingfour on my phone when i tilt it to the right it dosent  move at all
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!:-)
lenfourteen ratingthree i love the new feautures except the fact that it lags like none other.
lensix ratingthree tolerable but irritating after a while.
lenfifteen ratingone fix the lag how tf will anyone ever get far if its laggin like that.
lenfour ratingfive i love tumple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfour hhahaha im not good at this game never got 1 mill but enjoy it
lenfifteen ratingfour i had this app for a day next thing u know it doesn't work!
lenfortyfive ratingfive the first one was brilliant but the second one is absolute brilliant :-)   if you loved the first one, you'll love this even more, if you hated the first one, then you will fully love this one :-d   give it ago - it is pure genius ;)
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game it has awesome graphics its fun and very addicting really good game! :)
lennineteen ratingfour i like it but it glitches alot when i'm trying to junp but other than that great game
lentwo ratingfour excellent game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive excelent game!
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 1 was a superhit  temple run 2 is a blockbuster great too good
lenfourteen ratingfive the follow-up to the recent clarify is just as fun as the first.
lenfive ratingfive much more to dig into.
lensix ratingfive plus, you can't beat free.
lenfourteen ratingone i dunno y its sayn installation cannot b done in d default installation location
lensix ratingthree when it runs it's great.
lenfourteen ratingthree but on ipad, ipod, and android,  it often just stops or slows down alot.
leneleven ratingthree it is much harder to accumulate points and get power ups.
lenfive ratingthree love the format and graphics.
lenfour ratingthree just really inconsistent performance.
lensix ratingfive it is really smooth and flows.
lennine ratingfive wish the perks/power ups last longer then 15 seconds
lentwentyeight ratingfour this game is hella fun, but since i've updated it, whenever i'm ready to play it it goes to the load page & then just exits out
lentwelve ratingtwo it's run on background and make my battery drain so much
lenfifteen ratingfour still lags on my phone even after i make space for it but overall good
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is the most coolest game in the world  that i have ever played!
lenfifteen ratingfive i you need to improve some little bit thing there4 plz check this game deply thanx
lentwo ratingfive fun uuu
lennine ratingfour just lags a bit and kills me plaease fix
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i press on it, it gets stuck on the imagi studios screen and then exits out!
leneighteen ratingfive this game's too difficult to control maybe my galaxy will crash if i play this game again
lentwentyone ratingfour hi. my daughter purchased a coin package on here over 30 minutes ago and it is still not reflecting on the app.
leneight ratingfour great game by the way, she loves it!
lenseven ratingone please fix cause i love temple run!
leneighteen ratingone i have heard its a good  game but i will not let me play it on my fone
lentwenty ratingfive this game is so much fun, very addicting and is good to waist time:) i can play it for hours
lenfive ratingfive great game and all, yeah.
lenfifteen ratingfive but when i enter the mines then it's basically a death sentence for me.
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome is all i can say, great sequel to the original temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive need to be a bit more smooth on android when compared to iphone
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingone it downloaded but when i click to play on it, it just goes back to homescreen
lensix ratingfive just as fun as the original!
lensix ratingfive except i hate the mining area!
lensix ratingfive this is a fun good game
leneight ratingfive fun to play with lots of new features
lenfour ratingfive love the new features.
lenthree ratingfour ta bien chido
lennine ratingfour sometime i chich on saveme the game is out
lenfive ratingfive it takes forever to download
lenfourteen ratingfive fix it but great game and 3k people rated 1 cause they got samsung infuse lol
lenthirteen ratingfour wud have given 5 stars if google hadn't robbed me for coin doubler
lenthirtythree ratingfour this is an excellent app hats off.to imangi studios for such an excellent sequel.but it will be a five star only when u guys increase the sensitivity of the motion sideways.
lenfiftyseven ratingthree im definitely feeling this one but its not that much thrilling than the first one, after you get the hang of it, its just the same thing, unlike survival run you get to swing and sky dive.if temple run added a sky dive part instead of that coal cart then this would get 5 stars from me.
leneight ratingfive liked the first one loved the second one
lenthirtyone ratingfive this is a great game and is even more addicting than the last you need to get it the only problem is i can't put it down lol have fun
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run.
leneight ratingfour love to play this game rather then 1st part
lentwentytwo ratingfive way better than the first love the giant monkey and the graphics are awesome i recommend this game for everyone its awesome.
lensix ratingfive way better then before.excellent graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfive congrates imangi studios another great version of the most popular and my fav game :)
leneight ratingfive the best smartphone game i have ever played!
leneleven ratingfour its awesome to play .graphics and other options are very nice
lenthree ratingfive a perfect game .
leneight ratingfive better than subway surfers and has amazing graphics.
lentwentythree ratingthree i tilt my phone so far it still falls of the bridge need to fix it sensitivity needs to be fixed as well
leneight ratingone it won't let me open the game.
lennine ratingone it goes to the i thing then it closes
lennine ratingfive i think it is a good game to play!
lenfive ratingfive it's fun and addictive
leneight ratingfive i was waiting a lot for this game.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i got 1, 500, 000 on the first temple run this one got hard i can even get passt a couple thousand but its a challange and i like it
lenfortysix ratingtwo was xpecting smthing better than temple run.bt it has dis appointed me.ramp is very much unclear,powers r visible wen u r about to pass dem.i played it on android ,ipad , iphone bt ramp is never very visible.very much mixed wth surrounding.
lennine ratingone this game won't work on my htc merge!
leneight ratingfive when i click 'save me' it sometimes fcs
lenthree ratingfive like real world
lenfour ratingfive perfect its abt time
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run ,
lentwo ratingfive beyond expectations.
lensix ratingfive imangi studios never lets anyone down.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant.simply brilliant!
lenten ratingfive very interesting it is a lot better than temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive and i would definitely recommend it to my friends.
lennine ratingfive temple run 1 was fun, but this is way better!
lentwentyone ratingtwo everytime im playing the game will pause by itself when i dont press the pause button they need to fix this
lensixteen ratingthree after double tapping a powerup and if you pick the same ups, it won't stack.
lenseventeen ratingthree when playing with karma lee, the sound of when getting a gem is kinda out of tune.
lenfourteen ratingthree when using scarlet, sometimes after using boost, the speed remains the same without invulnerability.
leneight ratingthree and sometimes the screen is not that responsive.
leneight ratingthree good thing i already have scored 10m points lol
lenten ratingfive im so happy tat they made temple run 2 so fun
lenthirtyone ratingthree but everytime i reach 2k money its start over from 0 so i cant buy anything plus alot of objective isnt working so please can u fix this and i will rate 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive it way cooler than the fitst
lentwentythree ratingfour great game but can you fix the sensitivity on tablets i have to move my whole tablet to move but great games 1 and 2
leneleven ratingfour every time i play this when i die the game freazes.
lentwo ratingfive graphics amazing. .
lenthree ratingfive difficulties level increase.
lenthree ratingfive mre fun now. .
lenseven ratingfive m loving it! !.one bug. .closin problem.
lenfive ratingone can't play temple run 2.
lenthree ratingone pls fix asap
lensix ratingone cant download to my galay tab p1000 :(
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive my son loves it.
leneight ratingthree epic graphics & new features but fix tilt plzzzzz!
lenfour ratingfive no word to explain
lenfour ratingone force close every time
lensixteen ratingfour it is definitely fun and enjoyable but the tilt of the screen isn't sensitive enough.
leneleven ratingfour main reason i ever fall is because of the side ledges.
lenten ratingthree it's a good game much better than the first .
lensixteen ratingthree but its got wierd way of moving and hurts they eyes and gives you a headache .
lennine ratingfive even better than the prequel.nice work imangi studios.!
lensixteen ratingthree i gave 3 stars because it does not work on my phone please fix quickly as posible
lenthirteen ratingone i cant even open up the game without it force closing plz fix
lentwo ratingfive miss preeti
leneight ratingfive sooooooooo much better than the first temple run
lentwentyone ratingfive i love this game it way better than the first one and its addicting so something to keep u busy -la
lenthirteen ratingthree temple run 1 was much better then 2  even temple run 1 was the bestest one
lensix ratingfive good sequel to an awesome game.
lensix ratingfive one of the all time greats
lensix ratingtwo will not turn on samsung infuse.
leneleven ratingfive this is the best i love it and its very fun
leneight ratingfive my cousin likes it so it's cool
lenfive ratingtwo sensitivity to tilt is low .
lenfifteen ratingtwo and timings to jump and collect abilities/gems etc is bad compared to temple run 1 .
lennine ratingtwo and the rail road is a good addition too .
lenseven ratingfive a marked improvement from temple run one.
lenfive ratingfive graphics, game play both rock.
lentwentyone ratingfive the huge monkey is cool too :p but i would also like to comment on the motion sensitivity while moving sideways!
leneight ratingfive you really have to tilt alot to turn.
lenten ratingfive i hope this would be fixed in the next update!
lensix ratingfive otherwise the game is sexed out!
lentwo ratingfive thanks alot! :-)
lenthree ratingfive this game sucks
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenseven ratingfive much more fun than the first one!
leneleven ratingfive only problem is that it takes waaaay too long to install!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfifteen ratingtwo every single time i play this game, it gets stuck and my device goes off!
lensix ratingtwo dissapointed cause i love this game!
lenten ratingone temple run 2 could nit be downloaded due to an error.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the idea of this game is great it is a lit more fun than the original, but the lag makes it much harder to play, i somehow dont think its my device.
lentwelve ratingfour good improvement over the first one, still keeping the core idea intact.
lenseven ratingfour great graphics too, plays wonderfully without lag.
lenfifteen ratingfour please add a setting to adjust tilt sensetivity, the default is too slow for me.
lenseven ratingone it stays on the imangine screen part.
leneight ratingone doesn't even goes to the main screen.
lenseven ratingfive runs great on max settings on nexus 4.
lensix ratingfive can't put this game down.
lensix ratingfive hard to believe it's free.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is great it's really fun if you liked the first try the second
lensixteen ratingfive hatts off to the developers .they created even more interesting and enjoyable game.real fun guys
lenfourteen ratingfive this is one of the best games i have played in a long time.
lenten ratingfive i love all the neww features added to the game.
lenfour ratingfive it is completely amazing.
lensixteen ratingfour the graphics are great but sometimes it lags out but still it's very good game
lenseven ratingfive i like how smooth the game is.
lenten ratingfive the only complaint is that the gem cost is off.
leneleven ratingfive at some points when it says one it actually means two.
lenfive ratingfive other than that, great game.
lenfourteen ratingone android 2.2.2 dell streak 5 : please check since it crashes to home screen without showing error.
lennine ratingone possibly bug and please add platform requirements if applicable
lenfour ratingfive y re r st
lensix ratingfive me encanta es mi app favoritaa.
leneighteen ratingfour its quite a good game but the annoying thing is that you have to pay for more diamonds
leneight ratingfour really awesome and much better than first one.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentyone ratingone i loved the first one, and i was super excited to see there was a second but it won't open?
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive if you enjoy temple run then you will absolutely love temple run 2. :-)  this game rocks
leneight ratingone wont start after splash screen fix it please ;(
lenfive ratingfive i like the new map
lenthirteen ratingfive gotta b the best free game on the market a wonderful sequal 5 star
lenfive ratingfive awesomeness amazing fun so awesome
lenthree ratingfour must play game :-)
lenfive ratingfive its have  a neat graphics!
lentwentyone ratingfive no problem occurred to me by playing its have given five 5 stars  and u too can download nd give it 5 stars!
lenten ratingfive very good game to play when you have free time
lentwentysix ratingfour i think it's a good game, butt i think you need to fix the glitches.sometimes, when i turn it slides and then i die.
lentwelve ratingfour great game but its a little glitchy.makes it hard to play
leneight ratingtwo does not work on my lg optimus black.
lenthirteen ratingtwo the game auto-close when i open it.can you fix it please.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i found a bug.when i complete a challenge it says that i have not completed that challenge.except that everything's fine.awesome game
lenthirtyfour ratingfive talking about the old temple run there was no none running stuff but in this there's ropes cart driving and whatever u have to install (i am not saying temple run is bad)
lenten ratingfive love the game but the person goes a little slow!
lentwentyeight ratingone why can't i install this with my xperia neo v? i want it so bad but it keeps on saying can't be installed on your usb.
lenfive ratingone sometimes it says 'invalid file'
lenthirteen ratingone at first it worked, and now it won't load on my phone.
lentwentyfour ratingone every other app works completely fine, but this one takes like five minutes to load, and tben automatically returns to my phones home screen.
lenfive ratingone i have a coolpad quattro.
leneleven ratingfive this game is incredibly fun and the best on the market!
lenfour ratingfive superb game.really addicted
lentwo ratingtwo game cheats.
lenseven ratingtwo it takes your coins for no reason!
lenfour ratingtwo definitely fix this asap
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lenten ratingfive great game but not as good as the first one.
lentwentynine ratingthree monkey is so big now that you can't see yourself when being followed, and needs sensitivity adjustments, also force closes sometimes when using save, still charges the gem
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love this game and i'm playing it 24/7 of course there are some parts that are like "wow i didn't see this coming"
lenfiftyseven ratingfive and cablamo you just crash or fall or get burned but something i really like is when you die you get a second chance.all you do is collect these green gems in the game and once you fall or crash or burn you get a second chance by just using one of your gems its amazing!
lensix ratingfive great game not only for kids
lenthirteen ratingone it doesnt work on my tablet it loads like 20 seconds and backs out
lentwo ratingfive mint game
lenfive ratingfive great but has some bugs
lenseven ratingfive i find it better thannthe frist one
lenten ratingthree the game is all right need to have sinserivity settings
lentwelve ratingfive simply awesome.if you liked tr and brave, you'll love this! ;-)
lensixteen ratingthree when i swipe up to jump, my characters slides.when i swipe down he still slides.
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics is twice better than templerun 1 ,more people, twice as fast when open.
lensix ratingfive templerun 2 than 1 i cant wait templerun 3
lenfive ratingfour should add a sensitivity button.
lenthree ratingfour however great game .
lentwentyfive ratingfour their should be a secret level where if you fall down the river you have to dodge objects and grab on to  rope to escape.
lenthree ratingfour but great game
lentwentyfour ratingfour the objectives seem kind of random as to whether they'll work and detect the changes or not, but aside from that its perfect.
lenfive ratingfive good graphic!best game ever !
lentwenty ratingfive you need to has a sharp eye to play this cause it will become very fast after a long time.
lentwentythree ratingtwo haven't played the game once since unplugging my phone after a full charge and somehow the game has used 11% of the battery!
lentwelve ratingone it stays on the imangistudios screen for a few seconds before closing.
lensix ratingone 1 star until i can actually play.
lentwentynine ratingtwo it looks like a good game but when i open it it crashes it just shows the letter i for imangi for about 20 seconds and then it force closes.
lenfive ratingtwo pleas update, samsung galaxy s 1 4g
lenfive ratingfive more cha ranging and fun
lentwenty ratingone when i open with my lg thrill i get the imangi studios icon like normal but then it closes down.
lennine ratingfive i personally think it's better than temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive its soo awasome !
lenthree ratingfive playing no rools
lenfive ratingone wont go past startup screan
lentwelve ratingfive difficult then the previous on e but will surely have more fun.
lenfive ratingfive it's a amazing game.
lensix ratingfive it's graphics are very attractive.
leneleven ratingfour its cool but its not as smooth as the first one
lenfour ratingthree will not save coins
lenfive ratingfive omg, so fun, love it!
lenfour ratingfive its very fun  bitches
lentwelve ratingthree is got glichse like you cant jump on hill side going up
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfour game was addictive. .
lenthirtyeight ratingfour when the guy was hanging and moving through the rope he didn't get back to the run path and instead was hanging in the rope for long time and finally fall down at a distance of 2 billion. .
lennine ratingfour and in stats it shows longest run is 2 billion. .
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lentwelve ratingfive is really good sequel, to one of my favorite time wasting game .
leneight ratingfive ty guys who make the game , 5* no doubt.
lensixteen ratingfour to be able to sign into facebook so u can compete against other people's score.
lenseven ratingfive it's really fun.definitely with downloading
lenseven ratingfive otherwise the game is very much sexy.
leneight ratingtwo this game will not open if it tries.
lenfour ratingtwo realy need some improvement.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game to pass the time when you are waiting on the bus
lenfour ratingthree it lags at times.
lentwentytwo ratingthree it's not sooo bad that it makes that game complety unplayable but o would really like it if they fix this.
lenseventeen ratingthree i know it's not my phone because i have played many other games that runs smoothly.
lensix ratingone continuously get error package file invalid.
lenfour ratingfour good controls and fun
lensix ratingfive sooooooooo goood way better than first
lentwelve ratingfive innovative game of the year.awesome graphics, awesome gameplay and outstanding funn.
lensix ratingfive more addictive than the first one.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour this game is my new favorite game however i think they should change all objectives to current so that way when you get one its already unlocked instead of not getting it because its a current objective
lenseventynine ratingone i have the sidekick i installed temple run 2 eager to play it but when i clicked it it came but got stuck on the loading screen i never got to play the game i still want to play the game i however will not uninstall temple run 2 so please fix this then it will have 5 stars so basialy it force closes at the sceen that pops up when u click temple run 2 in your app section of the phone.
lenthree ratingone im really angry.
lenseven ratingone ive been so excited for this game.
lennine ratingone but that stupid cave bit aint even on the s2.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i tried playing this, it says on the imagini studio screen and never got past that.
lennine ratingone it would take me back to my home screen.
lenthirty ratingfour i mean this game is awesome but it sorta just makes you mad after a while because, well at least for me,it like lags when im trying to turn.
lentwelve ratingfour so i do think they need to make the turns more faster
lentwentyeight ratingthree i would have read it 5 stars but every time i press save me button it exits the app it's really annoying and plus it wastes a gem
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great
lenseven ratingfive a great improvement to the first one
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive overall 10/10 for this game.there is minor lag on xperia miro, but acceptable!
lenthirteen ratingfive thank you for the back button fix but add a sensitivity option too!
lenthree ratingfive high score 10.4 million.
lenthree ratingfive exelent great game
lentwelve ratingone i tried 5 times it either says package file invalid or insufficient storage.
lenthree ratingone stopped working completely :/
lentwo ratingfive temple run
leneight ratingthree it looks amazing even on the lowest setting.
lentwentyfour ratingthree the game still picks up whatever direction your finger begins to move, so if you place your finger on the screen incorrectly you fail.
leneighteen ratingthree power ups are glitchy, they have caused many failures, especially when two are used together - running and running.
lentwelve ratingthree the game still takes too long to advance in the upgrade system.
lenten ratingfive i loved temple run 1 and now they have temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive i can't wait for temple run 3.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love this game alot it is much more better than temple run brave nd temple run 1 .
lennine ratingfive i dont find any bug on samsung galaxy note 2
lenfive ratingfour nice graphics nd good gameplay .
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lenfifteen ratingfour i give it five stars on the game itself, but there are a couple bugs.
leneight ratingfour like the game freezing and the turn accuracy.
leneleven ratingfour if those bugs are fixed i will give it five stars.
lenthirteen ratingthree temple run 2 is a good game but not better than the previous one.
leneleven ratingthree the view is not clear when the huge monster is chasing.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is better that the last one my favorite part is the cart
lenten ratingone it says "error dwnloading temple run 2 due to an error.(498)"
lenthree ratingone galaxy tab user.
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game
leneleven ratingone i just dloaded it coz my friends said it was great.
lensix ratingone with all the actions and scenes.
lentwentytwo ratingone played it for an entire hour so i earned 2,700 coins coz i liked it on fb and i follwed it on tweeter.
lenfourteen ratingone but suddenly when i finished a game i saw i only have around 532 coins!
lenthirtyone ratingone and i havent bought or upgraded anything yet :( i was really disappointed. ugh! im afraid to play again coz u might take what i have worked hard for :( please fix it. :(
lensixteen ratingfour love this game it's addictive exciting and colourful however it lags so much please fix.
lentwentynine ratingfour i would give it a 5 if it was a bit easier because it is too hard i think so please make that happen if there is a temple run 3
lenfive ratingfive this app is very amazing.
leneight ratingthree nice game but tilt response is sub par.
lenseven ratingthree also you cannot make the game silent.
lenfifteen ratingthree turning down sounds and music doesn't get rid of running noise or button taps.
leneight ratingthree menu system is not as fluid as original.
lenten ratingthree overall nice but i am really looking forward to upgrades.
lenseven ratingthree it good but sometimes lagging or stuck
lenfive ratingfour it has really nice graphics.
lenten ratingfive this is the best game ever played in the world.
lentwelve ratingfive i just jump sometimes when i'm playing it *^o^* *^o^* *^o^*
lenfour ratingfive dis game is da
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwenty ratingfour i like this because they have more features than the first temple run and its a fun game to play :)
lenten ratingthree if i get too far the game startd to "lag".
lenthree ratingthree its pretty annoying!
lenthirteen ratingfive a lot more twist and turns and new things added to this one
lentwo ratingfive mukul suri
lentwentyone ratingthree it cannot work on my android mobile phone whenever i want to open it it shows force close please fixed it.
lenfifteen ratingfive not really a fan of the way the achievements are handled but that's minor.
leneight ratingfour good as temple run one but lags significantly
lennine ratingtwo it's really buggy and lagges please fix soon
lenfourteen ratingfive enjoyed the first but the 2nd is really awesome nice graphics smooth and totally entertaining
leneleven ratingthree it way better than number one is also much more fun
lensix ratingfive it's the best addicting game
lennine ratingfive amazing game  beautiful graphics won't start up though
lenten ratingfive awesome game.great graphics.but little difficult compared to temple run1.
leneleven ratingfive excellent game with stunning graphics and with new futures than temple run1
lenseven ratingfour this game is great but definitely harder.
leneight ratingfour i just want to report a spelling error.
lensixteen ratingfour the objectives page says ojbectives when you go to the page with the goals on it
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome can't wait for # 3
lensixtyseven ratingone why becomes laggy when i change graphics from better to best?i have 1.5 ghz tegra 3 quadcore processor.another problem is it says 100 coin bonus in abilities power up when gem powered but it still gives 50 coin bonus.one more problem is i have already magnet power & if i take another magnet power it's not overriding it.means it stays time by the first magnet power.fix.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is a lot better than the original one.
lenfourteen ratingfive this one you can go on zip lines and a lot more other features.
lensix ratingfive amazing stuff, amazing graphic and theme.
lenfour ratingfive great app in general.
lenfive ratingone wont play on lg thrill
leneleven ratingfive a 5 star for it but takes a lot time to load
lensixteen ratingthree the game is gud bt it keeps on hanging in my s3.suddenly becomes irresponsive.plz fix
lenfour ratingfive awesome/cool/the best
lentwentytwo ratingfour it really good a bit more complicated then the first need i bit more work but other than that its really fun.
lenfour ratingfour i like dis shyt
lenfour ratingfive awesome i like it
lenthree ratingfive awesome awesome game.
lenthirtyone ratingfive at first, i thought it would just have better graphics, but it's actually a vastly improved game, with new powerups, new ways to travel, and other things, all for free.
lenthree ratingfive awesome stress buster :-)
leneight ratingthree it's not that bad of a game.
lennine ratingthree it's a little bit better that temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive marvelous game.
lenfive ratingfive fps shortage when on "best"
lensix ratingfive graphics but runs perfectly on "better".
lenten ratingfive awsome game love everything but upgrade only for one run.
lentwentynine ratingfive when i saw it on ios,i thought will it work on my dual work on my dual core phone with android as it is very high graphics game.
leneleven ratingfive but its runs smooth as butter on my phone   thanks imangi
lennine ratingfive this game has way better graphics than its prequel.
leneighteen ratingfive i love the fact that there's different obstacles you have to avoid than in the first one.
lensix ratingtwo freezes alot that f**king annoying
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
leneleven ratingfive much better graphics and way more fun then the first game.
lenten ratingfive this game is better than the first one & better graphics.
lentwentynine ratingone good game but takes way to much space like i said its a good game but to much space don't get it  slows down your phone or whatever
lenthirteen ratingone can't open the app if they fix it would be a 5 star
lentwentyfive ratingfive awesome game but found a bug on the achievement couch to 5k something close to that i have just over 6 and still won't mark it
lennine ratingfive just don't know the differences between the characters.
lentwelve ratingfive its a great game but the tilt sensitivity needs to be fixed
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenthree ratingfive vry gteat game
lentwentyone ratingthree its frustrating when i try to use my gems and i am about get a high score and the game freeze.
lennine ratingthree the old temple run game was never that way.
leneight ratingthree otherwise i would have given the game 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingfive its really good but it's hard too get a high score
lensix ratingfive id heard it wasn't brilliant.
lennine ratingfive i think its much more exiting than the first.
leneight ratingfive and some of the new environments are great :)
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
leneight ratingone it dosent even let me enter the game
lensix ratingone the game won't even open!
lenthirteen ratingone i clicked on it, then it starts to load and then goes off?
lennine ratingone i really don't understand why this happens, help?
lenfour ratingfive same as @michael tamer
lentwentyfour ratingfive it has everything the first had and more no reason not to download it an improvement would be the load time making it shorter
lensix ratingthree randomly glitched straight through the ground
lenfour ratingfive i loveee this game!
lenthree ratingfive its beyond awesome.
lenseven ratingfive its better than the regular temple run!
lenten ratingfour nice app.much better n improved.3 cheers to the developers.
lenfour ratingfive the game is great
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lenfifteen ratingfive it never freezes like the first one and it's much more of a challenge.
lenfive ratingfive waiting for temple run iii
lenfour ratingfive its a fun game
lenseven ratingone im sorry, but i dont know why.
leneight ratingone when i downloaded this game it didnt work.
lennine ratingone i installed it, deleted it and re installed it.
lentwo ratingfour 1) objective repeats.
lentwo ratingfour 1,00,00,000 lifetym metr.
lenfive ratingfour 2) require lot more tilting thn .
lenfour ratingfour lil diffcult to play.
lentwo ratingfour otherwise perfect.
lenthree ratingfive luv dis game.
lentwenty ratingfive this game is a hugee step up from the first one its just so much better than i could imagine!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive takes temple run legacy to a new level.
lentwentyseven ratingfour gameplay is a lot smoother ans varies more compared to the original temple run(curved paths, new obstacles) the only issue that i have is the color.
lenthirtyone ratingfour the colors of the ground and the edges of the path are the similar so i often can't tell which way to go because the colors become an indistinct blur.
leneight ratingfour but i have trouble moving sides to side
lentwelve ratingfour works grate and i like to play it wins got free time
lenfourteen ratingfour love the new design with the new zip line and mine cars and color.
lenfifteen ratingfour needa work on the turning kinda lacks on turning it makes it harder to turn
lenfour ratingfive i play on galaxy s2.
lennine ratingfive im thinking temple run is better at the moment.
lenten ratingfive all in all tho not a bad game at all.
lenseven ratingone does not work on my htc evo
lenfour ratingfive flawless is the word
leneleven ratingone i use and just doesnt load and force closes .very disappointing
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome and very challenging.
lenfour ratingfive it runs very smooth.
lenthree ratingfive an improveda version.
lenfive ratingfive its going to exceed 200 millions.
lenseventeen ratingfour enjoyed playing it but very frustrated when reaching a cliff edge and can't see the turn.
lenfour ratingfive the best running game
lentwelve ratingfive very addictive, time killer, nice graphic even on my entry level device
lensixteen ratingfive i'm having a problem with not being able to turn off the running "tap-tap"
lenseven ratingfive like said, really fun anda great sequel!
lenfour ratingfour i love the game!
lennineteen ratingfour it's alot better than the first one.the only thing that i can't stand is a glitch.
lentwentysix ratingfour sometimes when i use a "save me", the game shuts off and i lose my score, coins, and the gems i spent for the "save me".
lenfive ratingfive love this games so addictive
lenfifteen ratingtwo every time i try to use save me game crashes and i lose my gem.
lensix ratingtwo incredibly long load time as well.
lenthree ratingtwo prefer subway surfers.
lenseven ratingfive good but little trickery than temple run 1
lentwentytwo ratingfour it crashes to the home screen from time to time whenever i use a "save me", it just freezes then force closes.
leneleven ratingfour overall, it's a very nice sequel to the first one.
lensix ratingfour really impressive improvements to the game.
leneight ratingfive played the first temple run and loved it.
lennineteen ratingfive i was thinking this was going to be a minor improvement with the same gameplay but i was wrong!
leneighteen ratingfive they have managed to change so much without ruining the gameplay so i would recommend it to everyone.
lenthree ratingfive awe see ome
lennine ratingfour it's great tend to glitch at times tho
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfive it's so much better than temple run the graphics are better and it's all designed great
lensix ratingfive awesome game love the new features
lentwelve ratingfive it doesent let me play any more it jest shuts me down
lensixteen ratingfour to be able to sign into facebook so u can compete against other people's score.
lensix ratingfive much more fun than the original.
leneight ratingone the company pops up and then shuts off.
lensix ratingone i am using an lg thrill.
lennine ratingthree it takes forever to download please make it faster
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awsome
lenfourteen ratingfour i can't get very far before the screen like, stutters, and i die.
lennine ratingfour it aint betta den tha 1$t 1, but itz gravy!
leneleven ratingfive i love temple run and now temple run 2 is alot better
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original!
leneleven ratingthree is it just me or is this game a little unresponsive.
lenfortyfive ratingthree when i swipe to turn left it takes until my thumb is fully across the screen before he moves a good game but until theres someway to make it more responsive i dont feel like i can fully immerse myself like in the previous one.
leneight ratingfive such an upgrade from the first  temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive great content and lot of improvements seems better then the its predaser in every way.
lenfive ratingfive (did i spell that wrong)
lensixteen ratingfour nice game first time downloaded got stuck aftert playing for a while lets see this time
leneighteen ratingfive to me personally ilike this game on android and i have a galaxy s2 and the graphics are stellar !
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great.
leneight ratingfive runs smooth and is a great time waster.
lenfour ratingfive what a great sequel!
lenten ratingfive really entertaining , and you will be addicted to this game :)
lenseven ratingfive only thing is, other are purchasable gems.
lenthirtythree ratingfour i love the game on my tablet but i have been downloading the game on my for the past three hours and it still isn't finished,  besides from that i love it!
lenthree ratingfive coolist game ever
lenthree ratingfive a step ahead .
lenfive ratingfive awesom:-) a must hav game
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and background.
lennine ratingfive it's a great way to spend your time.
lensixteen ratingfour ipod had the game for a bit of time before us 4 stars for makein us wait
lenfive ratingfive very nerve racking and difficult!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingfive i loved the first and this one is just as great.
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics and smooth gameplay.
lentwentynine ratingfive i like it but in next update add nor people and maps please like the original  track and a winter track and add game mode like  the brave version
lensix ratingtwo it won't let me play :(
lentwo ratingfive great app
leneight ratingfive i like this game because i like temples
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive fun, addictive, hard to master, wonderful visuals.
lensix ratingone it freezes my phone every time.
leneight ratingtwo wayyyyyy better then the first way to go.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i've done everything on the old one now switchin to this one.
lenseven ratingtwo love the zipline and minecart awesome job.
lenfifteen ratingtwo would give 5 stars but takes over two days to get coins purchased with real money.
lensix ratingone installed the game, but doesnt open.
lenseven ratingfive one of the best game in world.
leneight ratingfive better than the original version love the graphics
lenfourteen ratingfour i had problems with temple run version 1 in my explorer .this version is nice !
lenthree ratingfour bit lagging though :)
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the only game i seem to like because is fun and addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive i recommend this to anyone who gets bored and wants something to do
lennine ratingfive good game hard but fun at the same time
lentwentyseven ratingfive no lag, adjustable visual quality, new navigation challenges, wider range of power ups,  this game has everything i could've asked for from imangi after temple run 1!
lennine ratingone it freezes upon opening and crashes and automatically closes.
lenthree ratingone (samsung galaxy tab p1000)
lentwentysix ratingfive its soooo cool really fun i thought normal temple run was good but this is amazing if u haven't got it you've never lived
lentwentyone ratingthree i love this game,  but on my phone it freezes way to much and messes up my vibe please fix this!
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooooo much
lenthree ratingfour fun but dissapointed
lensixteen ratingfour glitches aren't as common as they were and i can really enjoy the game now.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
leneight ratingone i cant dowlod this game to my phone .
lennine ratingone i i try saya thet i have a problem: (
lenten ratingfour this game was awsome thats all i have to say
lenseven ratingfive mto loko rodou normal - sony xperia p
lentwentynine ratingone i love temple run but when i try to open it on my motorola xprt it will go to the part where it says imangi studios and then crash.
lenthree ratingone time to uninstall
lenfour ratingfive freakin aw some halla
lentwo ratingfive wonderful gameeeeee!
lenfive ratingfive top game but prefer original
lensixteen ratingthree great game  but the second time i tried to get into it won't load fully.
leneight ratingone it doesn't work on the lg thrill
leneleven ratingthree this game lags so much it doesn't make any sense.
lentwentytwo ratingthree on the iphone this game runs sooo smoothly but on here it lags add skips too much to where it gets fustrating!
lenten ratingfive love this game i can't stop playing it! :l
lenseven ratingfive superb graphics and better than previous one.
lenseven ratingfive wow keep upgrading !very additive,thumbs up.
leneleven ratingfour really good graphics, i struggle with the contrast a bit though.
lenten ratingfour lots of awesome new features, the cart is hard though!
lenfour ratingthree nce enimation looks better
lentwo ratingfive great gameplay !
lensix ratingfive best android game besides angry birds
lenfour ratingfive fast pace,different scenarios.
lenfour ratingfour its hard, but addicting
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lensixteen ratingfour sometimes there is a little lag which is enough to prevent u to make a turn.
lensix ratingfour this is on my htc dna
lenfour ratingone the game wont start
lentwentytwo ratingthree the idea and looks are all aeesome but the game lags way too much, even with the visual all the way down.
lenthirty ratingthree and this ruins the experience being that i can beat my high scores due to the game lagging when im near an obstacle and i die rather than dodge it.
lensix ratingthree fix this and itll be 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive this is way better than temple run.
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi.
lenten ratingfour i good challenging game but there are still little errors.
lenseven ratingfour but overall it's a good game.
lensix ratingfour can't wait for temple run 3.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lennine ratingfour needs way more characters and thats pretty much it!
lenthree ratingfive this game rock
lenfourteen ratingfour surprised there aren't as many unlocks as the first one, but still great
lenten ratingfive this is the best evet game .recomand you to download.
lennine ratingthree can't see my highscores or anything like that.
leneleven ratingthree it says "score:          " and there's nothing there its just black.
lensix ratingthree please fix and ill give 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best games in the world better than the first one?!?!?
lenten ratingone just shows imangi studios logo and freezes, then app closes.
lensixteen ratingfive adcanced form of temple run2.bt to make high score is quite difficult wen  compared to temple run1.
lentwentysix ratingfour i like it but i tried to open it one time and it took forever then i found out it reset my data plase fix this
lenthirteen ratingfive great game temple run1 was okay but this game is awesome i'll give 5stars
lenfifteen ratingfive i really like the graphics and it's much more intereating than the first one!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, certainly improves on temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game if you're bored or trying to avoid doing your paper.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is a game where all ages can have a challenge and entertain themselves
lenseventeen ratingone will not work on samsung infuse :(      goes to imangi studios screen and then shuts off.  please fix!
lentwo ratingfive amazing ui
lennine ratingfive this game has ziplines giant monkeys and all this.
lentwo ratingfive crazy stuff
lentwo ratingfour great app!
lenfour ratingfour maybe some more gamemodes!
lensix ratingfive i've found no bugs yet.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so addictive so far my high score is 3 million
leneleven ratingone soon as i open this app, it straight away force closes!
leneleven ratingone not impressed, either fix this or i'm uninstalling the app.
leneighteen ratingfour it fun but some what harder to play with the new graphs i also like the new feature
leneleven ratingfour but it's freeze and glitch sometimes but overall great game
lenthirtyeight ratingthree this game is an awesome one but i still find a big problem in the game.as i play the game and as it finishes the game just stops automatically and then i have to restart the game.!
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lennine ratingfive it's absolutely fantastic game.love it a lot
lennine ratingfive very addicted nd his graphics is to gud guyz.
lenfour ratingfive dwnld fast nd enjoy.:-)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game !.
lentwelve ratingfive wow i didn't expect the new one to be like this.
leneleven ratingfive this has to be the greatest game i have ever played!
lenthirteen ratingone it starts up on imangi studios then freezes and goes back to hime.
lentwentyseven ratingone tried reinstalling about 10 times same thing happens although temple run 1 works perfectly fine i would rate if it actually works has anyone got a solution for me ?
lenten ratingone with in 10 mins play , it freezed my phone three times.
lenten ratingone i had to force close and restart couple of times.
lensix ratingfive this is so cool ilove it
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is really addicting i don't care what others try to say.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i play call of duty all the time and sometimes it's just good to play an easy and relaxing game like this one!
lenfive ratingfive go hard or go home
leneleven ratingfive it's better the temple run (the first one) but, harder.
lenseven ratingfive best game even better than sub surfers
lenfive ratingfive pitfall called you guys out.
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent response.
lentwenty ratingfour little bit confusing trying to figure out how the powerups and upgrades work but other than that it is awesome!
lenfourteen ratingfive didn't think the first one could be topped but you pulled it off!
lentwentyfive ratingfour i absolutely love the game but there are so many things that goes on that i do not know whether they are errors or not.
lentwentyone ratingfour but a big problem is the rendering, it's sometimes really slow and can slow the game just for a millisecond.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's not a very big problem it just helps the game run smoother.
lentwelve ratingfour i'll give full ratings when this and other problems are fixed.
lentwentytwo ratingfour this is a very good game but the sensitivity of the gravity sensor motion in the game should be fixed by developer.
leneleven ratingfive ohh maza aa geya oye phele naloon vi vadia game aa 22
leneight ratingthree good, takes a lomg time to load though.
lenseven ratingfive amazing fun game i love playing it
lenten ratingfour it's graphics are great but i keep losing coins.
lenseven ratingthree can't tweet my score, kept crashing.
lenfive ratingfive just upgrade from temple run 1.
lennineteen ratingfour i love this game, but all of a sudden second day i got it it was randomly killing me?!?
lentwenty ratingfour i wouldn't even touch the screen and it would go to the side and the monkey would eat me!
lentwentyone ratingone i download the game and it only shows loading and the game turns off and exit.really annoying please fix it.
lentwo ratingfive great game .
leneleven ratingfive great graphics , much more challenging , i love it n u will 2
lenthirty ratingfour its good but i've noticed i keep losing coins when i don't even spend them and it's getting really annoying bc i can never upgrade my abilities.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneight ratingfive this game is brilliant, plus the exellent graphics.
lensix ratingfive love it can't stop playing
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lensix ratingfive amazing game!.like the new interface!.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenseven ratingfive nice game really fun and nice graphics
lennineteen ratingone doesnt work very well and really slow serious never download this the tilt is slow and and crashes alot
lenseven ratingfive tnku so much for launchng temple run 2.?
leneight ratingfour sometimes it doesn't awipe but its cool
leneleven ratingfive itz excllnt bt temple run 1 ws outstanding.hats off to tat
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive seriously best game by far!
lenthree ratingfive gooooooooooooooood love it.
lentwo ratingfive great imade 1,393,596
lenthirteen ratingfour well the games runs with lags on galaxy w. playable but not always.
lenthirteen ratingfour second, its sensivity when tilting is not as smooth as the previous version.
leneight ratingfour still a little biased towards the older one.
lenseventeen ratingfour but this has the potential (few tweaks) to surpass the rather high standards set by the predecessor.
leneight ratingfour feels a little laggy at times, hence only 4*
lennine ratingthree alot of the times when i resurrect it crashes.
lennine ratingthree the score doesnt save or any objectives i get.
lenthree ratingthree really fun game
lentwentyseven ratingtwo great game but crashes when i use save me 2 or more times after taking my gems also lag is terrible even with visual quality on poor-droid 4
lennine ratingfour its more harder then part one and different obstacles
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingfive this temple run is a huge improvement from the last one.
lentwo ratingthree downloading  / installing
lenfourteen ratingfour it's really good i like it.it's way better then the 1st one
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so fun i don't want to stop playing it
leneleven ratingfour way better than the first one, i'm enjoying it much !
lenthree ratingfour very addicting game .
leneight ratingfour but a tiny bit laggy for my phone.
lenfive ratingfive its better than temple run
lenfortysix ratingone i always give this game 5 but the screen is too big for my phone by tht i mean tht i can't really play on my lg optimus l3 e400 i cant see anything and words are joined together all words are connected to each other please fix.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i found the game unable to live up to the expectation that i had following temple run 1 overall a very unsatisfying expience
lenfourteen ratingfive i freaking love this game to death my kids be on it all day
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the 2nd best game i've ever played with mcpe the best
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
leneleven ratingone whenever i start the game up it crashes immediately please fix
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lensixteen ratingfive it's so cool you can do stuff you can't do on the first one.
lenfourteen ratingfour great game, tends to be slow on my tab 10.1 when set to high graphics.
lenseven ratingfive awesome graphics, no lags, very addictive game
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lenthree ratingfive awesome addictive game!
lenthirteen ratingfive better than d previous one people at imangi studios u rock seriously! :) cheers!
lenfive ratingtwo the game glitches so bad
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so much better than temple run 1., i love it!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour i like this game better than the first one.
lentwelve ratingthree i like the game its just not as good as the first.
leneleven ratingfive brilliant game but the tilting could be more sensitive (galaxy tab 2 7")
lensixteen ratingfive nice this game kick butt compared to the first just needs to slow down a bit
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive i love it now i can't stop playing with it lol :)
lenthirteen ratingone everytime iput it in best quality it force closes when i launch it.
leneight ratingfour it lags a lot when i am running.
leneighteen ratingfour also when i pause the game and resume, my character goes super fast and then hits an obstacle.
lennine ratingfour fix these problems and then i will rate 5 stars.
lentwo ratingone uninstall time.
lennine ratingthree often creates cliff drop of point from straight path.
lenseven ratingthree sharper on  android than my ipad though.
leneight ratingfive its so much better than the 1st temple run.
lensixteen ratingfive i like how u actually go over lumps in the road and u turn a little.
lensix ratingfive fad hai boss fad wk dim
lenthree ratingfive so muck better
lenfourteen ratingtwo this game is just like the first temple run just a couple of differences.
lenfourteen ratingfive has some glitches but other than that it's very addictive and very fun!
lenfour ratingfive awsome in the cart
lennine ratingthree whenever i use a gem while dying , it works .
lentwenty ratingthree but when i am about to die in the game , i pay 2 gems , but then it brings me to home .
lenfourteen ratingfour does not work on htc desire it loads up and then its closes down
lentwo ratingfive vs. lg
leneighteen ratingfour i've had coins go missing and it won't turn when i slide it graphics r cool
lenthirtyone ratingfive its way better than the first but when i first started i could turn well or slide so i deleted it then it started running smoothly again now its easier now
lenfifteen ratingfive the most fun game of the year i think and i would absolutly reccomend it !
lenseven ratingfive this is an awesome fun addictive game
lenfour ratingfive no bugs great graphics
lensixteen ratingfive this really is just what i have been waiting for in the graphics of temple run
lentwo ratingfive absoloutly brilliant
leneight ratingfive heel leuk alleen soms loopt hij vast :p
lentwentysix ratingtwo lags on best visual quality and at the objective gold miner and circumnavigator this shows 2 2 but one is on  but the other one stops please fix
lenfive ratingfive it's a kool game
leneleven ratingfour it's good but not as goods the oll temple run
lenfive ratingfive awsome are my only words
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is so fun to play
lenfive ratingfive i loved it, so addictive!
leneighteen ratingfive much better than the original and hopefully they can update this one to keep it addictive and fun.
lentwelve ratingfive i played the first one over 1500 times since i've downloaded it.
lenthree ratingfive call it addiction.
lentwentyseven ratingthree it a good game but when you play it 1 day then you stop and play it the next  it stop the 2 day that wat suck about it
lentwo ratingfive nice update.
lensix ratingfive a delight like da former one.
lenthree ratingfive wow harder than 1
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are the bomb.
lennine ratingfive well producted every thing is so smooth and fluent!
lenfive ratingfour great sequel to temple run.
lensix ratingfour better graphics, smooth and new features.
lenfourteen ratingfour if i'm playing and i get a call, ideally the game should pause.
lentwenty ratingfour however that doesnt happen and it restarts.this is a minor issue and should be resolved in the next update
lentwo ratingfive estas bueno
lenthirteen ratingfive finallythey came outwith temple run 2 its so addicted i cant stop play it
lenfourteen ratingtwo i love all the new stuff its just to much and makes it laggy
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lentwentyseven ratingone wouldn't open for my phone i have played it before on a friends and loved it but i want it on mine but won't open
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game.but not good for samsung touchscreen as compared to iphones
lenseven ratingone i cant open the game at all
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lennine ratingfive this was a total upgrade to the first one.
lenseven ratingfive you r going to want this app.
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome and vetter than the first one
lenfiftyfive ratingthree overall the game is great.love the new features.but the worst thing is,after some time it cleared my progress.i played for hours many times, but it cleared all my progress.but then i got it.when u try to improve the graphic quality, it will never start again.so pleeeaasee fix this!
lenten ratingthree also sometimes when i press'save me'the game stops!
lenthree ratingfive mast hai bantay
lenthirteen ratingfour sometimes when i swipe to turn or jump, it won't do it.
lenseven ratingfour nice game but makes my phone crash
leneight ratingfive this game is good to the original game!
lenfive ratingone i have the samsung galaxy s1.
lentwentyeight ratingone i click the app and then it goes to the part where it shows imangi studios and then after a while it just goes to my home screen.
lenfifteen ratingfive its good .the graphics are more detailed.but that sort of takes away the fun.
leneight ratingfive temple run was fun cuz of its simplicity.
lenten ratingfive the graphics is better than tample run1, you must try it!
lenfourteen ratingfive its just  b e a s t ! p.s ive alredy gt 10 million legit
lenfourteen ratingfive needs some tweaking and i want the resurrection wings back even with the gems.
leneighteen ratingfive i wish there were swimming and sky diving sections like survival run, o week maybe temple run 3 lol.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfortytwo ratingthree using gems to upgrade powers doesn't work right, using gems to continue occasionally crashes the game, you can't pick up a power when an identical one is active, and boost throw you off ledges almost every time after a rope.
lennine ratingthree i suggest saving your gems until this is fixed.
lensixteen ratingthree and don't bother upgrading coin magnet, you now have to pay for double value coins.
lenfive ratingthree still a solid game though.
leneleven ratingfive i loved the first one but the second one is better: )
lensix ratingfive tgis game is the freaking best!
lenfive ratingone unfortunately i cant download it .
lensix ratingone it said error . :( why this happen ?
lentwentyone ratingtwo game freezes my phone and i cant ever get past the first jump because it lags so much its not responsive .
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is so far better than the first one.
lensixteen ratingfive i like it because some of it seems like indiana jones when ur in the cart.
leneleven ratingfive secondly it good because you go zip lining in the beginning.
lensix ratingfive so you should download the game
leneleven ratingfive the game runs perfectly on my sony xperia active as well !
lenfive ratingfive et av de beste spillene.
lennine ratingfive amazzzzzzzzingggg game , gr8 graphics ndsurely the best game on android.
lensix ratingone worked fine for about a day.
lenten ratingone now it won't even open on my droid charge.
lenthree ratingone so fun sarcastic
lensixteen ratingfive oh my god it came out on google play its so amazing god i love you!
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenseven ratingfive once you start you can't stop.
leneight ratingfive good game remember to turn your graphic high
leneleven ratingfive great graphics, smooth frame rate and an awesome game play experience.
lentwentysix ratingfive addicted to temple run 1, temple run brave, & now temple run 2, i hope that there will be many more versions in the future as i looooove them :))
lentwenty ratingthree i tried to upgrade my powerup and it took away 2 gems instead of one and it only lasted one game!
lentwo ratingthree thanks alot.
lenseven ratingthree the tilt sensitivity could be improved too.
lenthree ratingthree mediocre effort imangi.
lenthirtysix ratingfive its awesome really liked it full of entertainment.just want admin to make lil bit slow coz it start running fast than the previous version.otherwise its a really time pass game loved it.total 5 stars.
lensix ratingfour it's a neat temple run!
lenthirteen ratingfour one bug i found so far was that the objectives tend to repeat.
leneleven ratingfour i got two at the same time "to score lifetime 1,000, 000 points.
leneleven ratingfour "ok, i thought, i can hit two birds with one stone.
lenthirtyone ratingfour but, as i progressed, i noticed that one was updated while the other wasn't. i even got the points and one of them got complete, whereas the other did not :/.
lenfifteen ratingfour please have it resolved, so i can get my objectives completed at a faster pace.
lenfive ratingfour then i'll give 5 stars.
lensix ratingfour thanks again for this wonderful game.
lenseven ratingfive runs very smooth on highest graphics setting
lentwo ratingfive amazing xx
lenthree ratingfive its soooo fun
lenfourteen ratingtwo sucks, made it too complicated for a simple game, part 1 is still the best.
lenseven ratingfour it gets you thought the boring times
lenthirtytwo ratingfour when youre on a boost powerup and it ends when you are on a sliding rope the boost effect never stops, and its almost instant death once you get off of it.
lenfive ratingfour other than that, great game.
leneleven ratingone by far the worst app i had to delete & download 3 times!
lenten ratingone it just says imagi & hoes back to the home screen.
lenfifteen ratingfour it is an awesome game with great graphics but the controls are a little touchy.
lensixteen ratingfour it doesnt turn when i turn all the time, and it doesnt let me jump properly.
lenten ratingfour overall good game but just needs to be less touchy.
lentwenty ratingfour was epic but now when dying and pressing skip, bugs and i cant press anything and the screen goes blurry
lentwo ratingfour tough money
lenseven ratingfive awesome game way better than the first!
lenfive ratingone i really enjoy this game.
leneight ratingone it is a great improvement over the original.
lenfifteen ratingone i made an in-app purchase on thursday and it has still not shown up.
leneleven ratingone i have been charged but the items don't show up.
lentwelve ratingone i have sent emails to the dev and they haven't responded.
lenthirteen ratingone if they get it resolved this game would get a much higher rating.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game .
lennine ratingfive loved d first one.this one is even better
lennine ratingfive the first one was ok but this is amazing!
lenthree ratingfive im totally hooked.
lenten ratingfive great way to make a good fun game even better.
lenthree ratingfive temple 2 is great
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenseven ratingfour this game is better than the 1st one.
lenthree ratingfour its simply awesome.
leneight ratingfour there are many different abilities and power ups.
lensix ratingfour missing the triple coin in magnets.
lennineteen ratingfour it runs better than temple run 1 in my galaxy s. these are the list of some bugs and suggestions.
lenfive ratingfour please add a sensitivity option.
lenseven ratingfour please fix the powerup upgrade using gems.
lensix ratingfour also powerups don't add up.
lentwentyeight ratingfour when taking a magnet and taking a second one near the end of the lifetime of first magnet, the 2nd one doesn't add to the time at all.
lenfourteen ratingfour same when using powerup by double tapping and taking the same powerup while running.
lenseven ratingfour game crashes when we get a call.
lenfifteen ratingfour when clicking on save me, 50% of the time it works and other times it crashes.
lenfourteen ratingfour crashes are more frequent when using save me multiple times in a single run.
lentwentyfive ratingfour (max i have gone upto 3 working save mes, min zero.) also when crashing, coins, score, objectives are all lost, but the gems are used up.
lenthirteen ratingfour i hope these problems are fixes really soon as they are very annoying.
lennine ratingfour aside from these bugs, its definitely a 5 star game.
lenseven ratingfour but i think graphics improvment was needed
lentwentynine ratingfour yo you guys should deff make like temple run three and the guy has to run and hes in a buliding and hes trying to get out of it.
lensix ratingfour and there should be multiplayer option
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenfive ratingfive i love it soo much.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game
lenfour ratingfive play it every day
lenfourteen ratingfive this is way harder than the first one but it's fun and challenging.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingfour this is amazing but when it says 2 gems and you press it then it says u have none
lenseven ratingone very addictive but has clot of glitches
leneleven ratingone i can't get it to download says error any ideas?
leneight ratingfour its very nice.im enjoyd planing this game.
leneleven ratingfive am able to score better here than in the first one. :)
lenfive ratingfive very interesting and adventures game
lenfive ratingfive 10 times better than the original.
lentwelve ratingfive graphics and upgrades are better and the addition of gems is genius.
lentwentytwo ratingfive nice game ever though i didn't get it i pkayed it on my friends phone as and its hard but cool
lenfifteen ratingthree there is a bug where it crashes when you try to use a save me.
lenfifteen ratingthree it loses the progress of your run but it subtracts a gem from your stash.
lentwelve ratingthree i think this started after i upgraded my save me gem count.
leneight ratingthree other then that i really love the game!
lentwelve ratingone i get even get 2 dha game fix it fix it fix it
lenseven ratingfive it outperforms the first in every category.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfour buffers a bit
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive difficult but great
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing
lentwenty ratingfour instead of the angel wings they created a gem system where you collect gems that give you an extra life.
lenthirteen ratingfour 50% of the time though you cant see the gems and dont get them.
lentwentysix ratingfour and the game cannot be played with out tilting the phone, which can be annoying when you are in public or your leaning to one side.
lennine ratingfour best game ive ever played on a phone before
lentwelve ratingthree i've played this on my girlfriend's iphone and loved it!
lenten ratingthree however it won't even start on my samsung infuse 4g.
lensix ratingthree it flashes the logo and freezes.
lenten ratingthree my stars will go up as the game gers fixed
lensix ratingfive addicting and feels good to progress.
lenfour ratingfive my girlfriend and compete.
leneight ratingfive great time waster but not good for relationships!
lenthree ratingone check your code!
lenten ratingone something about gem calculations, i collected 8 gems, after the crash -8.
lennine ratingone and need to collect 8 just to complete the minus!
lenfifteen ratingfive good game.but mission is very hard.please make it little easy to complete mission.
lennine ratingone it wont work.doesnt even go to the gameee):
lennine ratingfive fun & a great time-waster.but can prove addictive.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenseven ratingfive i cannot play but i like it
leneighteen ratingfive i like the game and all but i kinda like the first one more because it's darker.
lenfive ratingfive but the gameplay is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive great addicting fun and graphics!
lenthirtyfour ratingthree if u press the back button in android while u die and then u play a second game u will be glitches at the star of the game and have to restart the game
lenthree ratingfive one word ; better
lenthree ratingfive awsome very addivtive
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game but it freezes my phone a lot.see if you can fix it.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet
lensix ratingfive this game is fun to play
lentwentysix ratingfive playing temple run 2 is allowing me to enjoy the first temple run more, because i didn't know about power ups and upgrades until i played tr2.
lenseventeen ratingfive from the first game, i miss being able to complete objectives that aren't displayed the most.
lentwentysix ratingfive temple run may be the better game but temple run 2 is better laid out and more friendly, making it better overall and winning it five stars.
lensix ratingfive great graphics, very fluid, enjoyable, addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfive a massive improvement on the original and quite possibly the best game on the market.
lensix ratingfive love the new vehicles and upgrades
lenthirtyone ratingfive the first is good but the second, ho its way better, because its very exhilerating, and it also has new obstacles like ridding through the mines and sliding on the rope.
lenthirtyone ratingfive how exciting is that, you know it makes me wonder about the next temple run is coming, and you know what what if there will be ever the next temple run.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive everything looks good on this game but as with 1st temple run the tilt doesn't work despite what i tried or was suggested which is why i'm only giving it 3 stars.
lensix ratingfive it's so addicting thanks guys :)
lentwo ratingfive super addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfour sometimes while jumping on bridges i fly off uncontrollably other than that awesome
lenthirteen ratingthree it's alittle bit harder then the first one but i enjoyed it
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run :-)
leneleven ratingfour very nice but idk why i still prefer playing temple run 1 :-(
leneighteen ratingtwo i think too much of an effort has been made here, due to the rush releasing the product.
lensixteen ratingtwo causing some glitches to occur, additionally the movement when playing the game is a little odd.
lensix ratingthree the game could have better animation.
lenten ratingthree i think that the first one was easier to control.
lenseven ratingthree the tilting is a lot harder to.
lensix ratingfour cool game i like the improvements
lenfour ratingfive great game, download it.
lennineteen ratingfour the only problem i have is the menu. -.- it's black and doesn't show pictures or my stats.
lensix ratingfive graphics are amazing n very addictive.
lennine ratingfive great game to play when your bored clean out :)
lenten ratingone i can't play it like wtf i downloaded it
lenthirteen ratingfive i hated how plain and boring temple run was but this its fantastic
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only problem is the graphics are too much, maybe its only my gadget but the effects are a bit too much for me.
lentwo ratingfour thanks.xo
lentwelve ratingfive this game is a whole lot funner than the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingthree it was a great game bit with far to meany glitches in it
leneleven ratingfive i have yet to play it but i already love it!
lensix ratingfive this is a really nice game.
lennine ratingfive the first one is a really nice game to.
lentwentyfive ratingfive the way that they made the second part and made it look diffrent many people are going to play it and enjoy it a lot.
lenseven ratingfive luv it funnier than the first one!
leneleven ratingfour i love the game it has great graphics and good quality.
lentwentysix ratingfour but i would like if you would be able to replace the tweet button with a share button that give the chose between facebook and tweeter
lentwentythree ratingone on my htc one x, this game is so slow that i cannot make it past 30,000 pts before it glitches and i die.
lensix ratingfive nice game.i like this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive i love the vrapbics on it and the minecart thing.
lensix ratingfour good uplift to a fun game.
leneight ratingfive excellent game just as the first one was.
lentwelve ratingfive just ne careful because u will find urself playing this game everyday!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive like this game very much!
lenthree ratingfive addictive and challenging.
lentwentyone ratingfive but i have to tilt my phone sideway and it is hard to me to do that, add settings for sensitivity
lenthree ratingfive absolutely brilliant game.
lenthree ratingfive fun new twists.
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing
lentwelve ratingfive really fun game a couple issues here and there but love it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive great update to the original
lenseven ratingfive the tilt needs a lil work though.
lenthree ratingfive silky smooth too.
leneleven ratingfive wish more racing games are this smooth with this kinda detail.
leneight ratingfive gr8 with the nexus 7 beautiful and very easy game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive great time waster
lenthree ratingfive awesome so addictive
lennine ratingthree has had work put in it but needs improvement.
lenseventeen ratingthree would b better if u can complete objectives in any order rather than jus 3 at a time.
lenten ratingthree th sheild should give u protection against waterfall as wel.
lentwentyfour ratingthree an the thin ledge sometimes appears too quick around a corner or on top of a hill an u dont get much reaction time.
lentwentyfive ratingthree lastly th monster chases u for too long once u trip up an when u jump up it blocks ya view ahead while it jumps.
lenthirteen ratingfour it's rar better than the first one anyway and a better background.
lenthirteen ratingone this game is bad it wont let u move from side to side!
lenthirteen ratingone i thought they could do better but this is just a bad app
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it.
leneleven ratingfive me an my family play it all the time woop woop
lenfifteen ratingthree good graphics but the only issue i have it that it clitches and i die
lentwo ratingfive prettyy goodd .!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i really love the new graphics and everything but the tilting in the game needs to be a little bit more sensitive because it's tilting right now is not that good.
lenthree ratingone love this game.
lenseventeen ratingone played it on iphone but it force closes every time i open it on my samsung infuse.
lentwo ratingfive great great
lensix ratingone force closes every time i die.
lenseven ratingone and sometimes when i open the app.
lentwo ratingfive finger crack ?
lentwo ratingfive goooood gaaaaame.
lennine ratingone but playing this makes my phone lag really badly
lentwenty ratingone i've downloaded it multiple times and it still doesn't load can't play at all lg thrill android
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive especially the view cause i love nature!
lenten ratingtwo keep force stoping thats why im giving it a two
lenseven ratingfour very addictive but a little jumpy sometimes
lenfive ratingfive its amazing and so addictive:)
lensix ratingfive so much better than temple run!
lenfifteen ratingone it wont even open on my phone it just closes its self without saying anything.
lenfive ratingone totally not worth the download
lenfortytwo ratingfour the game is good i like the way they put the power ups and the ropes in but i personally think they've put to much in the game at once and it sometimes gets confusing, and too much is going on.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lenfive ratingfive best game fun to play
lensixteen ratingfive great game but wish there were different levels but unlock them by reaching a certain distance
lenthree ratingfive omg omg omg
lenfourteen ratingfive slight glitch here and there but overall the game is a ton of fun.
lenten ratingfour the game is way to fun but it lags alot!
lenten ratingfive it's ok but.so u guys need 2 change it.
lenthirteen ratingfive omg i enjoyed temple run 1 but am now playing temple run 2 every day
lentwenty ratingfive the second temple run is just as highly addicting as the first & it's a slight better in someways too.
lennine ratingfive the pace and intencity  of this game is spontanious.
lensix ratingfive overall i rate this a 5 star.
lenthree ratingfive excellent excellent game!
lenfive ratingfive one of my favorite game!
leneight ratingfour nicee gamee, but it crashes periods of timee,
lensix ratingtwo i love the new temple run.
lenfifteen ratingtwo however, the coins i earn during a run are not being added to my total.
lennine ratingfive the game is indefinitely better than the last one
lenfourteen ratingfive i'll give it a 5 its one of the best app i ever played
lenfiftyone ratingone every time i try starting it up it takes about 10 seconds loading and its crashes down my friend has the game and i have tried but i would love to have it work on my phone instead of me having to ask her to let me play during our class together
lentwo ratingfive nss game
leneleven ratingfive this game has great graphics and a giant monkey chase you.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentythree ratingthree don't know if it's my phone or the game,  but the game lags at times and makes it hard to play
lenseven ratingfive great game very interesting i love it
lensix ratingthree in general the game is great.
lenfour ratingthree love it to death.
lentwentytwo ratingthree but there has been a couple of times where i've accumulated a certain amount of coins in games and and died.
lenfiftyone ratingthree i exit out of the game do something else and come back to the game and the coins i had after i died are no longer there and it's like i have to keep restarting a whole new game which did not happen on the first version of this game.
leneight ratingthree please fix so my coin count will stick.
lensixteen ratingthree i also have a galaxy note 2 and would love to be able to adjust the sensitivity.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirtytwo ratingthree temple run is good, i know from playing on other devices, but on my tablet it will not let me tilt to get coins, but when i play other games it works.
lenthree ratingfive really nice game.
lensix ratingfive installed on all of my devices.
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run two is a fun fast paced game that i think is better than the first.
lensix ratingfive it's really fun and addicting!
lentwo ratingfive excellent gam
lentwelve ratingfour 1)if u slide to early you'll come up under the obstacle.
lenfourteen ratingfour 2) if u jump to late between gaps you fall through the map and die.
lenfifteen ratingfour 3) power ups will be placed up hills so when u jump u cant reach them.
lensix ratingfour 4) the monkey goes through the hills.
lenseven ratingfour 5) the sensitivity could be better or adjustable.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game
lenthirtyseven ratingone i have been downloading and deleting this game for 3 days and i can't make it work on my android i love it on my tablet but it just doesn't want to work on my phone
lennine ratingthree my s3 has no problems with anything except this game.
lentwenty ratingthree i love temple run, but i can't get anywhere in this one because the frame skips make turning impossible.
lenthirteen ratingfive would have loved it if there were more scenes in the background though.
lenfive ratingfive far better than first game
lentwo ratingthree temple run 2
lensix ratingthree the coin collection just drops constantly.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is alot better than the first one the graphics are better it runs smoother and it's a lot more fun.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the other one was annoying because it kept glitching with this one doesn't which is a huge score in my opinion
lenfive ratingfive brilliant, can't stop playing!
lenfour ratingthree needs a calibration update.
lenfifteen ratingthree i have to turn my phone way to much to get the guy to move.
lenfive ratingthree tr1 still better in my book.
lenthree ratingfour great love the game111
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome i love it!
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for making it free.
lentwentyone ratingfive i love going in the mine cart so fun  i don't care that it take a few minutes to download
lenthirtyfive ratingfive love it.it's nice and smooth love how this it totally different from the last keep up the good work:) ps.if you didn't like the first one still try there totally different
lensix ratingfour another fun addictive temple run game.
lenthirteen ratingfour can be a bit laggy at times so doesn't respond to swipes.
lenfourteen ratingone it'll download and install fine, but then hasn't been able to open
lentwo ratingfour mac daddy
lenfifteen ratingfive it is so much fun better than the first one and it has better graphics
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthirteen ratingfive can't wait to play, played before on friends phones and i pods.
lensix ratingfive this is larry z's son.
lentwentyfive ratingone everytime i try to play the game it plays the music but then it closes on its own please fix this a.s.a.p
lenseventeen ratingtwo it crashes everytime i die it just freezez then i cant play anymore please fix this issue
lennine ratingfive i love this game its so addicting and awesome
lenten ratingfive could you please add more characters in the future. :-d
lenfourteen ratingfour i think that it is much much much better then the old temple run!
leneight ratingfour i am almost addicted to it now haha!
lenseven ratingfour i love every bit of it except.
lentwentytwo ratingfour when i try to play it on my tablet it always and i mean always freezes up could you fix that please?
leneleven ratingfour but i have other electronics to play it on but thanks!
lensix ratingfive game is just fantastic and fast
lennineteen ratingtwo i don't have a very good phone but i think if it's downloadable, it should work fine.
lentwelve ratingtwo i liked the game but please add support for more handsets too.
lenfour ratingfive really fun and addicting
leneight ratingfour its like the best game ever ,,, its awesome!
lenseven ratingone it shuts down everytime i open it!
lennine ratingone it just buzzes a few times then goes away.
lenthirty ratingthree it was fun at first a little lag and bad tilt sensitivity then my phone automatically updated it now it crashes when i try to play it fix it plzzz
lenfive ratingone keeps saying "invalid file url" !
lenthree ratingone won't install.
lenten ratingfour it is a lot more better than the first one.
lenseven ratingfour theyve added more features that are fun.
lentwelve ratingfive the game is great, been playing the first one till this update.
lentwentyeight ratingfive but you could u improve on the sensitivity, cuz i'm having a hard time collecting coins on the sides as i have to turn my phone vertically.
lensix ratingfive doesnt happen in the first version.
lenthree ratingfive amazing love it
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics and super fun
lensixteen ratingfive great game all around great graphics on thing it needs is more characters that's it
lennineteen ratingone wouldn't play loads hp the screen for the app then doesn't get past that and shuts off .
lentwentyone ratingfive it`s more fun then the first temple run but a little bit more hard nut its a relly fun game
lenthree ratingfive love dis game.
lenfour ratingfive highly addicted to it.
lensix ratingtwo this won't go full screen?
lenthree ratingfive beast game ever
leneight ratingfive the graphics are amazing, the game is challenging.
lenfour ratingfour better on the iphone.
lenthirteen ratingfive the best game out in app store is not a waste trust me
lensix ratingfour wont let me download says, error
leneleven ratingfive excellent!totally luv this game way more awesome than the first!
lentwo ratingfour excellent game.
leneleven ratingfour temple run 1 used to lag a lot on my galaxy note 1.
lentwentyseven ratingfour only glitch is that i can't turn off the sound of the foot steps and its still not as smooth as it is on the iphone
leneighteen ratingthree not bad the graphics are a lot better than the first 1 but the tilt sensitivity need something done.
lenseven ratingone i wish there was a dislike button!
lenfour ratingone won't even download!
lenfourteen ratingone i was so looking forward to this game and then it said "error file"
lenseven ratingone and ugh , pleaseee fix it. - samsung galaxy s2
lensixteen ratingthree i have a samsung exhibit and it lags a bit but other than that great game.
lenfifteen ratingfive didn't think that they could make it better but they did love this game
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the biggest mistake people make after designing a hit game (or whatever they make or desin) is that they do not add to the awsomeness to take it to the next level.
lenfour ratingfour they instead redisign it.
lenfourteen ratingfour which takes away from what made the game a hit in the first place.
lennine ratingfour again, its a great game, but a poor sequal.
lenfourteen ratingfive amazingly smoother than the 1st one great job runs great a must play free game !
lenfour ratingone really need more improvement
leneleven ratingfour i dont like running game actually.but.this one is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive way better than expected
lentwo ratingthree cool game
leneleven ratingfive i 'm enjoying this game just as much as the original.
lennineteen ratingfive was in love with temple run for the graphics and the gameplay and temple run 2 continues the same trend!
lenfive ratingone wont work on my phone!
lenfifteen ratingone this sucks i was really exited about this game and now i can't play :(
lensix ratingfive nice graphics and good quality background.
lennine ratingfive gives a sense of excitement when you play it .
lenten ratingfive temple run was fun but temple run 2 is way better
lennine ratingfive my lil' sis and i r trying it out
lenten ratingone the game opens but when i click on it freezes
lenseven ratingfour very unique among the other running games!
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenthirteen ratingthree really like temple run 2 except for the fact that my coins keep disappearing.
lenfifteen ratingthree total of 18,000 have been taken already and ive only had the game for three days
lensixteen ratingfive lots of fun and can't wait for updates and would like to have more characters.
lenfifty ratingfour this is an excellent sequel,great graphics and same fast paced gameplay but it needs some fine-tuning.more responsive controls especially tilt function,a senstivity option,make the monkey less obstructive,remove the railcart section as it is unoriginal (rail rush) and not very fun since tilt isnt fast.
lentwelve ratingfour fix these issues and its a perfect sequel.i'll 5 star then
lenseven ratingfive very good game no room for improvement.
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd
leneight ratingfive this is 10 times better than the first game
lenten ratingfive this game is an awesome improvement from the last one!
lenfourteen ratingthree amazing new temple run however force closes on droid razr with save me.help!
leneight ratingfive excellent game, just as good as temple run 1 !
lensixteen ratingtwo i don't know why but this game is super glitchy and laggy on my phone :(
lenfour ratingfive awesome sequel and game
lenten ratingfive cool,beast,entertaining game.a little better than temple run
lensixteen ratingthree in the first temple run it was really easy to move your player to get coins.
lensix ratingthree but good adds to temple run 2!
lenseven ratingfive puts the first temple run to shame!
lenseven ratingfive great graphics in this thrilling running game.
lenfive ratingfive lots of quick paced action.
lenfive ratingfive not a moment of boredom.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lensix ratingfive best game ever five star's!
lenfour ratingfive love the graphic upgrade
lenseven ratingfive fabulous job on graphics and game play.
lenfourteen ratingfour its fun but not to much has change i want the football man back
lentwenty ratingfive i really enjoyed this game it's so fun and better than the first temple run 1 the graphics are  nicer
lenfive ratingfive wow, what a big improvement!
lensix ratingfive fix the double-tap power up
lensixteen ratingtwo i found lots of glitches that make your character fly and sometimes pass through the floors.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo most of the time this does happen, but what happens most of the time is framerate issues, lots of hiccups that makes the app unresponsive and sometimes unplayable.
lenfive ratingtwo more or less every 10~20 secs.
lentwentythree ratingtwo and no, i dont have lots of apps running on background, i rooted my xperia play and got rid of most preinstalled crap.
lentwelve ratingtwo maybe the garbage collector is doing their thing when it should'nt?
lennine ratingfive love the game and it doesnt choke at all!
lenseven ratingfive cool but should have more characters yeahh.
leneight ratingfive playing this on my nexus 7 is beyond amazing.
leneight ratingfive it cuts through this game like roast beef.
lenseven ratingfive absolutely love the new look and obstacles.
lenthree ratingfive another great game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run.
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is way better my last game didn't work
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenten ratingfive addicting game it is.makes me busy all the day.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingtwo fix the gem save me button.
lenfour ratingtwo it costs me 2 gems
lentwelve ratingone i've waited for this game but it's not worth waiting!
lennine ratingone pretty please fix this problem and i give 5 stars.
lenfive ratingone i just love this game.
lenseven ratingfive nice imangi studio thank for support android
leneleven ratingone after the imangi studio screen just doesn't load any further
leneleven ratingthree pitfall took the concept of temple run and improved on it.
lensixteen ratingthree tr2 loses the simplicity and flow of the original without quite meeting the mark set by pitfall.
lenthirteen ratingthree rolling landscapes make it much harder (sometimes impossible) to spot powerups in time.
leneleven ratingthree better graphics can make it harder to spot jumps and turns.
lentwelve ratingthree it's still fun, but imo tr and pitfall are both better.
lensix ratingfive best game imagni has ever realsed.
lenten ratingfive such a great job, keep up these awesome games guys
lennine ratingfive i didnt like temple run 1, i love this one ?
lentwentyfive ratingfive everyone i know plays it,its fun and addicting my highest is only 700,000 only thing is it needs more players but it doesn't matter
lenfour ratingfive nice game love it
lenthree ratingfive its surper cool
lenthree ratingone sooooooo many bugs.
lensix ratingone im done playing this dumb game
leneight ratingfive wont open on my galaxy player 4.0 fix it
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive it sometimes just gets on my nerves
lensix ratingone does not work on asus tablet
lensixteen ratingfour game is very addicting some miner bugs but aside from that cant put the game down
lentwentyone ratingthree quite but really annoying when i'm trying to save coins ans they just reset and i have to start over
lentwo ratingone motorola triumph!
lenfour ratingfive this game is perfect.!
lenthree ratingfive cant moan free
lenfortyfour ratingfive temple run is back and better than ever in this continuation of temple run one huge demond is chasing you and of course you have to run away from him and not only is it fun it has the best graphics, go imangi studios!
leneight ratingfive u are a fagggit and to many glitchs
leneight ratingfive great game, keeps you challenged unlike the first.
lensix ratingthree i like the old one better
lenfourteen ratingone it is not working on motorola defy it just wont start, please fix it!
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome!
lenseventeen ratingfive a bezt new version evr made with no adds.workz bezt in ma canvaz.god job guyz
lenfive ratingfive good graphics and more obstacles.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lensix ratingfive new obstacles, power ups, and features!
leneight ratingfive its fun exciting and keep s you going.
lenfive ratingfive i highly recommend this game.
lensix ratingfive it dosnt work thats mh  comdnt
lensix ratingfour becouse it is not realistic :d
lentwenty ratingfour only problem is when i want to retry whenever i die it doesn't let me my screen starts flashing.
leneleven ratingfive great game like it better than number 1 just a great game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfourteen ratingfour much more entertaining than the first one as there are plenty of extra stuff.
leneighteen ratingfour i would give it five star of i didnt have to tilt my phone so far to move.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise, great game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i guess imangi got a new rendering engine or something, and it is horrible.
lenthirteen ratingtwo after about 1000m mark the rendering stops so you pretty much fall and die.
lensixteen ratingtwo even the power ups were more fun and interesting rather then the ones in this game.
leneleven ratingtwo please fix the render issue and i'll give 5 stars back.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lenseventeen ratingfive it runs really smooth and adds a bit to the game play of the first temple run.
lennine ratingone terrible won't even open on my sony xperia x10
lenfifteen ratingfour jumped for a rope that dissapeared and let me keep sliding for several million points?
lenfive ratingfive runs well with great graphics.
leneight ratingone real slow at times and choppy animation too.
leneighteen ratingfive it is just sooooo cool but it is a bit ott but i dont care it is amazing  !
lenthirteen ratingfive i never liked the first temple run but i really like this one!
lensix ratingfive my kids really enjoy this game.
lensix ratingfive graphics and game play are great.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive thanks imgangi studio
lenfive ratingone it's a great game!
lenseventytwo ratingone i've tried it on other people's phone and it works fine, but for some reason, it doesen't open on my phone (samsung infuse) :( i click on the icon, it opens and it instantly crashes.so i haven't been able to play it on my own phone (i even uninstalled and installed again and again, but it keeps doing the same thing).please fix :( then i'll give 5 stars.
leneighteen ratingfour it's great but y would they make this game they only made it to outbeat subway surfers
lenseven ratingfour swipe sensitivity needs to be improved though.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive game is amazing but it has a few bugs.
leneleven ratingfive it lags and sometimes it fails to respond to my swipes
lensix ratingfive i'm lovin it.every bit!
lentwentyfive ratingfive the coins are almost the same colour as the ground so i'm missing them but that makes it more challenging.so i'm happy!
lenseventeen ratingfive this appear is so addictive and they changed a lot of the stuff and made it better
lennine ratingthree its an ok game but the original is better
lentwenty ratingfive is the best game ever because it's fine i used to be for an ipad iphone iphone.s4  and iphone 5
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenfive ratingfour would objectives to be cumulative .
lenfour ratingfour overall better than first.
lenten ratingfive use medium settings on graphics and it will run smooth.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo after the last update it will let me to the i than closes it did work but not any more other wise great game
lenthirtythree ratingfour sometimes when you swipe on the screen its doesn't respond to your swipe and you end up dying which is very annoying, that is one bug i found, its needs a update!
lensix ratingfive the game is awsome as hell !
lenfour ratingone i enter the app.
lenfifteen ratingfive i've been waiting weeks for it 2 work now that it does im addicted 2 it!
leneight ratingfive a way better version of the old one :):):):):):)
lennine ratingfive better graphics and it runs a lot smoother,too.
lennine ratingfive great graphics, great gameplay, and it is very addictive.
lentwelve ratingfive how about for the next one it should be: multiplayer temple run
lentwentyeight ratingfive i loved the first game the other day i was thinking if there was going to be another one and i love this do much i am obsessed!
lenten ratingone wouldnt work the first time  had to down load again
leneleven ratingfive i  love this game as i love the original temple run.
lensix ratingfive i rate 5 stars definitely please try.
lenfour ratingfive amazingly awesome game addictive
leneighteen ratingone i can play the game but the frame and menu are huge please could you get this fixed
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i enjoyed nearly everything about this sequel, all the way up until the close camera of the mine cart sections began to just irritate me to no end.
lenfortythree ratingfour it takes the least precise form of input the game uses (tilting the phone) and compounds the faults of that style with a closer camera and quick whipping turns to where you sometimes have little to no time at all to react whatsoever.
lentwentytwo ratingone i downloades this on my htc desire and it keeps on not working or going on to the game sort it out
lenseventeen ratingtwo this game is super laggy on.my sony xperia s. otherwise, it seems like a great game.
lenten ratingfive love this game, played it till my hand go numb.
lensixteen ratingfive but now when i go in the app it to goes back to my phone screen.
lenthree ratingfive please update asap
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneight ratingfive awesome game.i'm playing it all day.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game really good
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingfour i'd give it five stars were it not for some minor lag issues.
lenseventeen ratingfour the graphics and the *variety* of scenarios makes this temple run a worthy successor to the first.
lennine ratingfive this game intelligent thinking game and a awsome one!
lenfour ratingfive awesime levels and graphics
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive fun, awesome and amazing
lenten ratingfive addictive game, i wish it would react a bit faster.
lenthree ratingfive overall, awesome game
lenthree ratingfive very goood game
leneleven ratingfive i give the game five stars because the graphics are impeccable!
lensixteen ratingfive its one of the best games i've played hope they'll make a temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingtwo this game kept messing up so zero for the guy who made this.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it gets two for being free and not and a waste of money.
lentwentythree ratingone i have an lg optomis logic an i downloaded this app and when i was ready to play, it is all glitch up.
lenthirteen ratingone the frame of the game covers my entire screen an everything is zoomed.
lenfourteen ratingfour very great game but for some reason the game keeps taking my coins away!
lentwenty ratingfive it good but it take so long 85 val is a 87 image 5 minutes 5 minutes find out if it 20 minutes to download
lenseven ratingone doesn't work on huawei ascend y
lenfive ratingfour the game is really amazing!
lentwelve ratingfour but as usual with new games it has a couple of bugs.
lenfifteen ratingfour like for example one game i played my score only increased when i collected coins
leneight ratingone i tried multiple times to install the app.
lenthirtyone ratingone it wouldn't go past the first screen with the big i. i love the game (i've played it on my boyfriends phone) but it wouldn't work on mine!
lenten ratingfive hey its better then 1 i was really geting bored with.
lennine ratingfive it graphic looks way better to an that tunnel !
lenfive ratingfive is sum terrible . .smh lol
lentwenty ratingfive way better than temple run, also its a lot easier to play and runs great on my motorola droid bionic.
lenfour ratingtwo i love the game.
lennine ratingtwo i like the huge variety brought into temple run 2.
lenthirty ratingtwo only problem i am having is when i fall it stop running and i want to continue by using a gem, the game freezes and exits to the home screen.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo this is a problem because i've wasted about ten or minutes of my life on playing this game spring four million plus points just for it to not be saved and recorded in my stats.
lensix ratingthree tacks a long time to donlowd
lentwelve ratingfour the camera moves very edgy but smoothly when you make a turn.
lenfive ratingfour and the quality is magnificent!
lentwelve ratingfive great love the graphics an love how it moves as i play.
lennine ratingfive the zip lines and tunnels are my favorite parts.
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run was getting kind of old so i like how u guys made a new one
lentwo ratingfive instantly addictive!
lensix ratingone doesnt work on my galaxy tablet.
lenfiftyfour ratingfour it is a great and fun game but when you go through vibe yourself off fifth time with 16 gems, even sometimes with 8, it completely restarts your game and it doesn't save any of your progress so please fix this and i will give the game the 5 stars that i wanted to give it :-)
lenforty ratingfive almost v all had gone bored with boring graphics n game play of temple run 1.brave heart was also not upto the mark.but this time developers have really made something which should termed as second part.with everything double. .:)
lensix ratingfive better than temple run 1 big time.
lenseven ratingthree extremely laggy, please fix in next update
lensix ratingfive i thought temple run was awesome.
leneight ratingfive when i play the second one, its amazing.
leneleven ratingfive however, it does seen a little  tougher than the first one
lennine ratingtwo when i touch it sometimes it doesn't respond.
lenfive ratingfive totally addictive, a must get!
lentwentyone ratingfive have to admit this is fun but the automatic movements to the side can get annoying however its a brilliant effort.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are much better.
lenfour ratingfive its amazing download it
lenfiftytwo ratingone so my friends have iphones and i play on that but on my samsung galazy s wifi the picture at the start where theres hole and the green, i , its freezes and forces close down other all i gave it 1 star improve it so i can play an it will be 5 stars!
lentwelve ratingone thank for your tine please thumbs up so the developers can see.
lensix ratingone if you truley love thos game!
lenthirteen ratingfive this version of temple run is probably 5x more addicting than the origional one.
lenfifteen ratingfive there are curved roads, hills, zip lines, mine cart tunnels, and big rotating claw thingies.
lensix ratingfive and dont forget the graphics too!
lensixteen ratingfive however one thing i didnt like was the gyroscopic sensitivity compaered to the old temple run.
leneleven ratingfive works great no glitches it's very addictive and very fun!  :-)
leneleven ratingfive i loved temple run 1 and temple run 2 is million times better!
lenfour ratingfive it keeps getting bettet.
lenfive ratingfive i compete with my family!
lenseventeen ratingone the sceen keeps becoming huge and i can't see it .fix it i rate it better. :(
lentwelve ratingfive never got into the first temple run but this game is fun.
lenthree ratingfive great time waster!
lentwenty ratingone i downloaded it and it worked fine then i closed the application and now it won't open back up.
lennine ratingone it goes to the title screen then closes itself
lenseventeen ratingfive it is the awesomes game ever better than the regular one.get this app now its awesome :)
lenfourteen ratingfive i found that this version is a lot easier and a crap ton better.
lentwentyeight ratingfive however, there is a bug thay when the run powerup ends while you are going across a rope, after you hit ground you go same speed as boost.
lennine ratingfive very annoying, but this game is still worth playing.
lentwentyone ratingthree the game is fun, absolutely great, but for some reason im the game is having trouble keeping up with my coins.
lenfourteen ratingthree one run i have 4000 and by the next run it says i have under 2000.
lenseven ratingthree i dont buy or upgrade anything either.
lentwentyfour ratingfive its very tricky game at first but when get the hang of it its easy they did a great job with the game format
lentwenty ratingthree i love the game cause i played it on an ipod, but it keeps force closing on my droid x
lentwelve ratingone every time i try to play, it just closes with no message.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are way better than temple run 1.
lennineteen ratingfive it has a lot of more fun new features like save me, gems, ropes, stairs, hills, and the mine.
lenten ratingfive i would recommend downloading it if you enjoyed temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive keep this games coming
lenfour ratingfive i guess really hard
lenseven ratingone always crashes haven't gotten to play
lenseventeen ratingfive the zip line, the train car, and the scariest gorilla i've ever seen in my life.
leneleven ratingone i can't play this game because there is a bug.
lenthirteen ratingone i downloaded the game and when i opened it, it wouldn't load.
lenseven ratingone its a cool game i like it.
lenthirteen ratingone but know it wont work know fix for 5 stars it forsclos on me
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive play it, play it now! :)
leneleven ratingfour best game ever, enjoy it more than the first temple run!
lenseven ratingone will not start up on samsung infuse
lensix ratingone game begins to load then closes
lenten ratingfive i'll give this game 5 stars, the graphic is better.
leneleven ratingfive guess what, it doesn't even lag on a 600 mhz phone!
lenfive ratingfive great game from imangi studio!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfiftynine ratingone its stupid how every time i use a 'save me' the game freezes and when i go back on to the game its like i never played that game that i used 'save me' in although i lose that gem that i used for that 'save me' i want my gems back and i want the game fixed now
lentwentythree ratingone it would be good but i have the samsung music and i cant see past the pause button it dosent fit the screen :(
lenseven ratingfive i lovr it so much i play 247
lensix ratingfive the game is excellent & exciting to
lentwo ratingthree pretty fun!
lenfourteen ratingthree the only problem is that it freezes on the intro and doesn't load.
lenfourteen ratingfive a heck of a lot of fun and much more responsive than the 1st one.
lentwenty ratingfive it's soo cool tho i'm so happy they mad i sencobd one like its wassup templerun straight flexing .
leneleven ratingfour love this game but it force closes from time to time
lentwo ratingfive tottally cool
lenten ratingfive i love the giant monkey instead of the 3 small ones.
lenseven ratingfive looks good, plays good, all-around good.
lensix ratingone crashed before i could play it
lensixteen ratingfour when i  jump on the rope  sometimes i just fall when i jump on it weird
lennine ratingfive great game that's all i have to say^_^
lentwo ratingfive awesome gamee
lenseven ratingfive better than the original in every way.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game better than the 1st! !
leneight ratingfive better graphics and game play than the original.
lenten ratingthree it freezes up every game i play and slows down.
lenfive ratingthree other than that great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfiftyone ratingfive i love this app but i don't understand i'm playing like a crazy and i'm getting a lot of coins and when i go to upgrade or buy staffs my coins score does not increase more than  1, 985 it got stock kn that number i guess please fix that
lenthree ratingfour vary good game
lenten ratingtwo it would work for like 3 times now it never opens!
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome i love it.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i played it on my friends iphone and it was running extremely smooth but on my phone it still lags a bit.
lentwelve ratingfour good game but it does not work on my phone hd desire
lentwelve ratingfour would give 5 stars but after playing awhile the coins i collected vanish.
lentwelve ratingfour hard to do upgrades if i cant keep the coints i get.
lenfive ratingfive amazing, very adictting but amazing
lenthirteen ratingfive i can't say anything about liking this game but m loving it!;);););)
lenthirtysix ratingfive this game is just awesome no lag whatsoever and 1 little minor thing is that when swiping there is a little delay and finally this is my opinion, i like temple run 1 music better than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
leneight ratingone don't be fooled by the nicer graphic.
lentwentythree ratingone to me tr2 is just a lazy attempt to replicate the success of the first one, which is largely superior from a gamer pespective.
lenforty ratingone it's quite clear the developer didn't put much effort in optimizing how the levels are generated, so you'll often find yourself dying no matter how good you are at the game due to the poor design choice.
lenthirteen ratingfour there is a lot of ways to die here but fun and addictive!
lenfourteen ratingfour graphics are a lot better than the original and there's one giant monkey!
lenthirtyone ratingfour help its a good game but i download it after i play it once or twice i cant play it no more it will load but  exit out on its own
lenfourteen ratingone i just tried downloading and it crashed before i got to see the options!
lentwelve ratingfour thisnis a fantastic game you should get it u wont be disapointed
leneight ratingfive dowload this because it is sooo epicly brilliant:)
lentwenty ratingfive love it better than the first one more grafick and more stuff to do keep up the good work.smoochesssss.;0)
leneight ratingfive this game is the ball omg so good
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than the first.
lentwo ratingfive better graphics
leneight ratingfive great job on the add on and graphics.
lenthree ratingfive alot of fun!
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and sounds.
lenthree ratingfour no more explanation.
lentwelve ratingfour there are still bugs but all in all its a good game.
lenfour ratingfour really fun nd cool
lennine ratingthree the game is lagging and is making me die
lenfour ratingfive keeps my kids busy
lentwelve ratingtwo played 3 games and after that it kept foreclosing on my motorola milestone 3
lensix ratingfive just like temple run just upgraded.
leneight ratingfive badass game has better graphics and more entertaining
lentwelve ratingfive this game us awesome.i find it better then the first one!
leneleven ratingfive i like this one way better than the first temple run!(:
lenfive ratingfive i love it more better:-)<3<3<3
lenseven ratingone pleeeease fix this it is not running
lennine ratingfive it is the beautiful game that i ever played
leneight ratingfive love the second, even better than the first
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenfour ratingfive game is fast paced.
lentwenty ratingone paid for coins i didnt get what a rip off plus its no refunds so im assed out of 5 dollars
lentwo ratingfive hi girl
lenthirteen ratingfour its good and really fun but it hurts your eyes after a  while.
lentwo ratingfour great idea
leneleven ratingfour great game i'm addicted but i like temple run 1 more
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever!
lenfourteen ratingfive i've score almost 2 million this tample run 2 n 1st tample run i score 9 million.
lentwentytwo ratingfour love it,its good but when it starts it is too slow otherwise its good,awesome graphics,so realistic,and better/upgraded
lennine ratingfive beautiful graphics and gameplay keep up the good work.
leneight ratingfive its is a little crazy and tricky but 5star
lentwentytwo ratingthree i was at over 2 million points and i died and was going to use a save me with 4 gems and it crashed!
lentwelve ratingthree not only did it take my gems but  lost all my progress!
lennine ratingthree please fix so i can continue to play happily.
lensix ratingfive just plain sick best game ever
lenfive ratingfive but, it crashes in android.
lenfive ratingfive and everyone needa play it!
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic graphics
leneighteen ratingfive so fast and so difficult some times but a new experience,looks n designed so well great job
lensix ratingfour all my friends like it to
lensix ratingfive fun very exciting, challenging, and interesting
lensix ratingfive just amazing, graphics are also great.
lenthirteen ratingfive this temple run is a lot of fun and better than the first:-) :-)
lensix ratingfive this so awesome i luv it!?!?!?
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensix ratingthree in general the game is great.
lenfour ratingthree love it to death.
lentwentytwo ratingthree but there has been a couple of times where i've accumulated a certain amount of coins in games and and died.
lenfiftyone ratingthree i exit out of the game do something else and come back to the game and the coins i had after i died are no longer there and it's like i have to keep restarting a whole new game which did not happen on the first version of this game.
leneight ratingthree please fix so my coin count will stick.
lensixteen ratingthree i also have a galaxy note 2 and would love to be able to adjust the sensitivity.
lenfourteen ratingfour great game 4/5 stars would do 5 if there were more characters and more bonus items.
lenfive ratingfour should be a update soon.
leneight ratingfour would get alot more attention great game overall.
leneight ratingfive jst cant keep my phone without playin it
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfortyfive ratingone it's bot working for my htc onex it will make him run into the wall when it first start and then he won't use the rope or when i turn he slides a lot of time just glitches up too much for me
leneighteen ratingfour it could be better if the objectives would be on the pause screen like in the first one.
lenfive ratingfive more fun and better graphics!
lentwelve ratingthree i would love to play but the apparently wont open please fix!
lenthree ratingfive scary, challenging & fun!
leneight ratingfive hey guys this game is like the bestest
lenfour ratingfive great game, & very fun.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive graphics look real good better than the other one (: ?
leneighteen ratingfour controls are not as fluid as the first one, a bit delayed and wonky  still a great game.
lentwentyeight ratingone tried to give this game a fair chance but i couldnt play it because of its lag and had to force close every time i opened the app.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfour this is a great game.
lenfive ratingfour works very smooth.great graphics.
leneleven ratingfour only thing thats missin is sensitivity control as in temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfour add sensitivity n nth will stop this game from being 5 star.
lenfive ratingfour it says error 498 whatnot always.
lenfour ratingone stuck on opening screen
lenseven ratingfive so fun much better than the first
lenfive ratingfive 3d kinda feel which is awesome
leneleven ratingfive omg!best graphics love da ropes and stairs and da bucket
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lensix ratingone umm its not even downloading correctly !.
lennine ratingone it stays as a black screen on my android!.
lenthree ratingtwo run2 is duh bom
lenten ratingfive i absolutely love temple run! !(: play out all the time.
lensix ratingfive soooooooooooo much better than temple rub 1:)
lenthree ratingfive love temple run 2!
lentwentythree ratingfive it lags a little bit in my galaxy 10.1 1 but only rarely and i guess it's because the tablet is updating other apps.
lenten ratingfive totally addicted to it and pleased with the new gameplay.
lensix ratingfour please update for s-pen use
lensix ratingone the game wouldn't even start!
lenten ratingfive your guy seems to run faster the farther you get.
lenseven ratingfive makes it very difficult to get far.
lenseven ratingfive seinfeld and absolutely marvelous setting and ideas!
leneleven ratingfive a little glitchy but i'm sure you'll fix it!;)
leneight ratingone i doesn't work with my samsung infuse 4g :(
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game, its so much funner than the first one too.
lennine ratingfive great game to play, get it totally worth it!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive way better than da 1st one.
lentwentytwo ratingthree so, the only problem i have wrong with this game is.it will randomly take away all or some of your coins.
lenthirteen ratingthree i cant buy anything because the game will randomly take away my coins
lenseven ratingfive new look, new traps, new power-ups!
lenten ratingfive works great.and looks great on my google nexus jb-4.2.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfour i really like the game!
lennineteen ratingfour the only reason i gave it a 4 star and not a 5 star is because it glitches all the time!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenten ratingfive has good graphics better than temple run but its good
lentwelve ratingfive this is better than the last one and got subway surfers beat!
lenfive ratingfive best temple run game ever!
lenthirteen ratingfive though there are some bugs i'm sure it will get fixed soon!
lennine ratingfive this is the most awesom, fun, addicting game ever.
lennine ratingfour awesome game but way to slow of a installation
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenten ratingfive this game is a great way to pass the time.
lennine ratingone it wont even let me get on the game
lenthirtythree ratingtwo i loved temple run and i would love to play this properly but i can't get past the tutorial because the tilt doesn't work and i keep running into the hole.
lentwelve ratingfive i set the graphics at the highest and its still buttery smooth.
leneleven ratingfive am loving all the new implementations in the game, very addictive.
lenseven ratingfive harder than the first one but better.
lenfour ratingfive enjoyable and love it?!
lenthirtythree ratingfive i think temple run 2 is awesome and better than the regular temple run i rate this five stars the best part is the is like car thing that you get to ride in
lenthree ratingfive great and chalenging
lenseven ratingfive im like totally addicted to this game.
lentwentyfive ratingfive no lie the only problem which is not too bad is how long it takes to start at the begining but still awesome -nae c:
lenfive ratingthree one million years to download
lenseven ratingfive this is the most amazan game eva !
lenfive ratingfive thus is a great game.
lensix ratingfive a really good game very addicting
lentwelve ratingfive its amazing probably one of the best games i have ever played!
lennine ratingfive in my opinion its even better then angry birds
leneight ratingfive great game compared to the first temple run!
leneighteen ratingfour i love it, but whenever i try to use a gem to continue it freezes and force closes.
lenthree ratingfour motorola droid razr
leneleven ratingfive good game but the monkey is to big but good game
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the first one
lenthirtythree ratingfour great app love the first one and i think this one is better but i will give u five stars if u add the invincibity power from the first one please add this
lentwelve ratingfour this is really amazing and all, but, i have one little problem.
lenseven ratingfour d you know those narrow passages/places?
lensixteen ratingfour well i keep tilting it to where it should go but it always makes me fall!
lenten ratingfour i'll turn it to five stars if you help!
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is way better than the first one i hope yall thinking about a temple run 3 people would love this
lenfourteen ratingfour this is a fun and adicting game you get to go in a mine!
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic.
lennine ratingfive but, i wish there is an account on it.
lenthirteen ratingfive so we can show our score, and rank from all over the world.
lenfourteen ratingfour temple run 2 is a very cool game , and i very much play it everyday.
lenthirteen ratingfour but dont play it to much, cause it will give you motion sickness.
lenfive ratingfive love the game-very addictive!
lensix ratingone too big of a file size.
lenfour ratingfour frezzes up but fun
lenfour ratingthree its just like pitfall
lenten ratingfive i just wish the tilt was a little more sensitive.
lenfive ratingfive amazing, smooth, exciting and addictive.
lenthirtythree ratingthree i would really like to see an adjust sensitivity tool its just so hard to getva grasp on after playing the first on the highest for so long   other that that its great
lensix ratingfive this is such a great game
lennineteen ratingfive when playing the original temple run i wonderd how on earth the creators could improve an already amazing game?
lenten ratingone all my icons, abilities and powerups are just black squares.
lensix ratingfive game better than the first one
lenten ratingfour this game is so much better than the first one.
lentwelve ratingfour you just have so much to look forward to in temple run 2!.
lenseven ratingtwo it glitches for the lg optimus logic.
lentwentysix ratingtwo the bars and stuff cover over half the screen, please consider editing screen size compatibility then maybe i'll download it again.be warned logic users
leneleven ratingfive so fun even though its the same thing everytime u play
lensixteen ratingfive it is really fun.its harder than the first one but it is just as addicting!
leneight ratingfive it's bug-free and an enjoyable experience.
lenten ratingfive i love everything about this .the game graphics are awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive and the new goals make it very addictive thanks for all the work put into this!
lenthirtyone ratingfour game is great, but every time i begin to score over 5million points the game lags and often will shut off when i die without recording my score or my coins/gems.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is the number one game of the year i like it it's fun
lenfive ratingthree alot of stuff goes wrong.
leneleven ratingthree needs to be looked in but still a pretty good game
lennine ratingfive one of the best mobile games i've played
lenfourteen ratingfive love the new scenes and the game is just awsome i love temple run!
leneight ratingfive one of the best apps i ever played
lenfifteen ratingthree uhm its a bit laggy for my xperia neo l. it even crashd  before playing.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix the bugs, i really want to play in a smooth pace.
lentwentyfive ratingfive if u have to buy i would its so cool but next time in the torioal show more directions the tilt sensitivity can be inproved
lenten ratingfive this game is so awesome i cant stop playing it!
lensix ratingfive my favorite part is the zipline.
lentwentyone ratingfive i thought that the first one was  excellent but now that you made a 2nd temple run it is so much better.
lensix ratingfive it's super fun and addicting.
leneighteen ratingfive you have to play it a couple times to get used to it and not die right away.
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game so far but laggy at jumps i swiped and fell off the cliff
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingone does nit work on my phone
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenseventeen ratingone no go on my fone i gave motorola defy  , hangs on loadup screen , not happy at all
leneight ratingfour takes coins that were earned & monkey blocks view
lenfour ratingthree doesnt save for me
lenthirteen ratingone it would take me to the intro page then it would close out.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i try to open it on my lg esteem, it force closes.
lensixteen ratingone i downloaded the first one and it works fine but this one is just not working.
lenfour ratingfive beautiful graphics and smooth.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingthree ok not the best better than the 1st of course
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingthree the glitches mess the game up
lenfour ratingfive love the more 3d look.
lenseven ratingfive wish you could go into different worlds
lensix ratingtwo the coin double does not work.
lenthree ratingtwo save your money!
lenseventeen ratingtwo the game is fun just dont spend money on it since you will get nothing in return.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour love the new game so much more going on but i can never use the save me because a stupid pop up always comes up at the same time that asks if i want to purchase more gems!
lenfour ratingfour what an annoying pain!
lenseven ratingfive this is the best game on market.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingone it wont start up.
lenten ratingone it stays on the imangi studios screen and force closes :(
lenthree ratingfive way cool game!
lentwo ratingfive sooooo amazing
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfour amazing game but has some glitching problems
lenthree ratingfive cool this game :)
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run!
lennine ratingfive temple run is fun but this is even better
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfour its great, but when i'm playing it sometimes lags then stops.
lenseven ratingfour keep making awesome games like this one.
lenforty ratingfour its a great game but some times i lag out swipe 2 times doesn't turn same thing with jumping also it says get a second power up no progress i have 3 powerups and no achievement please fix love the game!
lentwentytwo ratingfour good but still like other temple run but the app works amazing and you should download it if you like temple run.
lenseven ratingfive this game is better than temple run 1 .
lenfourteen ratingfive its pretty cool how the enviroment around the runner changes & the monster looks dope .
lensix ratingfive it runs smoothly on my phone .
leneight ratingfive every now & then a lag but no biggy.
leneight ratingfive there should be more options on characters though.
lentwo ratingfive great game !(:
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseventeen ratingfour love tr1 and the second version even better but it keeps crashing on my th  samsung galaxy ii.
lenthree ratingfour love  this app!
lensix ratingfour great game, but freezes up sometimes.
lenfour ratingfive great game very fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive i love the zip line
lenthree ratingfive nice game nice.
lentwo ratingfive cool awsome
lennine ratingfive very awesome game, addictive and better than the first! <33
lenten ratingone it works horrible on here dont even start the game
lenfour ratingtwo i opened, force close.
lenseventeen ratingfive i hated it at first cuz ot waz hard but its fun i cnt stp plyin it
leneight ratingtwo the game hiccups and lags on the galaxy s3.
lennine ratingtwo it shouldn't do that with it's specs.
lenthirteen ratingtwo game just needed to be optimized for the number one selling android phone.
lenfive ratingtwo other than that, fun game :)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive the only problem is i can't stop playing it:)
lenfourteen ratingfive fr me its lyk da best game f its kind, best temple run ever.
lenten ratingthree this game is sooo much better than the first one.
lenthirteen ratingthree the only problem is a glitch that kicks me out of the game.
lensixteen ratingthree i can be playing and then all of a sudden i will be on my homepage.
lenseven ratingthree otherwise that it is a great game.
leneighteen ratingone it shows me the loading page on my android htc, but doesn't go any farther than that.
lenthree ratingfive i like chicken.
lenfive ratingfive its bettah den da firs 2
lenfifteen ratingfive i did not expect such a great upgrade to the game, i absolutely love it!
lenthirteen ratingfour love this game the graphics are amazing n it is so much fun!
lentwentyfive ratingfour the sensitivity makes it hard to play though wish it could b adjustable like the first game fix that and i will give five stars
lenfifteen ratingfive its totally addictive and i haven't put my phone down since i got it :)
lennine ratingfive love the challenge and new twists in the game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive better then the original!
lenthirteen ratingtwo better than temple run 1 and better graphics nd like the new obstacles but.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo it freezes an d skips every now.nd.then specially wen ur turnin a corner, also tilt doesn't wrk anymore, cnt play it :(
lenthirteen ratingone downloaded this game but everytime i try and play it it dont work!
lensix ratingone it just doest load or something
lentwentythree ratingone on my htc droid incredible 2 when i open the application it shows the imangi studios screen for about 15 seconds then the application closes.
lentwelve ratingone i have installed and reinstalled the app and this problem still occurs.
lenfifteen ratingtwo keeps freezing for a hundredth of a second and it cause me to get out.
lenthirty ratingfive temple run 2 is so awsome i would totaly tell you to play this when your bored you should play it play it when your not bored just go download it
lensix ratingfive its the best running game ever
lenfive ratingfive the new graphics are amazing.
lenten ratingfive however the touch isn't as smooth as temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive amazing experience and it is not as boring as first one
lensix ratingthree guys, improve the sensitiveness and tilt.
lensixteen ratingthree it doesn't work as smooth as first game.i love graphics but difficult to control.
leneighteen ratingfour many aspects of the original that made it great are carried over to #2, along with many, many improvments.
lentwelve ratingfour but get rid of the boost ads at the start and 5 stars
lentwo ratingfour lot improvement.
lensixteen ratingfive i love how this one doesnt only go straight, right and left, but it makes turns.
lensix ratingfive i also love the zipline! -aly
lennine ratingfive if u don't like this game u idi
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingfive you keep telling yourself to play just one more game but temple run 2 just pulls you back!
leneighteen ratingfive it's totally a step up from tr1, you just have to get to the curvy roads at first.
lentwenty ratingfive i think this is the best game ever i love all the graphics and hang lines trail tracks it rocks
lentwo ratingfive cray crayyyyyyy
leneight ratingfive this app is awsome.i recommend this app.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfour ratingthree it needs sensitivity bar
lenthree ratingfive loveeee temple run!
lennine ratingfive not as much as justin bieber of course but.
lenfive ratingfive it's amazing!(: download it!
leneleven ratingfive never thought imangi will make the second of temple ru n
lenfive ratingfive i would beat anybody scores.
lenten ratingfive runs smoothly, no glitches or game breakers on the nexus 7.
lenfive ratingfive awesome iteration of temple run
lenseventeen ratingfive it is an amazing game and packs just as much of a punch as the first one.
leneight ratingfive awesome follow up to an all time classic.
leneight ratingfive please update the movement controls and were set.
lentwentyeight ratingfour much better graphics and game play than 1st version, but it lags so much on my device that i can't play, so i can't solve the quests.
lentwo ratingfour nice game!
lennineteen ratingfour i love the new backround , but the game really isn't really that sensitive to which way you turn .
leneight ratingfour honestly , i kind of like the 1st one better ( ;
lensixteen ratingfive i love and i play everday plz bring out temple run no.3 please i beg you !
lensix ratingfive better then the first temple run
leneight ratingfive lolz waiting for this its so much fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour gotta have quick reflexes, but this game is addictive.
lentwentyfour ratingthree this game is better than the first one but how you update the coins in the people is really difficult compared to the first 1.
lenseven ratingfour iz da shiznit so addicting like pot ;)
lentwo ratingfive sobrang astig
lentwentynine ratingone .its not compatible with my fone lg optimus 3:( the icons were big. i really want this game .try to fix it please. asap then i rate it 5 star. thanks
lentwo ratingfour temple run  2
leneight ratingfour this game is fanastic along with subway surfer!
lenseven ratingfour everyone is in love with both games.
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i have ever played
lenthree ratingfive nice game ever!
lenfive ratingfive this game i a excellent
leneight ratingfour just hard to play, hard to tilt person
lentwo ratingfive gorgeous game
lenfive ratingfour this game is pretty good.
lentwelve ratingfour there's not much difference from the first one besides the train.
lenthirteen ratingfive i luv this game its fun and addicting i give it five stars
lennine ratingfive it's fun , but its harder than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive more challenging than the first edition.
lentwentyfour ratingfour i'm at level 8 and pass 1million lifetime distance upon checking the objectives the 1million lifetime was there again and even the 500000 coins is in twice.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amaaaaaazing!
lenfourteen ratingone it shows the logo imangi studios then it takes me back to my home. :/
leneleven ratingfive it's is one of the best games i ever played
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo i wish there were cheats they should make it less  coins for stuff and more cool stuff and exciting things and the cave part is hard like make stuff more easier like seriously like omg
lenthirteen ratingfour you guys did a great job on the sequel of an amazing game.
lentwenty ratingfour just as a suggestion make the evil monkey available as a runnable person for a very large amount of coins.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive you should totally buy it.
lenfive ratingfour its really slow,the runner.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome.
lenthree ratingfive highly addictive game.
lensix ratingfour this game is ruining my business.
lenten ratingone i downloaded temple run 2 and i can't play it.
leneight ratingone my phone freezes everytime i try to play.
lenthree ratingfive this game awesome
leneight ratingfive nice job on 2, it's a great game!
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics
lentwentyone ratingfive didn't like the first game to much, but this one is really good, way better control on movement and graphics!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneleven ratingone whenever i try ti open the app, it closes right after.
lentwenty ratingthree i had to delete it then redownload it because it wouldn't even load but other than that its fun
lentwentyeight ratingone even on a wifi connection my game end so abruptly due to the fact that i come to a corner and can't turn because my game lags.
lenfive ratingfive i love the new design.
lensix ratingfive play it or you will die
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneleven ratingfive it's really addicting and fun, just like the first one.
lentwenty ratingone unless i can get this game on my phone like everyone else it is going to be only one star.
lenthree ratingone so yea sucks
lenthirteen ratingfive much better than the original, just need an option to exit the game
lentwentyfour ratingfour its great but i think that there is too much going on at once.like its hard to see.other than that its good
lenfourteen ratingfive hours of entertainment for free, don't forget to do your part and rate
lenten ratingfive enjoy all the graphics and features a very entertaining game.
lenfive ratingtwo it wont let me download.
lenten ratingfive i played the original temple run time and time again.
lenseven ratingfive it was easily my favorite phone game.
lenfifteen ratingfive when i heard that there was a second game, temple run 2, i was super excited.
leneight ratingfive immediately i fell in love with the game.
lensix ratingfive better graphics by far, better everything.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i'm happy it runs so smooth on my phone, much less lag than the first game, and that didn't have much either.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
leneleven ratingthree its a bit laggy and that causes me to mess up
leneighteen ratingtwo the game is fun and addictive, but it would be a lot better if it didn't lag.
lentwelve ratingone this game gets stuck on the loadin screen than stops stupid game
lenfive ratingfour this game is so fun !
lenthirteen ratingfive i found a site that's giving xbox live codes away for free!
lentwo ratingfive freexboxlive.cc
lensix ratingthree good game if a little repetitive
lenfive ratingthree game slow but its ok .:(
lentwelve ratingone i really want to play it but eveytime i try it crashes :/
lenfive ratingfive great got passing the time.
leneight ratingfive i think it has a lot of excitement.
lenseven ratingfive it is the best temple run yet
lenfour ratingfive best free game ever
lentwentysix ratingthree its a playable game just the fact they waited so late to where theres better apps good game for showing off dat bout it for now
lentwentythree ratingthree the tilt sensivity has to be improved and cornering also has to be taken care of cuz its difficult to corner so quickly
lenfourteen ratingfive nice game and very exellent graphics plus new powerups and stages like the train!^^
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive this is the absolute funnest game ever!
lennine ratingfive it has amazing visuals and it is sooooo entertaining.
lentwo ratingfive defiantly install!
lensix ratingfive could you get a game better
lenfour ratingfive it makes busy,hahaha.
lenfive ratingfive im so addicted into it.
lensix ratingone i love the original temple run.
leneleven ratingone i opened up the app 15 times and each time it crashed.
lenthirteen ratingone i am going to keep the app though until you update the bugs.
lentwentyfour ratingfive temple run had enough 2 keep me busy, unlocked everything yet loved 2 play more n more.never expected or needed anything else in the game.
lenten ratingfive but on seeing this 2nd version i was like wow!unbelievable!.
leneight ratingfive great improvement in graphics gameplay and everything else.
lensixteen ratingfive now i have left all my above 1 gb paid games and play this all the time.
lentwo ratingfive imangi rocks!
lenfortythree ratingfour would have gave it 5 stars but when i use a save me during gameplay  it goes to the home screen of my phone and any accomplishment i complete it's like i never did it and i have to do it all over
lenseven ratingfive newer, cooler, definitely harder but way better.
lentwo ratingfive graphic wise!
leneight ratingthree nice but can't best as temple run 1
lensix ratingfour good update to the first version.
lentwo ratingfour nice interface.
leneight ratingfour like the save me option to enhance scores.
lenfive ratingfour highest score after 3 days 6.2 mn.
lentwentysix ratingfour the objectives are fun and great but one in particular is ridiculous "collect 5 gems in one run", it's near impossible to even obtain this objective.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i've noticed that they don't often appear and when they do it's like once or twice within a distance of like 5000 meters.
lentwentynine ratingfour game also has plenty of bugs especially once your character begins moving quicker, some times the terrain won't show up until the last second and then your dead.
lenfive ratingfour yay for consistent rendering issues.
leneighteen ratingfour overall game is very addicting even with its occasional rendering interference's and  'near impossible to obtain objectives'.
lentwenty ratingfour i prefer it over the first temple run but the swipe and tilt on temple run is still more responsive.
lensix ratingfive i like this game so much.
lenfive ratingfive very fun, good time waster.
lenthirteen ratingfive running smooth in better option and slightly laggy when in best graphic option.
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfive excellent games xperia j
leneleven ratingone the game crashes before it starts.tried three times to install.
lennine ratingone it goes to the imangi logo and then crashes.
lenfour ratingfive excellent gameplay and graphic.
lensix ratingfive can't stop play this game.
lensix ratingfive it is amazing got to download
lenfifteen ratingfour the game is awesome and ot changed a lot, but it have like 2 or 3 bugs.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour one of them is in the store when u extend the time of your special power, it discounts you 2 gems instead of 1, in some of the jumps of the bridge it falls out when i jump correctly.
lenten ratingfour and the game is a little bit laggy on my sgs3
lenfour ratingfive superb game!,  no advertisement.
lensix ratingfive love it.whole fam is addicts
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfourteen ratingfive xd but it's not as 'smooth' as the first temple run for me.
lentwelve ratingone whenever i try to load it, it says there is an error.
lenfive ratingone i have the samsung infuse.
lenfour ratingfour amazing but always jam.
lentwo ratingfive super like
lentwelve ratingfour but sometimes everything disapears for no reason and then the character dies.
leneight ratingfour it's really very nice & beautiful to play . .
lensixteen ratingfive huge improvement over the original and smooth gameplay makes this an instant 5 star rating from me.
lennine ratingfive too bad that it doesn't have a leaderboard.
lensix ratingfive i like it  it work perfectly
lenfour ratingfive like the new graphics!
lensixteen ratingfive was lagging a bit earlier bt an update fixed it a big thumps up from me!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfourteen ratingfive recommend to everyone of all ages :d works really well on my samsung tab 2
lenseventeen ratingfour the game is amazing ,, but i'm not sure with moving the man from side to another !
lensix ratingfour this issue must be fixed immediately !
lenthirteen ratingfive it's harder and you really  can't get enough of playing it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive thanks 2 the makers
leneight ratingfive but some times get a bit of lag.
lenfourteen ratingfive can u please fix it.or is it just due to the gpu performance.
lennine ratingfive where is the problem in application or my phone.
lentwo ratingfive coool game
lentwelve ratingfive mann this is that game they need tew cum out sit temple 3
leneleven ratingone this game ruind my tab 7.7 it absolutely ruind mt device accelerometer
lentwentyfive ratingfive great app.no lags.but it shows a popup to download more apps whenever i loose a life not allowing me to use "save me"
lenthirteen ratingfour very good game but very laggy and makes me die in the game.
lentwentythree ratingfour the hit temple run has spawned a sequel, and have no fear, it's everything you enjoyed about the first one plus more.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour specifically, it's gotten a graphical upgrade: the environments are richer in detail and variety, your runner (and you have your choice of different runners now) looks better than before, and there's just much more to everything.
lentwentysix ratingfour you can upgrade your power-ups and abilities, like a shield that protects you from some damage, or the ability to spawn pick-ups more frequently.
lenfourteen ratingfour on top of all that, it's just more fun than the first one.
lentwentyone ratingfour there's no reason not to pick this up, so grab temple run 2 and run for it! -- via best apps market
lentwelve ratingfive better than the first one can't wait till the 3 rd one
lenfive ratingfive this game has no competition.
leneleven ratingfive it is just not a game, it is more than that.
lenthirteen ratingfive if you really like temple run then you should take temple run 2 too.
lenseven ratingfive imangi studios this is the best game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this new temple run more stuff to do and its graphics are amazing ?
lentwo ratingone wont installlll
lenfour ratingfive awsume passtime  nice game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfive ratingfive awesome is the only word.
lensix ratingfive lots of improvements in game play.
lenseven ratingfive loved the new ways of power ups.
lensix ratingfive much better than first temple run.
lennine ratingfive new mine part is real crazy and ropes path.
lenfour ratingfive a great great game.
lenseven ratingtwo please correct tilt function for galaxy note 2.
leneight ratingone stalls at the imangi screen, then forces close.
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run.!
lenfifteen ratingfive its the best game on d playstore nd now i wont play subway surfers forever
lenthirteen ratingone i have installed this game twice and i can not open it up.
lentwelve ratingone love temple run, would like to be able to play this game.
lensix ratingfive definitely better then the last one!
lensix ratingfive i get nervous when i play.
lentwelve ratingfive i'm scared i will fall lol ,but i do like it.
lensix ratingfive the graphics are vivid with color.
leneight ratingfive my son and i play all the time.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i give it five.stars even though i wish you could see all your objectives at once and not just what they select for you.
leneighteen ratingone this game won't load on my samsung exhibit :/ it just stays on the first page, please fix :/
lensix ratingone i have a samsung galaxy xcover.
lenten ratingone the game is impossible to play is way too lagy
lentwenty ratingthree good game but it will not let me accummulate my coins.they go away when u don't use them.
lentwentyone ratingfour hi. my daughter purchased a coin package on here over 30 minutes ago and it is still not reflecting on the app.
leneight ratingfour great game by the way, she loves it!
lentwenty ratingfour its a fun cool game and all but there's not enough gems when you git to collect a certain.
lenfour ratingfour amount for objectives and.
lentwentyfive ratingfour how you get set up to die when you have to jump that big spiky spinning thing thing there's a gap right behind it
lensixteen ratingfour i really enjoy the game but i wish you could adjust the tilt sensitivity like in 1
lensix ratingfive very intersting game .i love it.
leneighteen ratingfour i'm extremely impressed with how stable and smooth this game is upon its very first android version.
lenfourteen ratingfour that being said, there are still areas in which the game should be improved.
lenfourteen ratingfour it would also be appreciated if the tilt sensitivity was raised, alike the predecessor.
leneleven ratingone crashed my phone several times, not going to open up again.
lentwentyone ratingone i tried using this on my  htc desire and it would force close each time i tried to start it up.
lensixteen ratingone i looked around and it seems many people are having the same problem on htc phones.
lenfourteen ratingfive i salute the developers for putting a lot of effort on the second installment.
lentwelve ratingfive usually the newer versions fail, but here it is a complete success.
leneight ratingfive addictive game with new obstacles, objectives and abilities.
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally awesome
lensixteen ratingfour it's great other than the fact that it jumps when i'm trying to turn.
lensix ratingfour maybe fix sensitivity on next update.
lentwo ratingfive loves itttttttttttt!
lennine ratingfive love the mine cart, good change from just running.
lenten ratingfive rly fun and addicting way better than da first one
lentwentytwo ratingfive it's amazing but i think it would make it better if it was compatable on the 3d mode on the htc evo 3d
lenten ratingfour needs to add sensitivity option and still lags a little
lenfive ratingfive its grt for time pass
lenfour ratingfive amazing game.love it
lentwo ratingfour runs great.
lentwo ratingfour jelly bean 4.1.1
leneight ratingfive finallyyyy got this on my android phone :d
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenfour ratingthree this game lacks graphics.
lenten ratingfour there are some minor bugs that need to be fixed.
lenten ratingfour when i jump sometimes the character goes where he wants.
leneight ratingfour but, after all, great game with amazing graphics.
lenseventeen ratingone i've been playing this game for hours in my sisters itouch while mine has no progress.
lentwentysix ratingone i'm really annoyed with the sensivity sensor and also in my lg ob it's laggy and takes about a minute to open the game.
leneight ratingone please make the game really fast and crisp!
leneight ratingfour graphics are awesome, great successor to temple run.
leneleven ratingfour its really poor right now trying to lean side to side.
lenfifteen ratingfour also fyi to people taking lag, under settings is a graphics slider, turn it down.
lenthirty ratingthree sometimes when i try to play it just stay on the imangi screen and when i play and try to use the save me it will freeze and force close.
lenfourteen ratingthree please fix because right now i am not able to enjoy this wonderful game
lenfour ratingfive highly recommend this game
lenfive ratingfive incredible game versus its  predecessor.
lenfive ratingtwo graphical indication is so so.
lentwelve ratingtwo in turning point nt able to identify weather its road or valley
leneleven ratingfour great great game with awesome graphics and everything is just superb.
lenseven ratingfour but there are a lot of bugs!
leneleven ratingfour most importantly that the character doesn't tilt well on my s3.
leneight ratingfour update with the option of sensitivity in settings.
lennine ratingfour if all bugs are fixed, this game deserves 6 stars
lensix ratingfive it has good pics and blaaaaaa
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a best game in my life and temple run 2 is better than 1 and easy than 1
leneighteen ratingfive its run very smooth on my note 2, but some mission is realy hard to complete.still its challenging.
lentwo ratingfive perfect game
lenthree ratingfive excellent game ever
lensix ratingfive this one is way more fun
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is better than the original temple run because it adds some enhancements like it has improved graphics and more obstacles.
lenten ratingfive it runs smoothly on my galaxy s3 mini without any lags
lenten ratingfive similar to the first game but with way better graphics.
lenfive ratingfive gameplay is also way better!
lentwo ratingfive nice appp
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfive superb it's amazing
lenfour ratingfive very nice loving it
lenthree ratingone unable to download
lenfive ratingtwo lagging boss fix the problem
lenseven ratingfour hid bsbbsb jsbs hs djnd d     kiddi.
lenten ratingfour ndois amiester nakines jies mien tro fuan  means good game
lenthree ratingfive so addicting game
lentwo ratingfive great apps!
lenthree ratingfive exceeds the original.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the graphics are better, the running is more dynamic, the costs for upgrades is fair, and ads aren't constantly popping up.
leneight ratingfive definently a game to get, and for free!
lentwelve ratingfive its a very good game its better then the other temple run ?
lenthree ratingfour asal bkn pkr
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and more interactive
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenfour ratingfour wah kya baat h
lenfourteen ratingone every time i opened the game it waited about a minute then force closed.
lentwo ratingone 2011 samsung sidekick
leneight ratingfive great new game play cant put it down.
lenthirteen ratingfive nice graphics, more adventurous.but many bugs still like during tilting and jumping
lensixteen ratingone i tried numerous amount of time to load this game but it simply would not work.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best temple run ever!
leneleven ratingthree but its not working properly on my phone.plz fix it.
lentwentyone ratingone i would give a better rating if i got my purchase of coins till then i won't change my rating
lenfour ratingfour sensors are too hard.
lenseven ratingfour please make it smooth n get 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive im addicted!
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is far better than temple run.i really recommend this game
lenthirteen ratingfour its 5 star game but giving it 4 coz game has been stuck on level 8.
lenfifteen ratingfour there are 2 same mission of 5 lac coins in which bar is not moving on one.
lenfive ratingfive much more intuitive  and dynamic.
lenthree ratingfive worth trying out!
leneleven ratingone i have download and it will  not work like real no?!
lenten ratingfive i think its a wonderfull game brave temple run isnt
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game.
leneleven ratingone for the android version, yu can't even see the screen.
lentwenty ratingone the pause button and the bar blocks up most of the screen, so yu can't see where yur going
leneighteen ratingthree please put a sensitivity setting on in an update, it's hard to go to each side smoothly.
lenseven ratingfour freezes sometimes but otherwise a great game.
lensix ratingfour will give five stars if fixed
lentwo ratingfive awesome game :-)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run was awesome, but temple run 2 is more more and more awesome!
lentwentyseven ratingthree sometimes when i try to revive myself after i die by pressing save me, the game crashes n all the points n money i collected is lost.
lenseven ratingthree pls fix this bug, its really annoying.
lenfive ratingthree other than that, nice game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingfive this is undoubtedly the best game on android.it would have been better if the level ups were faster.
leneighteen ratingfive i have played the first but this one is awesome graphics are very good i love this game
lenthree ratingfive gameplay without lags
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like this game if u like temple run u should get the second one!:)
lensix ratingfive great improvement on the last game.
lenfourteen ratingfive thanks to all of you,those behind this amazing game.the unbeatable "temple run"!
lenten ratingfive i love this game but it drains my battery fast.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseventeen ratingone it keeps lag on my device pls fix it i want to play smoother in my device
lentwelve ratingfive game's fun - i enjoy it more than the original temple run.
lenfiftytwo ratingfive there's a bug though, sometimes when you have the boost on and you reach a minecart section (especially when using the boost as the power up) when the mine cart is done, you go flying off the cart at an incredibly fast pace which usually ends in an instant game over.
lensix ratingfive similar issue when sliding down ropes.
lenfive ratingfive awsm game n awsm graphics.
lenten ratingfive just found out that you get put the graphics higher.
lensix ratingfive plays great on my verizon galaxy s3
lenten ratingfive is a vast improvement over the already awesome temple run!
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is amazing but the sounds when i catch a diamond or a 50 coin are laggy
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lenthirteen ratingfive its good bt somtime its very slow so good bt not very good
leneleven ratingfive besides not turning when told to turn,only sometimes, its wonderful!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive better dan da frist 1 i can tell u that!
leneleven ratingfive the game graphics is simply awesum.running smoothly on optimus 4x hd.
lenfour ratingfive its very nice game.
lenten ratingfive really every android user download this game by version comparatively.
lennine ratingthree i dont really think its better :/ but its good
leneight ratingfive more challenging and interesting than the first one
lenfive ratingone it keeps crashing wont open
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love this app.it is way more fun than the first one and i recommend people of all ages getting this amazing free app
lenfourteen ratingtwo fun game but it sucks when it deletes all your hard work and progress.
lenfive ratingfive fun game i rep da  242
lensix ratingfive the game is challenging,,, nicely done.
lentwentysix ratingfive temple run 2 is a great update from the first, with cool looking scenery and graphics, and a couple twists that make the game a lot different.
lenseven ratingfive i'm thrilled each time i play
lenthree ratingfive excellent new addition
lentwentyone ratingtwo where the hell is my coins go, i have a thousand and after i play another games it all gone ughhh
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars niggy .
lentwentynine ratingfour much better than temple run 1, a lot more advanced, interchanging landscapes where the camera seems as of its held by a monkey running across the tree tops, switching sides.
lensixteen ratingfour with upgradable customizations to your abilities to whatever your liking takes the game one step further.
leneleven ratingfour yet a 4/5 because the screen lag ends my highscore-beatable-runs.
lenfifteen ratingfour i love the first one, and the second is more challenging and has better graphics.
lensix ratingone does this app dwnload for android?
leneighteen ratingfive who ever rates this lower then.5 star is pu$$y that's mean they never played temple run 2
lenfive ratingone first temple run better than 2
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i have to rotate my phone over 45 degrees to get it to avoid falling off the side of the narrow areas and the mine cart.pls update!
leneleven ratingone i have a lg thrill and the game will not run.
lennine ratingone it loads the initial developer screen but then crashes.
lenfive ratingfive awesome.like the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 mate low virson develop kare to customer vadhare khush thai.
lenseven ratingone mine comes as a puzzle what the
leneight ratingfour dont know u guys but i enjoy it
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty amazing
lenfive ratingfive its awasome i love it.
lenfour ratingfive but it need improvement
leneight ratingfive it lags just a bit, but worth 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive i cannot stop playing.
lenthirteen ratingfive i was still playing the first temple run when temple run 2 came out.
lenseven ratingfive but now i love love love thisss! :)
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
leneight ratingone horrible it glitches a lot its completly junck
lennine ratingfive i find it very addictive and it passes time
leneight ratingfive no doubt this game will top the chart!
lennine ratingfive the game evolve much better from graphics to gameplay!
lentwenty ratingfour they definitely improved over the original which was the first of it's kind and a classic game to play.
lentwelve ratingfour huge improvements make it the absolute best running game on the market!
leneleven ratingfour a must have for people that want to enjoy killing sometime.
lenthirteen ratingfour please add facebook leaderboards so you can compete against your friend's score.
lennine ratingfour adding more playability and this game will recieve 5 stars!
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is a blast i play this game at work on break and working
lenseventeen ratingfive man you guys are awesome this game is great and loads of fun keep it ip guys
lentwentythree ratingone every time i try to use the save me it freezes up and force closes and doesn't save my score or coins.
lenseventeen ratingone it didn't save my high score or the many objectives i had gotten in one round.
lensixteen ratingfive love it, its so fun and i love the way it way it moves with you!
lenthirteen ratingfive the best game out there as of right now, hands down, super addicting
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingtwo and needs more sensitivity.
lenfive ratingtwo too hard to collect coins.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run and temple run plz let there be a temple run 3
lenseven ratingone cannot open temple run 2 on my defy
lenfive ratingone was fun the 2x i played.
lennine ratingfive i love this game keep more of it coming
leneight ratingfive enjoy this game it make you more aware
lentwo ratingone nice app. ! :))
lenfive ratingfive awesome better than the first!
leneleven ratingone it is stuck at the imangi studios screen and it crashes
lenfive ratingfour keep hitting the pause button.
lenfour ratingfour please relocate that button.
lenfive ratingfour other than that, great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome 2nd version
lenfour ratingfive im addicted to this.
lenfour ratingfive love it ao much
lenten ratingfive i like temple run love temple run 2 ton better graphics
lentwelve ratingfour its a good game.just few more minor bug fixes are  needed.
lenten ratingfive a lot more fun to be had in this game.
lenten ratingfive sweet animations, minor bugs but it is an early release.
lenfourteen ratingfour i have had this app for a day and i cant stop playing it.
lenthirteen ratingfour it laggs a little but after a while you get used to it.
leneighteen ratingfour yea its a good app id liked me my wife and my son we play this fun game
lenseventeen ratingfive but there's one thing it moves slow at times and has minor bugs that needs fixing
leneight ratingfive fun is ever need more people and abilities
lentwentyfive ratingfour i love temple run an  i love this game but i have noticed that i can be laggy, and lacks sensitivity on jumps and turns.
lenfive ratingfour these resulted in frustrating deaths.
lenfive ratingfive it doesnt let me play
lensix ratingfive i like it so cool png
lenthirtythree ratingtwo i love this but its constantly freezing and won't read my fingers plus it lags a lot it'll be better when that's fixed i can't receive texts while playing!
lenfour ratingfive the game is awsom
lensix ratingone paid $4.99 for the double coin thing.
lenseven ratingone now where's my doubled coin amount.?
lenten ratingone also freezes occasionally when i try to exit the game.
lenten ratingone tried stopping the app and it still wouldn't close.
lenfour ratingone had to reboot phone.
lensix ratingone doesn't always respond to touches.
lentwo ratingone terribly disappointed.
leneight ratingthree lags a lot for my htc one v
lentwo ratingfive sick game!
leneleven ratingfive this is better than the original temple run in every way.
leneighteen ratingfive the only problems are the bugs noted by other people, but im sure those will be fixed soon.
lenfive ratingfour f9 bt lukz like sumthz missin'.
lenten ratingfive it's great, but i prefer the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfour gear up mind
lenseven ratingfive its a great app but it glitches
lenfifteen ratingfive i've been playing this game almost constantly ever since i got it, so addictive
leneighteen ratingthree having some problems  accessing the app but played it on a friends phone and was pretty kool actually
lentwenty ratingthree it plays smoothly when i'm playing while connected, but when i'm online, it lags heavily and even crashes.
lentwentyfive ratingthree dont know if it's my phone, but it's lags alot and it prevents me from jumping and stuff and it's getting annoying.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo great game i've played it before on a galaxy s epic however it loads up to the imangi studios page and then crashes!
leneight ratingfive seems a lot easier than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive not a bad thing haha:)
leneight ratingfour randomly closes when using the save me button.
lensix ratingfour otherwise game seems to be fine.
lentwo ratingfive temple run.
lennine ratingfive nice but hader and less easy to get upgrades
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome
lenseven ratingone package not valid in my sony lww
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennineteen ratingtwo i'm a player who jumps, slides, turns in the nick of time, but the first one is better.
lentwelve ratingtwo i will give it more stars if you could fix the bug.
lenthirteen ratingfive really awesum perfext game.temple run.<3   guyz.wats dat objective run without tripping.:-)
lennine ratingone unable to turn in-game sound down or off.
lensix ratingone making it unplayable with volume up.
leneight ratingone will revise to 5 stars when it is fixed
leneleven ratingtwo it doesn't let me jump or turn or collect coins.
lenseven ratingtwo temple run one was sooooooo much better.
lensix ratingfive a great move by imangi studios.
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lennine ratingtwo this game is impossible to play on my droid 3.
lentwelve ratingtwo there's a lot of lag and it even crashed my phone.
lentwentysix ratingtwo two stars for this one but only because i like the idea of the temple run games, sadly which do not play nice with my phone.
lentwenty ratingfour its like temple run 2 is made for my xperia sl :p same as the 1st version but more upgrades with graphics.
lenfive ratingfour runs smoothly on my device.
lenfourteen ratingfive tample run 2 is gud having new powers nd actions bt it has low sense.
lenfour ratingfour awesome n better than tr1.
lenten ratingfive this app is fobberly good apps and five stars don
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive tilt sensitivity could be alot better but its manageable after a while.
lenten ratingfour graphics are pretty good this time.surely an another addiction!
lenfive ratingfour i can't stop playing!
lenthree ratingfour follow me @itsdrewmoneybro
lentwenty ratingone it won't even download on my phone! :( i love temple run and can't wait to play temple run 2!
lennine ratingone the app will not work on my lg thrill.
lenseven ratingone i have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.
lenseven ratingfive a very nice sequel to temple run!
lentwentyone ratingfive the new features make the game feel new again, and it came to android much faster then the first game did!
lentwentyseven ratingfive all around great game, the only time i get lag odd on the first run, and is at the opening, so it does not mess anything up.
lensix ratingfive kinda laggy on my htc vivid.
lenseven ratingfive runs great on my nexus 7 tablet though.
lenseventeen ratingfive better than 1 i really enjoy playing this game i like the first 1 but 2 is better better graphics
lenten ratingfour the game is quite the upgrade from the first edition.
lensixteen ratingfour almost everything is improved.more varied environments, more obstacles,  and hills add to the original formula.
leneight ratingfour even the powerup and upgrade system are improved.
lentwentysix ratingfour the only flaw so far is the game runs kinda choppy even with the graphics turned all the way down and on a high end phone.
lensixteen ratingfour its not a big deal but a game that requires precise movements needs to run smooth.
lenfive ratingfour overall a great upgrade though.
lenten ratingone i downloaded it twice and it still wont work next.
lenseventeen ratingthree seems laggy on my htc sensation and too similar to the first one to play too much.
lenthirteen ratingthree it's a bit jumpy and hard to get used to at first.
lenfourteen ratingthree controlling the avatars movements just isn't as smooth as in the first game.
lensix ratingone cant even get into the  game.
lenfive ratingone it force closed every time
leneleven ratingthree it seems like they traded glitches for graphics on this game.
lennineteen ratingthree it's fun, and there's a lot more ways to die but, i still like the original more.
lenfour ratingfive love it great upgrades
lennineteen ratingthree uhh i bought the coin doubler and 50,000 coins and nothing has appeared, i hope i didnt just waste 10 bucks!
leneight ratingfive i love this game very well, very addicted
leneight ratingfive its really great better dhen dhee first one
leneight ratingfour love it even more than the one before!
leneleven ratingfive one of the most gorgeous games i've played on android.
lenten ratingfive no major improvements over temple run 1 other than the graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive what they made worse is the amount of promotion they put towards in game purchases.
lenten ratingfive i'm also not convinced these menus are an improvement!
lenfive ratingfive very good optimization with android.
lenseven ratingthree its freezes up everytime i try 2 play.
lennine ratingfive very good game!so challenging!graphics are so good!
lenseven ratingfive the best temple run in the world
leneight ratingone why does it take so long to load
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingone blatantly refuses to work p no my samsung galaxy tablet!
lennine ratingone i wasn't able to even open the game.
lenthirtyone ratingfive improvisasi grafik dari seri yang pertama, pemandangan yang indah, monster yang lebih besar, dan tambahan sedikit kesulitan dalam gameplay, plus free -menjadikan game ini sangat layak untuk di-install dan dimainkan.
lennine ratingfive the part one is more better than this one .
lenthree ratingfive a huge upgrade. .
lensix ratingfive this game is full of fun.
lensix ratingfive hard to tilt but amazing game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive way better than the original temple run better graphics
lenseven ratingfive great improvement of graphics since temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive this game is incredibly enjoyable!
lenthirteen ratingfive it relaxes me when i need a time out at my work :p
leneleven ratingfive i loved playing this game on my xperia p full hd
lentwentyfive ratingfour it's a bit laggy and the tilt is not right on my htc rhyme please fix it because i'd really love too play
leneleven ratingfive this is now the best game and better than temple run
lenten ratingfive really good game way more realistic than regular temple run
lenfour ratingfive new graphics are amazing!
lenseven ratingfive the gameplay is a lot better now.
lennine ratingfive just fix the points issue and ure on it!
lentwo ratingfive deserves 5 stars!
lentwelve ratingone i can't dload. . .giving an error message. . .what should i do?
lensix ratingfive this is so epic and cool
lennine ratingfive not really smooth in highest graphic mode, but awesome !
lenseven ratingfive works well with my sony xperia ion
lenfourteen ratingone i like it but it only shows a little portion of the play screen.
lenfourteen ratingone it seems oversized wonder if you could format it to work with all phones.
lenninetythree ratingfive i am totally addicted to it.better then first one good control,good graphics.really a great game.i have one issue when meter fills up for the power up to activate we have to click so some it getting me out.other when i already have a powerup and same  power up if i am getting then it lasts only for the first one only so no use of second one.also add some objectives on obstacle remover otherwise it will not used much still excellent work i love the rope concept.
lentwentyfour ratingthree laggy on virgin mobile htc one v but would be good, played it on ipod great, mjust fix the lag on htc one v
lentwelve ratingfour i like it but takes a while to turn and make movements
lensix ratingfive best game for time killing process
lentwentythree ratingfour this is a great game and all, but the one thing that isn't the beat is the tunnels are way to hard.
lenfive ratingfive good evrything good job guys
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lenten ratingfive lots of added stuffs that made the game more addictive
lenfour ratingfive nice and good game
lenfifteen ratingtwo my phone is samsung galaxy ch@t everything else works very good, except the resolution
lensix ratingfive omg this game is so addicting.
lensix ratingfive its better than the other version.
lensix ratingfive and way better then temple run 1.
lentwentyfour ratingfive when i am bored and have nothing to do temple run 2 cheers me up and takes my boredom away its so addictive and fun.
lensix ratingfive thanks for temple run 2 imangi studios!
lenthree ratingfive nice to play
lentwentysix ratingfive the first temple run was okay and could use some improvements but in temple run 2, imagni studios made some major improvents and went beyond my standard
lenthree ratingfour a little choppy
lentwenty ratingone everytime i hit 3500 coins it buys a boost even if i don't want it and it lags a lot.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love it, i just hate that it skips when i play music at the same time.
lenfifteen ratingfive the 1st one was a lot easier but this gives you more variety and different obstacles
lentwo ratingfive ya amazing!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive what an awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive rock solid performance on the sgs2.
lenfive ratingfive best game on the market!
lennineteen ratingthree well it doesn't have lots of characters and it goes slow and when you tilt it freezes sometimes.
leneight ratingthree other than that it is an addicting game: )
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfourteen ratingone i press on it an it just goes right back to my home page!
leneight ratingfive awesome game and doesn't lag at all.
lenseven ratingfive better then the first i love it.
lentwo ratingfive execellent game :-)
lenfive ratingfive its really fun to play
lentwo ratingfive smoothy mooty
lenthirteen ratingfive some issues but i know theyll get steamed out in the first update.
lenthree ratingfive more leveld maybe?
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run 1 at all aspects
lenthree ratingfour its kinda osum.!
leneleven ratingfour jst dr r no wings power up lyk in tmple run 1.
lensix ratingfour also its hard to earn gems.!
lenseven ratingfour also tks too much tym to launch!
lenfive ratingfour fix ds.it dsrvs 5 stars!
lennine ratingfive a very cool game i love to play it
lenfive ratingfive awesome but need more characters
lensix ratingfour the game itself is pretty good.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour it's more challenging for me after being so used to the old version, which is also good; the change keeps me interested (although i do like the old menu design better).
lenfifteen ratingfour i do feel that there are some sensitivity issues that need to be corrected though.
lenseventeen ratingfour i have to tilt my device very sharply in order to effectively avoid obstacles and get coins.
lentwo ratingfive super addicting. ?
lenfortyone ratingthree why does it lag soo much?its soo annoying specially when your truing to avoid falling it lags and it just sucks when i try to use save then it crashes if you could fix those bugs id give 5 stars immedietly
lenfive ratingfive very fun and entertaining game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is sweet you can swing on stuff told you it was sweet
leneleven ratingthree its a little bit laggy though i really love this game!
lensix ratingfive it fun and great for kids
lensix ratingfive awesome love it just one thing.
lenthirteen ratingfive i wish it had more.charactors and more power ups that last longer
lensix ratingfive i favor this over the original.
lenseven ratingfive no noticeable glitches, bugs or errors either.
lenfour ratingfive like it .love it.!
lentwentyfour ratingfive i have been waiting for this game for a long time and it's better than the previous version.the graphics are much better.
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo runs pretty poorly on my gnex, lags and stutters even on lowest graphics setting.
lennine ratingtwo shame, because it looks like a great sequel otherwise.
lenseven ratingfive love to play this all the time
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is very addicting and i like the sudden change of scenery too.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely amazing.
lenten ratingfive super addicting, great improvements from #1, and just a great game.
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first this one is wayy better worth your while
lenthirteen ratingtwo i love the game the only problem is now i cant play it.
lentwentysix ratingtwo it was working fine on my phone now it wont open and if i delete it im not reinstalling it and have to start all over
lenfive ratingfive what a game indeed.impressed
lenseven ratingfive this game is really fun to play!
lenten ratingfive i think it is better than the first temple run(:
lensix ratingfive a good upgrade from #1, very fun.
lenfourteen ratingthree i don't like the animation when he trips but the gameplay and graphics
lenfive ratingfive nice upgrade to the original.
lenfifteen ratingfive not a big fan of pay to play games but it works fine without it
lensix ratingfour much more difficult than the first.
lennine ratingfive mahirap pero ang laki ng ginanda na visual graphics
lenten ratingthree crash in galaxy si9000 after the first play  pls fix it
lenseventeen ratingfive for those who loved the first temple run download the temple run2 its awesome on my android tablet
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthirteen ratingfive just wish i could easily share my highscore to my facebook friends too
lentwo ratingfour simply superb!
leneighteen ratingone i love this game but it won't load past the first screen on my lg p920 please fix:)
lentwelve ratingfour it is better in some ways than the original temple run but.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour in temple run 1 u dont need an internet connection to buy upgrades and in this one u do and thats annoying but its a great game and looks good too especially the ugly beast
lenthree ratingfive very nice graphics
lentwo ratingfour nice sequel.
lensixteen ratingfour 5 stars if upgrade are not so hard yo acquire but overall.good game to play with.
lensix ratingfive great game just fix some bugs
lenthirtysix ratingfive awesome game.quite great for a sequel.but  magnet powerup unlike 1st versions is quite useless this time .v do not get 3times coins for 1 as v used to get earlier.pls change it .also d tilt sensitivity .
lensixteen ratingfour game is just awesome i love it but make an update to improve the tilt ability.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 - m lovin it
lenseven ratingfive this game is much better and better.
lensix ratingfive much better than the pervious one!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive great game, very addictive and easy to get used to
lennine ratingone itvsucks dosentveven fit my screen everythingis is si big
lensix ratingfive nothing to comment its just fantastic.
lenseventeen ratingfive i have loved temple run and now i am so excited that temple run 2 has come out!
lenfive ratingfive thank you imagni studio's!
lenfifteen ratingfive i thought it hard to top the original but it's most certainly been done.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphic
lenfour ratingone will rate once tried
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive great experience .3d
lenfour ratingfive awesome game n graphics.
lenfive ratingfive this game is the bomb
lenthree ratingfive nice game ever
lenfifteen ratingfive it awesome could use more fire and some spheres and new characters like a ninja
leneight ratingfour please fix the big graphics on lg optimus l3.
leneight ratingfour i rate 5 if it is fixed thank you
leneleven ratingfive brilliant game, alot better as there are more tasks to complete.
lentwo ratingfive highley addictive
lenthree ratingfive life is game
lenfive ratingfive it's a terrific game.
lennine ratingfive it is far more better than the 1st temple run.
lenseven ratingfive the introduction of cart adds more fun.
lenfive ratingfive good source of killing time.
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is great with my ipad 4 and even with my samsung tab.
lentwentytwo ratingfour but the sensitivity of the tilt is still so-so, and the turning to left and right really makes it a 4-star.
lenfive ratingfour but overall it's great!
lenthree ratingfour improve it more.
lenfive ratingfive cant stop playin since yesterday!
lenten ratingfive its jst awesome much much more better than d 1st part
lentwelve ratingfive the game runs great with my note 2, however sometimes it's lagging .
lenfourteen ratingfive but still the game is more easier to play than the first teme run .
lensix ratingfive about the othwr note 2's complaints .
lenten ratingfive bcoz the game runs smoothly and great with my note 2 .
lenthree ratingfive thanks imangi studio  .
leneleven ratingfive amazing game, that game is the one i was looking for
lennine ratingone why cant i install it in my galaxy tablet? :(((
lenten ratingfour freezes for micro secs when the run is really fast
lenten ratingfive much mre fun n mch mre entertaining den temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i downloaded the app but it wont start  up i hear nose thow at lease i know what it sounds like thow
lenfour ratingfive enjoying on its peak.
lentwo ratingfive stunning graphics.
lenten ratingfive waiting for some more extraordinary features in temple run 3. :-d
lentwo ratingfive excellent 3d effect
leneight ratingfive it is a exelent game in my life
lenseventeen ratingthree good game but freezes too often and need to switch phone off and on to clear it.
lentwelve ratingthree graphics is very cools but average enjoyment as compare to previous version.
leneight ratingfive more challenging than the previous game, like it
lentwentyfour ratingfive i was shoked to see this i though it would be much borring than temple run 1 but when i downtoded i just looved it
lensix ratingfive good graphics  like the colour coins
lenfour ratingfive tr2 is a great game.
lensix ratingfive graphics are good setting is great.
lennine ratingfive it lags here and there but nothing to serious.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive this game is far better than itz previous version!
lentwentyfour ratingfive graphicz is very nice.very nice color combo.itz just awesome nothin to say.n ya this doesn't lags like the previous one!
lennine ratingfour could be a little more responsive, otherwise great game! :-)
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree while there are some bugs like one  always have to force kill the application(back button never takes you out of the game) and while running through the damaged wall one has to tilt his mobile too much.
lenfour ratingthree otherwise a 5 star app.
lenten ratingfour a nice game with huge improvements over the first one.
lenfive ratingfour responsive controls and entertaining gameplay.
lentwelve ratingfour some minor bugs that need to be repaired for a perfect game.
lenseven ratingfive it's.excelent no lagg or biggs .
lenten ratingfive i like the new features and they way for powers
lenten ratingfour i think this is a great app i love it.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour but the only thing is it it never loads on my phone and i dont know why please help me figure out my and fix the bug but other than that i love it.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have been playing temple run one since it was released and now another one comes again but with far more improvements.
lenfive ratingfive keep it up imangi studios! :)
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 rocks.
lenfour ratingfive wow good game 5 stars!
lenfourteen ratingfive alittle bit tricky at the start but as always a great game to play.
lenseven ratingfive awesomest game i hv evr played :-d
lensixteen ratingone i was looking forward to paying but when i open it, it just freezes my phone.
lenfive ratingone looks like a fun game.
leneight ratingfour love the game only problem is the lag.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lentwo ratingfive simple game.
lentwelve ratingfive it's better than temple run 2 and it's just so addicting.
lentwelve ratingfive i don't get bored even if  i play it all day.
lennineteen ratingfive i love this new game coz it's really different from temple run 1 :) it has more twists and turns.
lenthree ratingfour a worthy sequel.
lenfive ratingfour runs great on my nexus 4.
lenfive ratingfive i loved playing this game.
lennineteen ratingtwo it worked perfectly at first but now its so laggy it won't let me jump half the time.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingone wht the i cant download 2 games already this too this my favorite game
leneight ratingfive really good .this is better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive more pls
lenfive ratingone game, graphics are awesome, but.
lenthirteen ratingone it throws me out of game whn i got caught after running 10k+ mtr.
lennine ratingone it happend with ne four times in a row !
lentwenty ratingone ane thr sud an optn for sensitivity cntrl i need to tilt ma phn badly while running on broken bridge
lensix ratingfour its great.cant wait for temple run3.
lentwentyeight ratingthree this game is hella fun, but since i've updated it, whenever i'm ready to play it it goes to the load page & then just exits out
lentwenty ratingfive i like it a lot does not freeze on me it works great way better than the first 1 different to
lennineteen ratingfive i am very much happy with the game, the difficulty level has increased but it is fun to play.
leneight ratingfive also they have removed the back button bug.
lenten ratingfive one of the best mobile games i have ever played
lentwentyone ratingone i could download it, but it forces to close right after company logo shows up and i could never play it.
lenfour ratingfive its awesome  amazingly graphics
lenfour ratingfive it was surprisingly fun.
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lensix ratingfour better graphics than the first one.
lenseven ratingfour a must app for temple run lovers.
leneleven ratingfive just as good, if not better than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive great game, highly recommend.
leneight ratingfive this the best game ever i love it
lenfour ratingfive i loved new version.
lentwentyseven ratingfive i wasn't very excited about temple run like everyone else but when i got my hands on templerun2 i haven't been able to put it down!
leneight ratingfive very addictive & more entertaining than the first game!
leneleven ratingthree too similar, the gems are bad but the game remains good.
leneleven ratingfive the sensitivity for.tilting is a minus but its all good
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lensix ratingfive easy way to kill f time.
lenthree ratingfive very intelligent game
leneighteen ratingfive this game is so exciting and very perfect for me, super enjoy this game, h am so adicted.
lenfive ratingfive love the graphics and levels!
lennine ratingone never will open just forecloses and goes to homescreen
lentwentyseven ratingfour only bad thing is sometimes when you use the green gems it freezes up and cuts game off and you lose all your progress from that game.
lenfive ratingfour plus it needs more characters.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game! :*.
lensix ratingfive much better now, and more challenging
leneighteen ratingfive this is a really fun game, i love it,and i would download it if i were you!   :).  :)
lentwenty ratingfive temple run 2 developed such a way that its more fun than the first one .keep up the gud work guys.
lenfive ratingfive interesting twist and new terrain!
lenseven ratingfive missing some characters from the first game!
leneleven ratingfour stuttery and unresponsive at times, but great when it isn't
lenseventeen ratingfive it's very surprising to know that temple run 2 is finally released and it's all free.
lentwelve ratingfive really addictive with increasing graph quality and routes, especially the underground mine.
lenseven ratingthree good changes compared to the first part.
lenseven ratingthree but not enough for a 5 star rating
lenfour ratingfive gr88888 game.warning highly addictive.
lenfour ratingfive bro mean azz game
lentwentyfive ratingtwo great graphics and improvements to overall game, but a lot of freezing going on in this game,  especially when you're trying to save yourself.
lensix ratingthree gameplay is better than first one.
lensix ratingthree however, tilt sensitivity is too low.
lenseventeen ratingthree sometimes, the character retains boost speed even after boost power up has finished, but has no invincibility.
leneleven ratingthree coin magnet power up was supposed to be available at level 5.
lentwenty ratingthree but it asks if i'd like to buy coins when i try to unlock it (i am on level 8).
lenten ratingthree i used a few gems to upgrade a power up.
lennine ratingthree it wasn't upgraded but i lost my gems.
leneighteen ratingthree it'd have given it 2*, but gave it 3* since it's new and might have updates improve it.
lenten ratingfive both games are awesome and you can not compare 'em.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive the first one was a little low on graphics otherwise temple run 1 is still unbeatable, though, temple run 2 is even more deeper, deadlier & difficult than the first one, and the graphics of the game are very impressive.
lennine ratingfive it' s actually a visual treat for the eyes.
lenfour ratingfive i like temple 1 or 2
lenfive ratingfive this is an amazing game
lentwo ratingfive syeda alya
lensix ratingfive i like the game its awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfour ratingfive better than older version
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthirtythree ratingfour since i got the game it was running smoothly then it started to freeze up which causes me to die please fix.other wise it is a great game to play very fun
lentwo ratingfive perfecto amazing
lenfive ratingfive nice one.i liked it.
lensix ratingfive awsum beter dan da old one
lenseven ratingfive great over all.forgotten about  temple run 1
lenten ratingthree sensivity issue and wen press save me game exits automatically.
lentwo ratingone cant download.
lenten ratingone i've tried a several times and still cant download.
lenfive ratingfour a better game from imangi.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenten ratingfour but one problem, the tilt sensitivity needs to be faster.
lenthree ratingfour but great game!
leneight ratingone it wont let me play keeps backin out !
lentwo ratingfive great gme!
lentwentysix ratingfour needs improvement in tilt sensitivity makes it diificult to play temple run 1 was way better in this, it should move exactly as u tilt ur phone
lentwelve ratingfive cool and fun well worth the wait and better than the original!
lennine ratingfour can you make the sensitiveness and tilting better on
lenseven ratingfive awesome.improved graphics.new features.just amazing !
lenfour ratingfive thumbs up to imangi !
lentwo ratingfive fry improved
lentwo ratingfour improved graphics!
lenseven ratingfive great game, really fantastic, keep the spirit.
lenthree ratingfive lovin the game
lentwo ratingfive graphics - wow.
lentwo ratingfive interface - amazing
lenfive ratingthree tilt sensitivity, response to gestures.
lentwelve ratingthree and minor factors need to be looked at in the next update.
lensix ratingone didn't like it a bit.
lenfifteen ratingfive great game to play while passing the time & so much better than the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenthree ratingfive a perfect sequel.
leneight ratingfive the biggest feature with tr2 is the new graphic!
lentwo ratingfive ooohh yeah!
lenseven ratingfive another running, jumping, sliding and now gliding!
lenseven ratingfive this addicting game really keeps you satisfied!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 3?
lenfour ratingfive great work imangi studios!
lenfive ratingfive i love to play this . .
leneleven ratingfive as it is over all better then the old temple run
lenfourteen ratingfive what a wonderful game pls add  more updates.works brilliant on my dell pc
lenfour ratingfive very nice guy's
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is superb with brilliant graphics and better than temple run,i appreciate the efforts of makers,they done a superb job
lenfour ratingfive grt and smoth game
lensix ratingfour great game to past the time.
lenfourteen ratingfour don't know if i like better than the first, but looks pretty descent.
lentwo ratingfour freeze sometimes
lenthree ratingfive good temple run
lensix ratingfive awesome superb.no words to describe
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive even better graphics then the first!
lenfifteen ratingfive also love that you can see the trail ahead and know what's coming up!
lensixteen ratingfour awesum game experience, but it hangs sometime n plays in slow motion which is very irritating.
lenten ratingfour i have nothing to say about the game, its great.
lenfortyone ratingfour its just idk where coins is at now cuz i know forsure before i played i had 2000 coins n after i played i got 3000 coins then when i was about to upgrade my magnet i only had 1400 left in my coins.
lenten ratingfive i love its first and second both editions awesome game
lenseven ratingfive one of the best game on market
lenten ratingfive this temple run is better than the first temple run
lenfifteen ratingone i was looking forward to playing but when i downloaded it, it didn't work
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooo awesome
lentwentytwo ratingfive hey awesome game and mind blowing graphic  but wanna ask one more thing  can you put a sensitivity option like temple run 1 ?
lenten ratingone bad and hard first one eaiser dont waist ur time
lennineteen ratingfour great game, better than the first, but unlike the first you can do an objective but it wont count.
leneleven ratingfour also it could use swipe sensitivity and tilt sensitivity adjustment options.
lenthirteen ratingfour ive got a light touch so i have some gripes about the controls.
lenfive ratingfour but overall a good game.
lenfive ratingfive now it's more challenging!
lenfourteen ratingthree it's an awesome game but runs slow ,hope this thing is resolved asap
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 1 is so amazing that i'm so speechless and amazed when temple run 2 came out!
lenfive ratingfive thanks for releasing this game. :-)
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive easily addicted
lentwelve ratingfive the first one was great but the second one is more addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfour the graphics are great no hesitation graphics flow somewhat evenly keeps the interest
lensix ratingfive just 2 words to say "its awesome"
lenfive ratingone 8:00 pm i want retry download.
lenten ratingfive i play it all day long i luv this game
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lentwo ratingfour super game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfive ratingfour nice one from imangi studio.
lenfive ratingfive best temple run yet, good!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive loved the game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenseven ratingfive game is awesome but needs more characters
lenseven ratingfive i played the first and loved it.
lensix ratingfive the sequel is even much better!
lenfifteen ratingfive good thing you can collect gems ingame instead of making it buyable with real money.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game!
lenthree ratingfive enjoyed the game.
lenfive ratingfive level 8 in just a day.
lenfour ratingfive i like it ok
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenthirteen ratingone the game wont even open for me, so i can't rate quality.
leneight ratingone obviously they need to work on it still
lentwo ratingfour owsum game
leneleven ratingfive better them temple run old game download all android usear play
lenfour ratingfive better the temple run 1
lentwo ratingfour real fun
lentwenty ratingfive this is an awesome game but for some reason my tilting was inverted and i can't change it back.
lenseventeen ratingfive also when i first started playing i got 2000 coins but for some reason it said i had 500.
lenfour ratingfive please correct this error!
leneight ratingfive even more addicting then the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive a 5 star game.
leneleven ratingfive the update fixed the very minor "back button not exiting app"
lenfive ratingfive problem for my samsung galaxy s2.
lenten ratingfive thank you for making a perfect game like this free.
lenfourteen ratingfive update-just got all of the abilities and afterwards i purchased the coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfive greatest game ever and well worth purchasing the coin doubler to help the dev.
lenthree ratingfive good  enjoyed  game
lentwo ratingfive nice dude
lentwo ratingfive fuck offf
lentwelve ratingone glitches like crazy can't even play freezes phone constantly resets it
lenthree ratingfive itz just amazing. :)
lenfourteen ratingthree does not quit easily.quite a lot of lagging when this app is open
lenfive ratingfive bettr than the older version: )
lenthirteen ratingfive very awesome its like real life, very good who made this thank you.
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is really fun it is way better than the first one  i thought the first one was brill its more of a challenge
lenthree ratingfive nice improved graphics.
lenseven ratingfive its the best game on android platform
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfourteen ratingthree the game is great but there are a few bugs that i've noticed.
lentwelve ratingthree it takes double the gems when powering an ability and always resets.
lenfortytwo ratingthree i've seen that once i play a game and for example i'll have 3000 coins, after the next game it randomly goes to a lower number of coins, it never stacks up and it's hard to get 5000 coins in 1 run.
leneleven ratingfive really wonderful and amazing in graphics and for all age groups
lenfive ratingfive i love playing this game.
lenseven ratingfive i play this during breaks from work.
lentwentyeight ratingthree addictive game but on qvga screen it shows bigger pause icon n the corner one so not able to see whr its running plzz fix it othrwise 5 stars
leneight ratingfive its like temple run & rail rush put together.
leneighteen ratingfive graphics are much better - and can easily fool you into falling off the cliff when toh start off.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfive this is the best bast bost bist temple run lol
lenfour ratingfive nice1.i like u try.
lenseven ratingfive better than first.superb game.thumbs up.
lenseven ratingone this only stays at imagi then crashes
leneleven ratingfive super nice it is like the old but better very awesome
lenfourteen ratingfive love the game i just love the rope part but i need more characters.
lenthree ratingfive dont miss it.!
leneighteen ratingfour was longing for something as addictive as temple run and temple run 2 is as fun as its predecessor.
lentwentyone ratingfour the app is so fun , the only problem is that it takes forever to start when you first click the app.
lenseventeen ratingfour but sometimes the road ahead disappears and i fall off the face of the earth and die.
lenfive ratingfour other wise i love it ;)
lensixteen ratingfour i love this game already, but the only problem is that it takes forever to load.
lenfive ratingfive kya apps hai re baap
lentwentyfour ratingone this game is amazing and addicting just like temple run 1 but there is one thing that you can't do in temple run 2, screenshot.
leneight ratingone i can't screenshot with temple run 2 opened.
lenthree ratingone samsung galaxy siii
leneighteen ratingfour ive played it on tje iphone and loved it but on my lg l3 it has a resolution problem.
lenfive ratingfour today it wouldnt even load
lentwo ratingfive sexy graphics.
lenthree ratingfive no lags nthn.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensixteen ratingfive just need a additional  feature like leadershipboard to see highest scores of all frndz n world.,
lenten ratingfive read comments about sensitivity but its just fine for me.
lenseventeen ratingfive better to lean your mobile the way it should be leaned to the sides for added thrill
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lensix ratingfive a wonderful refresh on the franchise.
lenseven ratingfive great game, better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i'm so enjoying this game because of its great graphics ans it makes me feel like i'm running on the game too.
lentwenty ratingfive better then the first.awesome graphics,new twists,more fun,more fun and all this for free.definately deserves 5 stars.
leneleven ratingfive love the graphics and the overall game play and less frustrating.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are very gud.
lenfour ratingfive new powers are amazing.
lenthree ratingfive a nice package.
lennine ratingfive the graphics and overall quality of game is excellent
lenfour ratingfive just a perfect game.
lenfive ratingfive hats off to its maker.:)
lennine ratingfour same gameplay, many obstacles and even more addictive :d
lentwelve ratingfive this game is o some game gr8 grafix .its better  then tempul run 1st .
lenthree ratingfive sobrang galimg nito.
lentwentythree ratingfive it shows the progress of every stage and objectives,i love the path of the game which results in more amazing n adventurous.
lenfour ratingfive m enjoying a lot.
leneight ratingfive i like rhizome game n the first one
lenthirty ratingthree it is good but in the background there is a lot of yellow colour which makes it a bit dull  in the greenry also there is a lot of yellow.
lenthree ratingthree add cool blue
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lensix ratingfour sometimes when i used "save me"
lenthirteen ratingfive needs more upgrades on items like flying eagle and other pets and items.
lennineteen ratingfour the changes made in temple run2 are commandable: the curved roads, waterfalls, mine carts the sunshine and the excellent settings.
lenseven ratingfour i'm really addicted to this game.
leneighteen ratingfour however, a small problem does exist: sometimes when i press "play again", the system just fails to respond.
lenseven ratingfour hope this bug can be soon fixed.
lenseven ratingfive so so good game i like it
lenseven ratingfive another winner, runs flawlessly on galaxy nexus
lentwelve ratingfive like i said, i am really particular on the apps i use.
lenfifteen ratingfive nor do i ever post reviews but some people need help finding the right game.
lenten ratingfive i really appriciate the things imangi has taken into consideration.
lentwo ratingfive ourstanding job.
lenten ratingfive download it, for the price you dont pay, its awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game ivan stop playing it works great on my galaxy s3
lensix ratingfive its a very good time killer
lenthirteen ratingone when i try to resurrect by clicking on the gem, the game freezes.
leneleven ratingfour as a player of the first one ibeas excited for temple 2.
lennineteen ratingfour it does have some great parts to it, though the monster takes up a big portion of the screen.                   .
lenfifteen ratingfive they didn't drop the ball with the sequel of the original game at all.
leneleven ratingfour everything seem so wonderful but my only problem is the sensitivity!
lentwentyone ratingfour could give a adjust sensitivity option just as the old temple run game.over all a nice game but needs improvement.
lensixteen ratingone idk if it's the game or if it's my phone but it keeps glitching.
lenthirteen ratingone i swipe to turn, it freezes, then i'm flat against the wall.
lenfour ratingfour awesome graphics, obstacle & powerups.
lentwentynine ratingfour but swipe down dos'nt work instantly & if this would have a login in fb and beat high score of our friends, then it will get 5 stars from me.
lennine ratingfour work in login to facebook and gain more attention.
leneleven ratingthree before the game starts,it closes & i cant even play it!
lenten ratingthree for the very minimum times ive played, its fun & addicting!
lenthirteen ratingthree i just wish i could play it on my phone wihout it closing!
lenten ratingfive make me feel im the one running on the game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfour good but not like the temple run .
lenfour ratingfour sensitivity should be improved.
lentwenty ratingfour awsome game but if they can make some updates like the sensitivity of the game, it will be more awsome! :)
leneighteen ratingfive was a big fan of first game but this game has taken it to a whole next level.
lenfive ratingfive kudos to the developer team.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys.
lenfifteen ratingfive no words to say its fantastic, if  u like temple then its perfect for you
lentwelve ratingfive this is suchva huge upgrade, and im loving every part of it!
lenthirteen ratingfive its a shame i can't give more than 5 stars :)  well done guys!
lennineteen ratingfive i think this is very nice game when we r free so then good time paas for this game
leneleven ratingfive wow cool game.i think many of you enjoyed this game.
lenseven ratingfive the best game out i love ittt
lennine ratingfive this an amazing game p lay it trust me
lensix ratingone the tilt is simply non existent.
lenfifteen ratingone you do what you can with your phone, but the tilt has extremely poor sensitivity.
leneight ratingone neither can you set it in the settings.
lensix ratingone reactions to the input is slow!
lensix ratingone un-installing, that is for sure!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive more goals to keep you coming back.
leneight ratingfive thank you for a great game for free.
lenseventeen ratingfive great sequel.lives up to the temple run tradition of fast paced game with breath taking graphics.
lennine ratingfive this game realy great.every buddy can dowloadeddddd --------(awesome)
lenthree ratingone unable to play.
lenfour ratingone game is nt clear.
lenten ratingone more than half of the screen is covered by score.
lennine ratingfive very nice game and graphics are also too good
lenfortythree ratingfour love the gameplay except for the pay to get highscore method now:/ it wouldve been better if you would limit the number of ressurections with the gems so the highscores would be more based on skill and not how many gems you buy.
leneleven ratingtwo keeps freezing my phone up & freezing while i'm playing it
lenten ratingfive what agame its should get more than temple run downloads
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i try to play it goes to the cover pic and then back to my apps.
lenten ratingone i've uninstalled and reinstalled and idk wat to do.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i tilt my phone so far it still falls of the bridge need to fix it sensitivity needs to be fixed as well
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.
lentwo ratingfive 5 star undoubtly
lentwentyfour ratingthree i play it a lot but the problem is sometimes it crashed when i hit the save me and i lose all my gems.
leneight ratingfive a like this better than the first one!
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is more challenging and and at the graphics are a lot nicer!
leneleven ratingfive i am glad that this app is free of any charge!  :)
lenseven ratingfive love this game, definately beats temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive definitely recommend it
lennine ratingfive it just couldn't get any better.love it
lentwo ratingfive nyc sets .!
lentwo ratingfive luks cool
lenfifteen ratingfive the game is really verry much improved and it is as good as subway surfurs
lenten ratingfive i love this game and i always won the game
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfour okay, everything is amazing!
lennineteen ratingfour there's too much lag and it makes me die every time and they gotta work on the sensitivity!
lenfour ratingfive graphics at the peak!
lentwo ratingfive nyc games
lenfour ratingfour this game totally rocks!
lenfifteen ratingfour more fun awaits and there it was a pretty awesome game ever since temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingfour all i can say to the team who made this a huge success a kudos!
lentwelve ratingfour just keep us updates if there may be issues going on! :-d
lennineteen ratingthree petty good sequel, for some reason i can't unlock the coin magnet even though i'm on level 8.
lenten ratingthree not as 'pure' as the first but more fun imo
lensix ratingfive better than #1 keep it coming guys!
lenten ratingfive nice game awesome graphics.the original fun with new twists. ;)
lennineteen ratingthree i like but sometimes if i want to play it there are times it close unexpectedly.please fix it.
lentwo ratingfour excellent graphics
lentwo ratingfive top rated
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a much more balanced game which was a huge favorite of mine.
lensix ratingfive easy to get relativley high scores.
leneight ratingfive very good game.much better than the first.
lenthree ratingfour great, no boring!
lenthirteen ratingfive hi, when the life is lost, it asks if we want to continue.
lenfourteen ratingfive when select skip button the app gets strucked and is happening only after updation.
lenfive ratingfive it is a cool game
lenseventeen ratingone it only sit at the main logo with the green i then force closed kept crashing down
lennineteen ratingfive edit: found a really annoying bug when using boost from a cave then out and pass through a zipline.
lensixteen ratingfive the speed doesn't seem to slow down after boost expires after going down the zipline.
lenfifteen ratingfive hope this gets fixed and also i hope the powerups get stacked with the abilities. :)
lensix ratingone everytime i try to open it.
lenfourteen ratingone it brings up the opening thing and then goes back to my home screen.
lenten ratingfour tilt sensitivity and controls not so good as old one .
lentwentyone ratingfour graphic more hq than temple run 1.and more easier.tilt sensitivity should be fix.i keep felt when half way coming!
lenfour ratingfive good game really cool
leneight ratingfive brilliant game and way better than the original!
lennine ratingfive love all the changes made since the first one
lentwo ratingfive wicked fun!
leneleven ratingfour played it on ios hope it works fine on android too.
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics.
lenseven ratingfour kudos to the temple run development team.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive after i read that they released tr2 for apple, couldnt help but wait the android version.
lenfour ratingfive 5 stars for imangi studios!
lensix ratingfive it's more fun thn before .
leneight ratingfive a really good game make a temple run 3
lennine ratingfive i think it is more funny,exciting and 3d than 1  !
lennine ratingone game will not play or load on lg optimus 3d
lentwentyone ratingfour finally,a game that will match the hype surrounding the 1st one.honestly,wsn't impressed with the tr1 bt this is 2 gud.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is more interesting than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i like the graphs.
lenfiftynine ratingfive i think that this game is good, but when you go into the mine it tells you everything you need to know untill you get to the part where you are only on one track and it doesnt tell you wot to do, but obously i know now but i had to ask alot of ppl to find out!
lentwentythree ratingfive lol also my phone is a samsung galaxy ace 2 and its quite hard to work the game with out it getting stuck ocasonly!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingone game takes forever to load.
lentwelve ratingone and half the time it doesn't load it just backs out.
lenfive ratingfour its a wonderful experience playing tr2.
lenthree ratingfour amazing n thrilling :-)
lentwentyseven ratingfive it's an entertaining game, but if your listening to music and start playing the game the music starts playing through the speaker instead of the headphones
lenthree ratingfive great game dude
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a majorly fun game greatly upgraded recommend for all my t runners
lennine ratingfive an addictive game that will make your boredom gone!
lenten ratingthree sensitivity is shocking and needs work, but graphics are great!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i loved the firdt temple run and i went ahead a bought temple run brave and lovef that as well  now temple run 2 is out  i just got it and i cant put it down.
lenseven ratingfive it just as addicting as its predecessors.
leneleven ratingfive great game for an application whether its demon monkeys or mordu.
lennine ratingfive youll never get tired even though your character should
lenseven ratingfour tilt is a harder than temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfour swipe need a little bit more sensitive.
lentwo ratingfour jelly bean 4.1.2
lenfive ratingfive u rawk it again baby.
lenfifteen ratingthree still freezes like the first one fix or im deleting on my galexy exhibit phone
leneight ratingfive i loved this version than the first version.
lenseven ratingfive i m totally addicted for this version.
lensix ratingthree a huge improvement on previous version.
lentwelve ratingthree though a bit too much junk to avoid makes it quickly tiresome.
lensix ratingthree they could change it a little.
lentwelve ratingthree i would suggest to use some sober colors than flashy flashy ones.
leneleven ratingone bought coin doubler 3 days ago and it still doesn't work.
lensix ratingone don't buy in-app purchases.
lenfourteen ratingone game is almost as slow on a gs3 than temple run1 on my old htc desire.
lenfourteen ratingone textures take too long to load and it freezes the game when doing so.
lentwo ratingfive fantasic game~
lenseven ratingfive a fantastic sequel to a fantasic game.
lenseven ratingfive loads perfectly and has even better graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i would highly recomend!
lennineteen ratingfive its waaaaaay better than the first one i love it and when you play you just can't stop!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive better than tr one
lenfour ratingfive nice graphic, nice gameplay!
leneleven ratingone i've tried to download and it keeps coming up with "
lentwo ratingone file invalid".
lenfour ratingone would like to play
lentwenty ratingfive great effort, great game play, graphics and gets you to keep playing it because of its various stuff to do.
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi
lentwo ratingfive addictive game :)
lentwelve ratingone plz  optimize it for htc desire because i would like to download
lentwelve ratingfive whoever didn't get this game yet should get it right now!
lenthree ratingfive graphics is supurb
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
leneleven ratingfour please improve the tilt sensitivity meanwhile provide the setting of it .
lenseven ratingfive i love it better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfour temple run is still undefeated.
leneight ratingfour please optimize this game for single core cpu.
lenseven ratingthree i love it but it's laggy.
lentwo ratingthree great graphics!
lenseventeen ratingfive good news is that there is a 2nd one and it has way better graphics than the 1st one.
lenfortyseven ratingfive bad news is there's a lot of glitches of hitting the ground and falling right through it on a jump when you land, and when pause at a jump or turn an on resume it won't register the swipe instead just go something horribly wrong.
lennine ratingfive other than that this is the best game lol
lenthirteen ratingfive i have to admit this is a lot better than the first one.
lenten ratingfive it keeps you on your toes throughout the whole game.
lenthirteen ratingfive found a bug before with the back button but they quickly fixed it.
lenthree ratingfive awesome.imangi rocks.
lenseven ratingfive this game is f***ing amazing! :d
leneight ratingfive love this game i play it every day
lenthree ratingfive non stop fun!
lentwenty ratingfour only issue i have had so far is the game occasionally freezing and restarting when i try to "save myself".
lensix ratingfour other than that, perfection and addiction
lenfour ratingfive superb amd sleek lovenitmuch,,,,,,,,,,,,,!
lennineteen ratingfive excellent game but there is a little weird that the character's shadow is always in the north-west! :)
lenfive ratingfive wow they outdid themselves again!
lensix ratingfive this game is more additive yet!
leneight ratingfive i dont think i will ever stop playing.
lenthree ratingone this game sucks!
lenseventeen ratingone this game turns on the floating touch feature even if it is turnes off in the system.
leneighteen ratingfive i find it hard because the background and was moving too that make's me feel like dizzy.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the graphics but the characters are only 4 while the first version has more.
leneight ratingfive the new version of temple run is fun.
lenseven ratingfive love the new characters, powerups, and upgrades.
lensix ratingfive just as fun as the original.
lensix ratingfive love it in a crazy way.
leneleven ratingfive spend way too many hours trying to do better and better.
leneight ratingfive my daughter and i play all the time
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive added hills, new scenery, cool new traps, bends and curves, a cool mine cart.
leneight ratingfive its a lot of fun and super addicting!
lentwo ratingfive nix fnta+
leneleven ratingone it keeps taking my money without updating the coins and gems.
lensix ratingfive much better graphics than temple run 1.
lenthirty ratingfour temple run was one of my first android game and the best one too with the 2nd part of it they r really trying to take it to the next level.
lennine ratingfour love it but where r d othr chrctrs.3chrctrs missing.
leneighteen ratingtwo when i start the game it shows the beginning screen and after few seconds it closes wtf guys.
lensixteen ratingfive it's really fun,has awsome graphics and feels like a huge step from temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive super game
leneleven ratingfive love love love love love it! :-)  hoping for temple run 3 hihihi :-)
lentwo ratingthree lags sometimes.
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfour this game is good 'cuz its got more graphics than temple run
lenseven ratingfive much improved graphics.nice interface liked it
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played
lenfour ratingfive good game endless fun
lentwo ratingfive addicting game!
lenfour ratingfive needs a daily reward
lenten ratingfive great additions to make game play a bit more fun.
lenfive ratingfive runs smooth on my gnex.
lennine ratingthree i find this version more challenging than the first.
lensix ratingthree the grafixs are great and colorful.
lennine ratingthree the zip line and roller coaster are my favs.
lennineteen ratingthree and once you fill up your meter all you get is a shield that only protects against one obstacle.
lentwelve ratingthree it's fun and different but there is definitely need for improvement.
lenseventeen ratingfour when you swipe to the side it makes you jump other than that the game is great.
lentwelve ratingfive it is the best game and most awsome game i ever play
lentwelve ratingone it just takes me to the i logo and it shuts off
lentwelve ratingone it wont work on my phone cant get past the big i
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive the graphics r sooo good
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseventeen ratingfour but it's still s bit laggy, if you could fix that i would give five stars.
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics, temple run 1 was becoming boring, nice change!
lenthree ratingfive luv it.addicting
lenten ratingfive this version is preety much better than the previous ones
lensix ratingfive a bow to the genius maker
lennine ratingfive i hope it wont lag like the other one
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingone this game is crap.
lenseven ratingone it wont even download on my phone
lensix ratingfive this game is very fun 2 play
lensix ratingfive its better than temple run xd
lenfour ratingfive very very exciting & entertaining
leneight ratingfive this game os amazing better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive this game was well worth the wait.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are flawless.
lenfive ratingone it says package file invalid.
lenfour ratingfour lookd fun but hard
lenfive ratingfive best time pass game :-d
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2 its so fun and cooler :d
lennine ratingfive i think this is a game to definatly download
lensix ratingfive this game has got awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive very best geme download it
lenfive ratingfive i i love that game.
lenfour ratingfive the game is perfect.
leneight ratingfive it's the best game in the world.
lensix ratingfive excellent i like it very much
lentwentyeight ratingtwo temple run 2 builds upon what temple run had already perfected unfortunately it has a lot of flaws, since the update the game hangs once the player is dead.
lenten ratingtwo there is also the issue of an exit option missing.
leneleven ratingfour wonderful graphics and gameplay but sound and social integration is lacking.
lenthree ratingfive absolutely loving it!
lenthirteen ratingfive of course everyone knows temple run and this just raised the bar again!
lenfour ratingfive definitely worth the download!
lentwentyseven ratingfive people move on with the times like this company has with the graphics, get a new phone if it's slow if not gutted that's life.
lenfive ratingfive idiots "this game works perfect 5stars"
leneight ratingfive all because of the back button, you freaks!
lenten ratingfive the game was perfect anyway you fussy bunch of cretins.
lenthirteen ratingfour lihtsalt v?imas m?ng soovitan k?igile uued lisandid on ┨le k?ige
lenfour ratingfive its funtastic with previous
lenfive ratingfive amazing its so adictive :d
lentwelve ratingthree i have to tilt my phone basically sideways to move at all.
lentwo ratingthree samsung infuse
lennine ratingthree try to make it easier to change the player
lenfive ratingfive jumping sliding turning amaxin yarrr
lentwelve ratingfive it is superb but tilt is not too good.please improve it.
leneight ratingone it wont even finish loading on my android!
lentwo ratingfive awesome games
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingthree its something better than previous
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome.
lennine ratingtwo temple run 2 is very slow it sometimes starts jerk
lennine ratingone force closes every tine i atempt to open app
lenfive ratingfive amazing better than previous one.
lenfour ratingfive fun and very addictive
lenfourteen ratingfour its a good game but its not working properly on my samsung galaxy w
lenfive ratingfive better more exciting addictive entertaining
leneighteen ratingfive already got to over 2 million points on this.this is gonna be a good game for a while.
lenseventeen ratingfour great game works perfect but 4 stars cause it isnt compatable with qvga please fix it and 5 stars
leneight ratingfive it's the cooler game since temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesomely awesomeeeee!
lenseven ratingone it doesn't run on lg optimus p920 3d
lennine ratingfive works flawlessly on my htc desire c!go imangi!
lenfour ratingfive thank u    thats it
lensix ratingone it crashes on my droid 2.2 froyo.
lentwo ratingfour lags horribly!
lenfifteen ratingfive i play this game every single day nonstop and i already made it to 2 million
leneight ratingfive the best game since temple run the original.
leneleven ratingfour a little jumpy in some spots overall a very addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive this game rulez
lenfour ratingfive dis game is awesoooommmmeeee!
lenthree ratingfive vry much entertaining
lenfour ratingone not good bunch words
lenfour ratingfive great game temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingfive well temple run 1 was great, no doubts.except for some bugs.but temple run 2 is just terrific!
lentwelve ratingfive awesome graphics, great concept and yes, as of now free of bugs.!
lentwo ratingfive absolutely incredible.
lenfive ratingfive addicted to it like drugs
lenfive ratingfive being inside a tunnel rocks
leneight ratingthree not that great game ,but graphics are good  !
leneight ratingfive wow this game is alot better than the 1st 1
lentwelve ratingfour it kinda hurts your wrist to play this game on a tablet.
lensix ratingfour plays on super high quality though.
lenten ratingfour very well optimized for the nexus and droid razr m
lentwentyone ratingfour 4 stars because sometimes i will slide down and 2 secs later it will slide or sometimes it won't work at all
lenthree ratingfive like the graphic
leneight ratingfive great free game but has a few glitches
lenthree ratingfive lovv to play
lentwenty ratingfour i wouldve gave it five stars but there has been one glitch where there is a ledge and no turns
lentwo ratingfive great  game
leneleven ratingone i cant go in the game n alot of memory used
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic.
lensix ratingthree awesome game better then the first.
lenfourteen ratingfive amazing game no lags run smoothly and it is one of the best games .
lenfive ratingfive the heroe game is back
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive this is a 5 stars game.its amazing!
leneight ratingfour it's got tons of cool new things.
leneight ratingfour needs to fix crashing when using "save me"
lenfive ratingfive was waiting for it desperately.
lenseven ratingfive i'm being addicted to this game.
lentwo ratingfive realy great
lennine ratingthree as all said  sensitivity problem for collection of coins
lentwelve ratingfive i am using nexus 4 and i have put visual effects to full.
lenfive ratingfive great game with awesome effects.
leneleven ratingfive i have used for 3 days and i liked it very much.
lenfour ratingfive thanks to whole team.
leneight ratingtwo slow response, lags, control is not sensitive enough.
lensix ratingtwo subway surfers is better for now.
lenfive ratingone vibrates 5 times then force close
lensix ratingone not working in defy pls fix
lennine ratingthree but it lags too much and makes me lose
leneight ratingone lg thrill will not go past load screen.
lensixteen ratingone will give it more stars when it actually loads and i can play the darn thing.
lensix ratingone therez an error in the game!
lentwelve ratingfour the game gives a challenge and somethink different from the first one!
lenthirteen ratingfive excellent game and works superbly in my galaxy s advance without any lags.
lenthirtythree ratingfive but have some bugs.in level 8.hav to complete 5million club.but i hav done that a number of times in level 8.still it is displaying to complete 5 million club.pls fix this fast.
lenfourteen ratingthree version 2 of temple run is full of adventure but is harder than previous version.
lensix ratingfive full time pass game and excellent                      _
lenthree ratingfive awesome and addicting.
lenfour ratingfive runs pretty good in n7
lentwo ratingfive owsome game
lenthree ratingfive hai love temple run2
lenfour ratingfive wrth dwnloading nd playing.
lenfive ratingfive its really bttr dan 1st part.!
lentwo ratingfive awsum effects.
lentwo ratingfive awsum graphics.!
lentwentytwo ratingfive these niggas can't hold me bac but this nigga got the wrong one boe this nigga ain't won't one
lenthree ratingfive its fucking awesome.
lentwentyfour ratingfour its a great game but i have to tilt too much when the narrow paths come and in the rail cart on my galaxy s3.
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one
lenfifteen ratingone powerup not working on touching it when the meter is full on sony lww ics
lenseventeen ratingfour its a nice game with some new features but not as addictimg as the first one was
lentwo ratingfour indefinably awesome.
lensixteen ratingfour however, id like if you reduce the pointless animatipns and replace them with more enjoyable features.
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing just amazing tgis game made me forget of angry birds,fruit ninja,subwaysurfers,ect.
lenfive ratingfive far better than previous one.
lenthirty ratingfour i know i may be the only one experiencing these problems, but here is a list of bugs i've noticed while playing: falling through the floor after a jump.
lenthirteen ratingfour random lag, even on lowest setting, which causes the swipes to be unresponsive.
lentwentyone ratingfour the special item upgrade meter in the top right corner in the special item selection screen actually costs 2 diamonds rather than 1.
leneight ratingfour very sluggish guiding when you tilt your phone.
leneleven ratingfour those are the most prominent and reoccurring bugs i've noticed.
leneight ratingfour the game is cool like the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfour however on my device it freezes sometimes when i try to use gems.
lentwelve ratingfive a good gam  a awesome game but not working in micromax ninja 3.
lenfive ratingfive but working in samsung galaxy s3.
lenfour ratingfive hoping for temple run 3
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive awesome app xx
lensix ratingfive the best game in the world !
lentwo ratingthree bad update
leneighteen ratingfive awesome game love it its better than the first one and the best  part is the mining cart
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome  i love this game
leneighteen ratingone wiped out all the data after playing first time and ever since it force closes after the tutorial
lentwo ratingfive awesome install
leneleven ratingfive it is a great game workd flawless in my xxperia miro .
lenfourteen ratingfive but quite little bit of lags but not so much .pls fix d issue.:-)
lensix ratingfive svery good fun and smooth gameplay
lentwelve ratingone the game is great but it consumes a lot of battery life.
lenfifteen ratingfive original got succeed to temple run 1, and version 2 has lived up and surpassed the original.
leneight ratingfive really great i play it all the time
lennine ratingfive i think i need more batteries for my phone
lennineteen ratingfive brilliant graphics and better than the original game a little laggy sometimes but thats my device not the game
lentwentysix ratingone i was really exited to play this game because i loved the first one but when ever i open the game and try to load it.
leneight ratingone it sends me back to the home screen
lentwo ratingfive addictive runner.
leneighteen ratingfive however don't think it'll last any longer than a month on my phone like most runners.
leneight ratingfive it'd free though so can't complain.
lensix ratingone will not open on samsung galaxy.
leneight ratingfive but i want it to login in fb.
lensix ratingfive to know all my friends score.
lentwo ratingfive subway surf.
leneight ratingfive great game, even more challenging then the first.
lenten ratingfour the sequel should have been better considering the beauty of tr1
lentwentynine ratingfive i have given 5 stars for game bcoz i love temple run my problem is after download complete error coming invalid data pls fix this issue as soon as possible
lensixteen ratingfour well, this game is all you were expexting while playing the first part of temple run.
lenthirty ratingfour as the changes have been brought quite in a well manner, the power ups and the extra scoring features can be improved, which are actually confusing at a few moments.
lentwo ratingfour amazing features
lenseven ratingfive i like it so much,suprb game :-)
lenthree ratingfive very nice game .
lenthree ratingfive good jobs guys
lenseven ratingone the game is freezing, and runs slow!
lenthree ratingfive smooth and flexible.
lenten ratingfour still a few glitches but all in all awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive almost better than the original temple run!
lennine ratingfive only complaint would be that it sometimes gets "stuck"
leneleven ratingfive and lags a little which usually means you end up dying.
leneight ratingfive but the game is totally fun and addictive!
lenseven ratingfive define the perfect game for smart phones.
lentwo ratingfive thanx developers.
lentwentyfour ratingone as in the tittle, the game won't even open on my phone, it just freezes and goes back to the home screen, disappointed !
lenfour ratingfive great game good improvements
leneight ratingfive my kids and i love the newer version!
lentwo ratingfive more challenging.
lenfifteen ratingthree is a great game so far but.when i jump the person slides.plz fix.
lentwo ratingfive zero lags!
lensixteen ratingfour its so fun i would give it 5 stars but it takes a long time to load.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing! ;-)
lenseven ratingone won't start on my htc desire
lensix ratingfive this is so very beautiful game
lenfortyseven ratingone when i tried to download it,it was already showing installed!when i added an account,it downloaded fully.then didnt start due to some "error in package".please address this issue.im a huge fan of temple run and it hurts me to give this review
lenten ratingfive i don't think it would need any more improvement.
leneleven ratingfive it is a awesome game and will remain on the top
lennine ratingtwo swipes seem to take a little time to react
lenfive ratingfive very great game i ? it
lenfour ratingfive great game, awesome graphics
lenthree ratingfive funniest game ever
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lentwo ratingfive more fun
lenthirty ratingthree i would have gabe all 5 stars but the game has some glitches for example when i purchase any upgrade, my coins get reduced but i don't get any upgrades!
lensix ratingfour why u need phone call permission?
lentwo ratingfive grt game
lensix ratingfive alot better then the first game
lenthree ratingfive game is lagfree
lentwo ratingone download error 498 -.-"
leneleven ratingone doesnt work on my galaxytab but works beautifully on my iphone
lentwentyseven ratingone i hav an lg thrill and whenever i open temple run 2 it backs out at the green imangi studios part ive redownloaded twice and still the same
lentwentytwo ratingone if you do a backup of the app data, and then restore it after flashing another rom, you will lose everything forever.
leneighteen ratingone even after restoring the cwm backup to the previous rom (as if nothing happened) it's still missing.
lenfive ratingone fuck you, imangi, fuck you. :/
lentwentythree ratingfour not too sure is it just me or? as my coins are always different each time even if i did not upgrade anything.
lenseven ratingfour and it always getting lesser and lesser.
leneight ratingfour so whats the point of gaining more coins?
lenfour ratingfive really enjoyed this game!
lentwentytwo ratingfour better than the first one but i wish that you didn't have to start over all the time when you die.
lentwelve ratingthree a shame i can't turn the sound off in the settings.
leneleven ratingthree i thought we'd grown out of that kind of ui.
leneleven ratingthree there is a lot of lag issues on my samsung epic 4g.
lenfortyone ratingthree i tried opening it was very excited but didn't open the only reason i gave it 3 stars is caz it takes hard work to make games my phone is lg optimus l3 plz fix it and i will rqte five stars
lensix ratingfive great game well worth the wait
lennine ratingfive great and added one star for the exiting button
lenfive ratingfive ofcourse better than the first.
lenseven ratingfive amazing visuals, amazing sound and amazing monkey!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, graphics are really polished up.
lentwentytwo ratingfive runs smooth on gs3 i think this could become similar to an adventure game as well changing and evolving environements and character development.
lenfive ratingtwo 1.touch button always remain on 2.
lenseven ratingtwo on pressing save me hangs the game 3.
lenfour ratingtwo many time orientation reverses
lenfour ratingfour better than previous one
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run!
lensix ratingfive way better than the older version!
lentwelve ratingfive dere r some bugs but m sure dey'll be debugged soon.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive this game is so graphic i loce it!
lenfifteen ratingfour the new temple run is a lot of fun, but really laggy on my phone
lenfive ratingfour great visual, with great adventure,,.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive this game is so dope it works perfectly on my phone you almost feel it when you hit yourself.you should download it you won't regret it .am an addict now
lenthirteen ratingfive really nice game & i like it becoz it is a adventures game.hehehe
lenseven ratingfive simply excellent game.wid gr8 new game features.
lenseven ratingfive i found this game exhilarating and fum
lentwenty ratingone everytime i open it up it crashes on me, i dont ecen get to play the game please fix it.
lenfive ratingfive best game ever love it
lenthirtynine ratingthree it will cut out in the middle of a game and it wont save your score or coins but if you use any diamond during the game then it takes those away  besides that it is a perfect game
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun!
lenten ratingone love the game just cant play with all the lag.
lenfourteen ratingtwo tilt action doesn't work and i was really looking forward to playing this :(
lennine ratingfive addictive tho.and not much work being done!x
lensixteen ratingfive pretty addictive game, challenges give you more reason to play and to play in different ways!
lenfive ratingfive mixture of all running games
lennine ratingfive i recommend it, its a very fun addictive game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i did'nt think anything could top temple run but wow you have surpassed everything.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are superb, it is so addictive.
leneight ratingfour good game so far just a little confusing :))
lenseven ratingfive excellent graphics work  compared to old versions.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive can't stop playing .great game! !
leneleven ratingfive graphics are awsome, way to step it from the first game!
lentwo ratingfive sexy&hot
lentwelve ratingfive this game is awesome it is much better than regular temple run.
leneighteen ratingfive best game you can ever get it is the best of the best i absolutely love this game
lenfour ratingfive what a nice game.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's sooo good i love it is tricky but fun it's the best!  :)
lenthirteen ratingthree lags a lot, if that ever gets fixed then it would be great!
lenthirteen ratingfour not bad more to be improved compared to temple run brave on graffics
lentwentyone ratingfive love it, different to the last one but kept the essentially good bits, lots of new features to keep us interested
lentwelve ratingone please fix the screen resolution cos the menu, score is very big.
lensix ratingfive this game is sooo much funnn
lennine ratingfive harder than the first temple run, but more fun.
lensix ratingfive good to play on the galaxy s3.
leneight ratingfive its like the best infinite running game ever.
lenten ratingfive only thing that disturbs me is the low tilt senstivity.
lensix ratingfive hope you guys can fix that
leneleven ratingfour is a very good game but it have too many bugs
lenthree ratingfive enjoy playing it !
lenfive ratingfive love the game.it rocks!
lenten ratingthree definitely a lot of glitches that need to be fixed
lentwelve ratingone just downloaded it to my samsung sidekick and it doesn't start :(
lenthirteen ratingtwo where's the control sensitivity adjustment that was available in the first two?
lennine ratingtwo the tilt and swipe are too sluggish as is.
lensix ratingtwo not fun to play as is.
lentwo ratingfive excellent fun
lentwelve ratingfour i like this temple run2  alot and although little bit difficult in playing
lenseven ratingfive so addicting, even netter than the first
lentwelve ratingfour its ok but the only problem is that its a bit jutterish
lenfive ratingfive thanks for making this free
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is amazing it has awesome graphics and loads quickly my advise is to download it
lensix ratingfive will there be a temple run 3?
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome with no ad spam.
lenfourteen ratingfive if u play it once u will not leave this game for a while
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthirteen ratingfour awe but the mine needs to go further and you need more characters.
leneleven ratingfour great game but the gem save me glitch should be fixed.
lenthirteen ratingfour funny how the glitch will take your gem count to a negative number.
lenfive ratingfour nice graphics and smooth gameplay.
leneighteen ratingfour pls fix a bug where when the speed boost is over and i still speed up that much.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy this game.
lenten ratingfive i played temple run 1 also but this version make crazy.
leneight ratingfive you should make a temple run multiplayer one.
lenthirtytwo ratingone when i had this installed i was so happy to play it but then it wouldn't start up on my sidekick 4g just back out on the loading screen plz fix this.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfour challenging with beautiful graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour a bit slow to load on my droid but other than that it's great!
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one the landscape is so awesome and the mine is a great new aspect
lennine ratingfive its a really fun game and has great feature
lenseven ratingfive wit d latest graphics is ultimate game
lenten ratingfive this game is much better than number the first one
lentwo ratingfive absolutely great
lenthirteen ratingfour please take off that crappy magnetic pull when you fall off the cliff.
lenfortyfive ratingfour when i'm supposed to tilt to stay one one side of the ground and i don't in time, i jump so i have time to tilt in mid air but in this game you pretty much dive off on purpose without a chance.
lenten ratingfour its really annoying especially when you could have been saved.
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenseven ratingfive fun to play, no exit button though
lenseven ratingfive i love this game  best game ever
lentwenty ratingone this is terrible i can't even see what  my ahead of my player all i see is him running.
leneighteen ratingone my advise to any one who wants this game don't, its terrible stick with the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game!
lensix ratingfive this game makes me go crazy.!
lentwentysix ratingfive i love this game sooo much and i play it every day and i love the little rochester in the cave i made it there twice
lenseventeen ratingfour im using galaxy s. when i turn left or right in game then it doesnt turns fastly.
leneight ratingfour it is slow in turning left or right.
lenseven ratingfive very fun but a lil chalenging though
lensix ratingfive much-much-much better than 1st edition.
lenfive ratingfive great new graphics and tools
lenten ratingfour this is the most addictive game i ve ever played.
lensixteen ratingfour if your lookin for android games download this awsm but the tilt sensivity is too bad.
lensixteen ratingfive i like all of the cool new features and stuff but its very frustrating to me.
lenseven ratingthree nice new twist on the old game.
lennineteen ratingthree lack of sensitivity settings forces me to almost turn my phone in its side making narrow paths almost impassable.
lentwo ratingthree otherwise 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingfour one thing i noticed is that the sensitivity control has been removed .
lenseven ratingfour and the game play isnt smooth enough .
leneight ratingfour kindly solve these issues in the next update .
leneleven ratingfour when the monkey comes , it blocks most of the view ahead .
lenthree ratingfive its rely awesome!
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first
leneleven ratingfive very nice game you should download this game not other games
lenfour ratingone this game freakin rocks!
lenfifteen ratingone u might notice that ive given it 1 star amd thats because it wont fuckin open!
lentwentyone ratingone it plays smooth as sex the first startup but once i go back to my home screen it wont open again.
lensix ratingthree still skips like the first game.
lensix ratingthree cant react quickly because of it.
leneight ratingthree hopefully a new update will make it better.
lenthree ratingfive its sooo coool.
lensix ratingfive everybody should rate it five stars.
lenfourteen ratingfour if they would fix the force closes i would definitely give it give stars.
lensix ratingfour very fun but a little hard
lenfive ratingfive its better than temple run 1
lenten ratingfour very fun game and better on all aspects but one.
lenseventeen ratingfour we need a tilt sensitivity option, its not sensitive enough when trying to operate the mine car.
leneight ratingfour other than that its extremely fun and addictive.
lentwelve ratingfive great sequel, more challenging but more rewarding runs great on galaxy note 2.
lenfive ratingfive this game is friggin awesome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentythree ratingthree lags a bit on gs3 and sometimes if i exit from the  wrong screen, the game won't open again unless i force close.
leneight ratingfive definitely, this is the best from imangi studios.
lentwo ratingfive smooth graphics.
lentwo ratingfive tricky levels.
lenseven ratingfive i am very much thrilled to play.
lenfour ratingfive hats of imangi studios.
leneleven ratingone not working on micromax a25.but it shows that game is compatible.
lennine ratingthree i'm running android 2.6.3 on a google nexus one.
lenfourteen ratingthree the game randomly clears my coin stash usually from about 3000 down to almost nothing.
leneight ratingfive else the most awesome game played till date
lensixteen ratingone played for a little while but now the app wont even open up it just crashes
lenfour ratingfive d graphics r awesum.
lenfive ratingfive bettr than the frst part.
leneight ratingfive bt d sliding movements r not too sensitive.
lenfive ratingfive hav to bend a lot.
lenseven ratingfive bt othr  dan dat its soo cool.
lentwo ratingfive hav fun.
lenthree ratingfour super fun game!
lenthree ratingfour great job guys!
lentwentyfive ratingfour for whatever reason it lags on my lg optimus l5 i'm not sure if its the phone or the game but please to fix it!
lenseven ratingfive its addictive and better than the first
lenthirtyfive ratingone i'm totaly disappointed.i played this on my friends xperia u and everything was all right but when i installed on my.samsung galaxy chat everything in the game was zoomed.disappointed and uninstalling
lenfive ratingfive best game ever in mobile
lenten ratingfive the game is awesome and keeps me wanting to play!
leneleven ratingone it says invalid url every time i try and download it
lennineteen ratingfive the day i have installed dis wonderful application.i cant resist my self to play it again nd again.
lensix ratingthree its okay it looks nice tho
lenseven ratingone great game, but it lags a lot.
leneight ratingone this crap doesnt even work on my phone!
lennine ratingone it sucks because i wanted ti try it out
lensix ratingone its not downloading to my phone.
lenfour ratingone im getting an error
leneight ratingfive this game has excellent graphics, and no glitches.
lensix ratingfive i luv this game very fun
lenfourteen ratingfour expected to be better than the 1st in ambience.but it's a but dull !
lenfour ratingfour else a good game.
lenthree ratingfive temple run two
lenfour ratingfive love the new idea!
lentwo ratingfour great entertainment
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lensixteen ratingfive such a fun and addicting game so much better than the first love it five stars
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
leneight ratingfive love it.absolutely love it.obsessed with it.
lentwentysix ratingthree can we like transfer the characters that we had at temple run 1 then transfer our other data to temple run 2.everythings great but the tilt thingy
lentwelve ratingfive much more fun to play than the first tr. graphics are great
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game my friend had it first and when i had a go i loved it
lennine ratingone bought the coin doubler for 5 dollar never got it
lenten ratingtwo i cant make it far because it lags so bad
lentwelve ratingfive awesum then before.new graphics , levels and  thats wht create the game.
lentwo ratingfive great  game!
lensix ratingfive even more addictive then the first!
lenfour ratingfour needs tilt sensitivity controls
lentwo ratingthree ok ok :-(
lentwelve ratingone doesn't run, app opens & title screen opens then it shuts off
lenseven ratingfive it's like temple run 1 but better!
lenthree ratingfive fab-u-las
lenfour ratingfour awesome.wicked.love it
lenseven ratingfour needs a little bit more graphics optimization.
lenseven ratingfour definitely a step up from the original.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive even better than original
leneleven ratingfive this game is outstanding, in life this is a must try!
lennine ratingfive awesome juz luv it plz upload some more characters.
lennine ratingfive download or th gorilla will haunt u forever xx
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome i can't wait to see what yall come up with next
lensixteen ratingone doesnt even open on samsung galaxy s 4g, please fix, i was looking forward to this game.
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive really adictive but can be very hard but great.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive love the additions to the new temple run!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingfive it has amazing graphics and is super adicting.
lenthirtyfive ratingone it's not good because it won't work for htc desire its will download and wen u press open all it does is load and den it goes back in to the play store.
lennine ratingfive good game and great graphics  improvements from temple run 1
lensix ratingfive harika bir oyun herkese tavsiye ediyorum
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive super addictive
lenseven ratingfive has that old charm of temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive love these game ill love to play temple run brave but not for free :(
lenthree ratingtwo great game again.
lenfive ratingtwo need to be updated for sg3.
lensix ratingfive best game i have ever played.
lentwelve ratingthree the coins are always resetting and i cant buy anything!pls fix!
lennine ratingfive i absolute love this game my target is 4 million
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome graphics,not saggy at all,very addictive.imangi studios,u did it again!
lenten ratingfive the game is a great way to pass some time
lensixteen ratingtwo in anroid this game has released on 24th jan, 2013 but in ios it was already realeased before.
lenfive ratingtwo anroid has copied this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive pretty fun, but imo.there should be more powerup types.
lenfive ratingfive works great its really awesome
lennine ratingfive somehow it's even better than the first one.
lennine ratingfive is way more fun than the first temple run. :)
lenfive ratingfive simply say its super & awesome
leneighteen ratingthree its a great game but not compatible for my samsung galaxy ace pleassse make it for more devices!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game !
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are awesome and the new features make it even better.
lenthirteen ratingfive when i play it, i kindof feel like i'm in a movie!
lentwentyfour ratingfive really awesome game.get addicted to it.can't live without playing it at least for 10 times daily.great work.keep it up guys.
lenfive ratingfive superhit game but littale buffering
lenfour ratingfive oh oh no comment
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwentythree ratingfive with a lot of more challenging obstacles to get through, i do fall in love with temple run 2 in only the first round.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseventeen ratingfour yeaah i say that because i think it's a great game, more interesting than older version.
lenfiftytwo ratingfour but i have some problem,  sometimes i have a lag when i play temple run2, the character only run in the same place (stuck) i hope you can give some update to fix the bug and i will give you 5 stars soon ~ thanks hehe :d nb: my phone sgs ii with 4.1.2 os official
lenthree ratingfive amazing to play.
lensix ratingfive lot imprvd version wid btr graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour it runs very smootly and fast not even a simple hint of lag.
lennineteen ratingfour but they should've added a little more things in it to make it special like attacking the monster
lensix ratingone it sukks it wont even runn
lennineteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a great game,  its actually very addicting i seem to be better at 2 than the first!
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
leneight ratingfour ok,it's more good than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive infinite addiction.
lenthree ratingfive reinstalled after removing
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lenthirteen ratingfive if i was you guys i will get is it is soooooooo awsome
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game.!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!<3<3<3<3
lenseven ratingfive this is what u call an upgrade.
lenfive ratingfive excellent series.keep it up
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingone won't let me load.
lenfour ratingone force crash every time
lenthree ratingfive visuals are stunning.
leneleven ratingfive feels like a whole new dimension has been as added in.
lenthirteen ratingfive very good much better than the firtsy one, the mine is very hard
lennine ratingone it just won't work on the samsung infuse
leneight ratingfive flawless.thnx not single lag on htc sensation
lenthirteen ratingfive very nice, fun and addicting game.more adventurers than the part 1 nice work
lensixteen ratingfive a significant upgrade over tr. has a few bugs, but i presume those get worked out.
leneight ratingfour i like this even more than the first.
lenfourteen ratingfive i am so addicted nd if you just try it, you will be too!
lentwo ratingfour awesum graphics.
leneight ratingfour on d downside tilting sensitivity is an issue.
lenthree ratingfive loving temple run 2 .
leneighteen ratingfive its fun better than the first one you get to go on the crates and down the rope.
lenseven ratingfive it keeps on going maybe literally forever.
lentwelve ratingfive or until your device goes dead :) but overall its a great game
lenfive ratingfive just can't stop playing.
leneight ratingfive after a long time something that is gripping
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfour add an option on tilt sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingfive it was excellent to play with more graphic n other.i like it
lenthirty ratingfour its perfect on my galaxy s 3 but on thos phone it works without any lag but isnt playable because of the resolution.pls make support for qvga.i will give 5stars
lentwentythree ratingone installed and played for awhile then when i tried to go back and play again it wouldn't even load.fix problem asap!
lensixteen ratingfive hahahaahahaha this game is awesome and the one who commented this comment is super awesome hekhek
lentwo ratingfive awesum game.
lennine ratingfive u wil love it wen u wl play it.
lenfive ratingfive hats of to temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingfive i love the new temple run, but the tilt movements (tilt left and tilt right) are less sensitive than the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive other things like the graphic, obstacles, etc, are top notch.
lenthirteen ratingfive it keeps me busy when i am free i start playing this game.
lenseven ratingfive download this game this the best game.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's such a nice game that i play only this game on my phone
leneighteen ratingthree i turned the sound and music all the way down, but it still makes running and clicking sounds.
lenseven ratingthree seems like an annoying bug for me.
lenfour ratingtwo fun game, one problem.
lenfourteen ratingtwo game opens upside down, i have to totally turn my phone, but pretty fun
lensix ratingfive no glitches or bugs found.,. yet.
lenten ratingfive good work from imangi studios.much intresting from temple run.
lentwo ratingfive awrsome game.
lennine ratingfive pretty fun and addictive beter than last temple run
lenthree ratingfive fantastic n superior.
lenthree ratingfive full marks guys !
lentwo ratingfive fuckin awesome!
lenfive ratingfive love the new power ups.
leneight ratingfive how you add a few more in updates
lenthree ratingfive awesomly wndrfl game.
lenfive ratingfour good graphics and game play.
lentwentyone ratingfour but the way the view is shaking needs some getting used to, not everybody is going to be ok with that.
lenthirtynine ratingfour when you level up and get coins for leveling up, i have a galaxy s 3 i don't know if it is the same for any other phones, the coins vanish when you try to buy something with them.
lenseventeen ratingfour this is a great game i would hate for a flaw like this to ruin users experience.
lentwenty ratingfour temple run was always my favourite mobile game, it required minimal brain activity thus making it a real fun game.
lentwentyone ratingfour temple run 2 is a great game, don't get me wrong it's still a great game but misses some elements.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour second you can't pick what achievments you want to do when, instead the game gives you a more linear approach which is nice for short term gaming but i still prefer aiming for the long turn goals.
lenfive ratingfour but still a fun game
lenseven ratingfour really v v v v.fabulous game.
lenfour ratingfive very good game!:) download
lenthree ratingfive nice update @syaukaniismail
lensix ratingfive kindly fix the lag, and sensitivity.
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading !
leneight ratingfive it's even better than the first game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice sleep
lenseven ratingone doesn't on my crappy phone, so ?
lentwo ratingone blame developers :)
lenthree ratingfive goooood very niceeee
lensix ratingfive awesome way better than temple run
lenten ratingfive the graphics r gud .no lags & a perfect addicting game.
lenthree ratingfive wonder full game .
lenfive ratingfive ultimate i cant stop playing
lennineteen ratingthree so ill get a score of about 3,000,000 and then the game will start lagging when i perform an action.
lentwentynine ratingthree the reason i'm writing this is because i was just playing and it began to lag and i ran into a tree that wasn't there seconds before.
lenseventeen ratingfive well this is the coolest game in android, you dont need to pay to play, so cool.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lentwelve ratingfive it actually works better than the original temple run on my galaxy s3.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is much better and exciting  than temple run
lenfive ratingfive excellent nd good nd fun
lentwo ratingfive owesome game
lenfive ratingfour better than da first one
lenfour ratingfive i like the graphics
leneighteen ratingthree game is real fun, besides the fact that my phone screen will turn black and pause the game.
lennineteen ratingfour it would complete but when i hop in the car things they don't when they're supposed to.
leneight ratingfour it is so different  game than temple run.
lenseven ratingfour it is adventures game it is nice.
lenthree ratingfive best app eveeeeeeeeer
lenfour ratingfive i  love  temple run
lenfive ratingfive im so addicted to it
lentwentyfour ratingone on my motorola triumph i can download the game, but i can't play it every time i enter the game it force closes!
lentwo ratingfive better graphics
lenten ratingfive i love the graphics but sensitivity is a little less.
lenfifteen ratingfour its good but when i double tap to activate power up it doesn't work.
lenfour ratingfour well improved and entertaining
lenfive ratingfour love this game very addictive!
lenthirteen ratingthree the game is really fun, but very laggy on my apparently ancient thunderbolt.
lensix ratingthree works great on my kindle though.
lentwelve ratingfive bringing more joy and is excellent and is better than other games
lenseven ratingfour i love it , besides it glitches sometime:/
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lentwenty ratingfive all there is, is when you fall and make it on the map at the same time you keep tumbling.
lentwo ratingfour nice games
lenthree ratingfive great fun game
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the game.:)
lenfive ratingfive liked this game very much.
leneleven ratingfive no lag at all which was the problem with temple run 1
lenseven ratingthree not but the older version is better
lenthirteen ratingfive much better grafics then the first and more options two thumbs way up
lenfifteen ratingfive very addictive, with the small problem of framerate issues on highest quality on a nexus 7
lenthirtytwo ratingthree would be a 5 star rating but when using save me it crashes and doesnt save any stats but only takes my gems , fix this and it will be 5 star love this game!
lentwo ratingthree hate bugs
lenfour ratingfive veeeeeeeery goooooood wah ge.
lenfour ratingfive wah maza aa gae
lenthree ratingfive very fun game.
lentwelve ratingfive i've been playing it every free time since i downloaded it.
leneight ratingfive it has great graphics and is super addictive!
lenseven ratingfive great game just like the first one.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played before in my entire life
lenthirteen ratingfour temple run is back again with a new style that everybody should love.
lentwentysix ratingfour it upgrades greatly over its predecessor by throwing in things like the mine shafts and actually bending courses so it doesn't seem like straight lines.
lenthirty ratingfour only reason it is not 5 stars is becauss every once in a while i know i swiped my screen and it doesn't register it and i end up dying.
lentwentysix ratingfive well i love.the gane but fir some reason if i improve the visual effect and i exit out of the game it won't reopen.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it has glitches.n it's hangs n don't response to commands.
leneleven ratingfive even better then before.seriosly amazing game ever in the world
lenthirteen ratingthree i whould love the game if it didn't take so much memory.
lenfour ratingfive gr8 game with better graphicw
lentwelve ratingfive this is a cool game bt need few more improvement in graphics
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive more addictive than mu smoking habit.
lenfour ratingfour more improved more fun!
lentwentyone ratingfour more challenging than the original but that's what makes it fun, glitches on my droid 3 so can't give 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive this game is freaking awesome!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive i am very happy to have such a great game that too is free n the best thing abt the game is that even though having such gr8 graphics it doesn't lags a bit.
lensix ratingfive loved it awesome work by creators
lenseven ratingone it runs very slow at the start.
lenseven ratingone and goes far far to fast later.
lenthirteen ratingthree good but having couple problems like cash go back 2 zero when go over 2500
lennine ratingfive this game is soo amazing love it so much
lenseven ratingfive gud 1  luv it wonderful gameing imangi studio
lennine ratingone dont fit on my device display micromax a25 plz fix
lenninetythree ratingfour every thing is great but 1 thing is utterly dissatisfying that is about the objectives.even if one has done that done that thing but it comes afterwards in next levels it is not shown as complete.u hv to do it all over again which is bad.so this needs to be seen.and 1 suggestion is that we should get to see atleast the next level objectives so that game can be planned and interest becomes more high fy.and 1 more thing every now and then while using save me the game crashes
lenthree ratingfive sony xperia t
lenseven ratingfour v.good except for lagging plz fix
lensix ratingfive enjoyin every bit of the graphics.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its jst ausum.
lentwo ratingfive great update
lenfour ratingfive superb.awesome.mindblowing game
lenten ratingfour the game is too good and have very good graphics .
lenseven ratingfour but the tilt thing can be improvised .
lenfive ratingfour needs a lot of effort .
lenthree ratingfour but otherwise addictive .
lenfive ratingthree its ok because its hard
leneighteen ratingone i press on the app and i just shows me that green mark and then my phonr crashes .
lenthirtyseven ratingfive although it won't matter to people having a phone worth 17k+ it still runs much better(i.e lesser lag) than temple run 1 on entry level smartphones like my xperia tipo but boy i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive its a great game to pass the time but a little glich
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfour ratingfive wow it is awesome
lensix ratingone starts to load then forcloses itself. :/
lenthree ratingfive koka game aw
lentwentythree ratingfive imangi they are just too good.first temple 1 and now with 2 they came up with brilliant idea.great locations.gorgeous graphics.simply 5 star
leneleven ratingfour excellent game.but sometimes wont open up i have to reinstall
leneight ratingfive so addictive and alot more fun than the 1st 1
lenthree ratingfive runs really smooth.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenfive ratingfive amazing world i like it?
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game.the best ever.nice graphics and super quality.
lenthree ratingfive very nice app
lenfive ratingone not works on htc desire
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenthree ratingfive cool graphics fast
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run 1 so download it now
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lensix ratingtwo loved the first version whn compared
lenfive ratingfive epic games  really love it
lenten ratingthree i've been addicted to temple run for a while.
lennine ratingthree so, i was super stoked to see a sequel.
lennine ratingthree my only complaint is that it forces closed sometimes.
lenten ratingthree fix and i will gladly change my rating to 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive nice game to play
leneighteen ratingone the screen is just to small how comes temple run 1 fits but temple run 2 don't fuk that
leneight ratingfive the word awesome- dictions for temple run 2.superb!
leneight ratingfive imangi studios.u just got ur biggest fan !
lennine ratingfive it is really good has all new cool savage :)
lenten ratingfive my highest score is 967432167 but i'll keep u updated ;-)
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lenfour ratingfour g8 game nice to play
lenthirteen ratingfive a little more complicated bt very addictive which makes it worth my time
lenfour ratingfour average game, nothing more
lentwo ratingfour love itttt!
lenthree ratingfive super entertaing game
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lennine ratingthree wont open up it just loads then force closes.
lensixteen ratingfive good game but there is a problem my coins are not being added after my runs
lensix ratingfour this is such a cool game!
lenfortyfour ratingfour but it is more difficult though, (but hey, that's what made it exciting nevertheless!) i just wish you'd bring back the sensitivity options in the setting tab, have a hard time playing when i need to tilt the phone to the sides.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game, it's amazing, so much better than the old one x
lentwo ratingfive super mast
lenseven ratingfive cool game love this & 1 is cool too.
lenthirteen ratingthree maybe i will add more rate if i could buy higher device :d
lensixteen ratingfive this game is so easy compared to the first one and lots of cool new features
lentwentythree ratingfour its a fun game with great graphics, but it is missing a leader board so you can compare your score to your friends.
lentwentysix ratingfour that missing feature and the occasional reset when trying to use the gem at the end of the game is why i took away a star.
lennine ratingfour love it bir cant collect coins when lying down
lenseventeen ratingfive the worst part is always starting over if you don't have the jewels to save yourself.
lenthree ratingfive great free app.
lentwentyone ratingone it won't let me download it says package file is empty ill give if a 5 stars when i download it
leneleven ratingfive can't stop maself from playing this game again and again.
lenfour ratingfive good work development team.
lentwelve ratingone this game onlyngave me a wallpaper i expected to have agame what
lenseven ratingtwo temple run original is a lot better
lenfour ratingfive its a superb gamee. .
lensix ratingfive i loved it to the core.
leneight ratingfour good but some times back button doesnt work
lensixteen ratingone i have a galaxy s 4g and neither one of the temple runs will work on it.
lenten ratingone it says great advertisement but thats for the apple products.
lenseven ratingone i was pretty excited to play well :/
lensix ratingfive great game but slow to download
lenfifteen ratingthree the game keeps freezing and it's really annoying but over all a great game
lennine ratingfive wow temple run is great but now its phenemonal.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is an amazing virtual world.
lenthree ratingfive download this app.
lenseven ratingfive it's is quite heavy in megabites!
lenthirtyseven ratingthree there is no sensitivity option in this game, and  in the first 1 i was used to have my sensitivity up so i would have to tilt my phone so much.please add sensitivity optiob until then 3 stars
lensixteen ratingfive apart from the new features, i love that it runs smoothly on my gs3 :-) thank you, developers!
leneight ratingfive awesome grapics awesome creativity i just loved it
lenten ratingfive best arcade game i have ever played on my tab!
lensixteen ratingone every time i start the game, it locks up the phone forcing me to restart it.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the only problem is when i have a powerup and pickup another powerup of same kind it does not extend the time on it as in templerun 1
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lenfortynine ratingfive i downloaded this yesterday for my google nexus 10 tablet, it's amazing, no lag, lots of fun and they put a lot of thought into this one, i have to say, it's probably going to be my most played game on my tablet and on my razr maxx.
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing.
lenseven ratingfive so much better than than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive its awesome to play
leneight ratingfive superb and am enjoying by playing this game
leneighteen ratingfive it is excellent it a fabolous snd the main thing is it has nany thing to run on.
lenfifteen ratingfive who ever is reading this keep in mind that templa run 1 & templa run 2 donwload it
lenten ratingfive this game is very interesting .and also has good graphics
lenseven ratingfive seems smoother and gameplay has better variety.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lenfourteen ratingfive they also joined rail rush in it.new rope sliding and love the graphics
lenfour ratingfive undoubetly an amazing game.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive graphics are better, better the speed.
lenfive ratingfour it's a nice game.
leneight ratingfour but i found some minor bugs on it.
lensix ratingfour especially when the road become nearer.
leneleven ratingfour when i pressed jump forward, it suddenly jump to the side.
lenfive ratingfour but it only happened sometimes
leneleven ratingfour this game is a great sequel to the original temple run.
lensix ratingfour better graphics, new environments, more fun!
lenfive ratingtwo super glitchy on my android.
leneight ratingtwo tried several times and it froze every time.
lenthirteen ratingtwo using galaxy s3 running jelly bean and the graphics seem to lagg a bit
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive a must download for android
lenfourteen ratingfour hi awesome app are so good use to service it can b so frendly
lenthirteen ratingfive i absolutely love the original temple run, but this sequel surpasses even that.
lenseven ratingfive love the new objectives and upgrade aspects.
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsome.
lentwelve ratingfour i thought that temple run one was awsome but this is mint
lennine ratingfive this game is epic i love it so much!
lenthree ratingfive best game everr!
lenseven ratingfive its a good fun with full masti.
lenten ratingfive this game is really fun y'all should get it
lenthirteen ratingfive its a pretty cool game sorta hard but i'll get it :d
lentwo ratingfive awesome experience!
lenseven ratingfive love both of these games from imangi. :)
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingone the game wont even start on my phone it keep frozen plz fix asap
lenseventeen ratingone it lags so much on my sony xperia u! guess 1 ghz dual core ain't food enough!
lenseven ratingone way too much lagg to even play.
lenthree ratingone htc evo 4g lte.
lenseven ratingfive i love the abilities and new characters.
lentwentyone ratingthree only giving three stars because gane keeps erasing my coins so i cant really do anything other than that great gane.
lenten ratingthree fox that problem and ill give 5 stars htc evo design
leneleven ratingone the worst game ive ever played first one is way better
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenfour ratingtwo it crashes and freezes.
lenfour ratingtwo temple run 1 is better.
lenseven ratingthree it twitches once it starts speeding up
leneight ratingfive enjoy this even better than the 1st temple run
lenfourteen ratingfive me and my sister played it on our ipads yesterday and got totally addicted!
lensix ratingone wouldn't even let me play
lenfifteen ratingfour the game is overall good but i noticed that the reaction time is completely different.
lentwentyseven ratingfour in tr1 while in the air from a jump you could slide down to end the jump and this game is too laggy and doesn't do that.
lensix ratingfour also the tilt sensitivity needs adjustment.
lentwentyeight ratingfour achievements only 3 at a time is ridiculous because some runs i'll complete a fast then the new one will have been something i would have completed also.
lensix ratingone tried to download it two times.
lenfour ratingone error, package file invalid.
leneight ratingfour just add sensitivity option and it gets a 5
lenseven ratingfive much more added since the first game
lentwenty ratingfive graphics look amazing, the demon looks even more intimidating, and all around a lot better than the first temple run
lensix ratingfive its got better with new version
leneleven ratingfive this game has been changed so much since the first one
lentwo ratingfive thanks bro.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for fixing it, guys.
lennine ratingfive before temple run 2, temple run was best android game.
lentwentythree ratingfive graphics are exceptionally beautiful but.i (guy dangerous.still amateur) run so fast that have no time to enjoy the beauty of surroundings.
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics .no lag.perfect gaming
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfour good r&d have been done, hope il get part 3 soon with nice adventure.
lenfive ratingfive very good app htc explorer
lenseven ratingfive absolutely stunning visuals and engaging game play!
lenseven ratingfive so addicting, no bugs that ive see
lenten ratingfour great game, much better than the original bit terrible lag.
lenthree ratingfive a super game.
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game because it is so much different to the first one temple run .
lenten ratingfive this game is also good because it doesn't lag.
leneleven ratingfive awesome game nyc graphics and smoothly runs on ice cream sandwich
lentwo ratingfive runs great!
lenthree ratingfive no pun intended ;)
lenfourteen ratingfour the game has really impressed me with the new additions to the older version
lenfour ratingfour its an awesome game.
lenfour ratingfour best for time pass.
leneleven ratingfour though the objectives are almost the same, the graphics is good.
lenseven ratingfour the game does not lag a bit.
lenfifteen ratingfour would have given 5 stars only if i had found the exit option in the game.
lentwentythree ratingfive the greatest game graphics r just no word to write in english  it's god of games i recommend to all download it
lenten ratingfive brilliant and fun especially now with objectives and brilliant graphics!
lenseven ratingfive very good and fun to play with
lentwenty ratingfive it is awesome and it is a great challenge for people who are determand to get to the end xx:)
lenseven ratingfour very good game but lags a bit
lenseventeen ratingtwo good but the screen on my lg isn't big so the decoration gets in the way.
lentwo ratingone sucks penis
lenfive ratingfive a good and addictive game!
lenseventeen ratingfive an ossum creation its making me addictive very much m spending several hours after this.loving it
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
lenthree ratingfive vary vary good
lentwentythree ratingthree i had half the amount of coins to upgrade my character and the coin count went back to zero so that was frustrating.
lentwo ratingfour running cyanogenmod 9.
leneight ratingfour awesome game but it crashes all the time.
lennine ratingfour i have to pull my battery out to recover.
leneight ratingfour every few crashes i lose all my progress.
leneight ratingfour scores are all gone, all upgrades are gone.
lenten ratingfour scared to pay for anything because i may lose it.
lenthirteen ratingfour i wouldn't put this game down if not for the stability issue.
lenseven ratingfour also, please add sensitivity options to tilt!
lenfourteen ratingfour i can't mark the game down for what could be a phone fault.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting.
leneight ratingfive i could not stop playing once i  started.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's just as good (maybe even better) than the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive and it's more challenging too.
lenten ratingone bought gems and still not on my phone after 24 hours!
lenfour ratingfive absolutley great loving it
lensix ratingfive fun as hell and  its addicting
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthirtythree ratingfive man i loved the first one i didn't think they could make it any better cause it was such a simple game but difficult and most of all fun but they did.
lenfourteen ratingfive love the new game, beautiful graphics a great sequal to the original temple run.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive 2 play
lenthirteen ratingfour good but it takes ages for the cave to come but very addictive
leneighteen ratingfive iam playing this game for almost 3 hours but iam still not bored of it this game is awesomeeeeeeee. .
lenthirteen ratingfive very nice graphics, awesome gameplay, and a reasonably solid performance - asus transformer prime tf201
leneleven ratingfive it is great to temple run, keeping the feel and fun!
lenfive ratingfive good graphics and good levels
leneight ratingfive i played tr1, it was good but tr2 beats it.
lenfive ratingfive amazing gameplay and time killer.
lensix ratingfive probably best in quad core devices.
lenten ratingfive my dual core galaxy note seems a bit under powered.
leneight ratingfive also sucks up a lot of battery juice
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive you can pretend its real lol
lenseven ratingfive one of the most addicting games of 2013
lennine ratingfive i seriosly cant find a fault with this game.
lenten ratingfive thats all that is needed to be said amazing game!
lensixteen ratingfive temple run two is so cool and mite even be better than temple run one xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxxoxoxox
lentwentyfour ratingfive even better than the original tr. new stuff and seems like the machanics handle finger swiping better or it registers better on the screen.
lenseven ratingfive a vast improvement on the original version.
lentwo ratingfive superb comeback!
leneight ratingfive this is way cooler than regular temple run
lenfive ratingfour super game with awesum graphics .
leneight ratingfive i love it, but it is very addictive!
lentwo ratingfive com 2 ply
lenten ratingfive really good,fun,addictive and better than the first one
lenfourteen ratingthree lags sometimes and it doesnt save coins, everytime i play, my coins start over!
lennine ratingthree 5 stars if it gets updated to change these problems
leneight ratingfive this temple run 2 is better than temple run.
lentwentysix ratingfour it's a good game, but the main problem is that the frame gets stuck for a second and continues resulting in me losing the game
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a really awesome app i play it every time i come back from school (year 5)
lenfourteen ratingone i first thought of phone memory but i have more than enough free space! :@
lennineteen ratingfive its great but it won't beat the first one does slow down sometime but overall it's awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lentwentythree ratingfour good game but it keeps making me lose money so i cant get  over5000 so i will never be able to buy new character.
lensix ratingfive no words to describe simply marvelous !
lensix ratingfive its epic but it lags alot
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive addictive, fast-paced fun!
lenseven ratingfive definitely a must-have, i recommend it.
lenfiftytwo ratingfive this game got way better than ?the first one pros new map gets you involved with more also like railroad running jumping tilting bigger monkey more power ups cheaper prices cons ?the sensitive can be better because when i tilt my phone it doesn't react fast enough but you should download
lenthirteen ratingone i'm not able to play the game as it appears very congested.
lennine ratingone as it seems as the resolution is wrongly set.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 1 was great!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2.
lenthirteen ratingfive a really addictive game the graphics are a lot better than the original.
lenseven ratingfive a bit battery draining but worth it!
lenfour ratingfive yess love the game
lentwo ratingfive perfect game.
lensix ratingfive amazing, much better than the first
lenfive ratingfive the best android  game ever
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingfive much better than temple run 1 really an awesome game
leneighteen ratingfour coin management is nt good nd like to have if we can buy our own things via coin
lentwo ratingfour great games.
lenseven ratingfive nice wonderful android user must downoad it
lenfour ratingfive so much fun & addicting :)
lentwelve ratingthree one thing i noticed is that the sensitivity control has been removed .
lenseven ratingthree and the game play isnt smooth enough .
leneight ratingthree kindly solve these issues in the next update .
lentwentyeight ratingthree when the monkey comes , it blocks most of the view ahead .and sometimes when boast ends up , you continue running with same speed and eventually end up falling .
lenfive ratingfive i love it so fast !
lenseven ratingfour its slow but better then the 1rst one
lenseven ratingfive my phone doesent fit it d: please.
lenthree ratingfive igs awsome tho.
lentwelve ratingfour but bit choppy at times and crashes while using gem to revive :-(
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingthree great graphics !
lensix ratingfive i love the new mine carts!
lentwelve ratingfive great sequel, more challenging but more rewarding runs great on galaxy note 2.
lenthirteen ratingfive love it way better than temple run 1 and also so fun and adictive
lennine ratingfive it was a fantastic sequel to the first one!
lentwo ratingfive super addictive.
leneight ratingthree nice yaar excellent.maza aa gaya khel ke
lentwelve ratingone the game is full of bugs and pauses by itself fix it.!
lenfive ratingone make it like temple run
leneight ratingfive a great improvement from the first temple run.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i can actually play this on my phone and not mess up as much which i used to only be able to do on
lenten ratingfive the game is one of the best i've played.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run two is amazing i am soo glad they madecnumber two i love it!
lenthree ratingfive graphics are cool .
leneleven ratingfive such a better a upgrade than the first and great graphics!
leneighteen ratingfive amazing, just like the last one but on the s3, it stutters during the game play quite a bit
lenten ratingfive excellent work on game.very nice game.keep it up.
lenfour ratingfive the best app evah
lenseven ratingfive this is the perfect game for me! ?
lenthirteen ratingthree occasionally game will lag on 'better' graphic settings, unresponsive swipes, and insensitive accelerometer.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the game is awesome because it's the  opposite  of  temple run that's what i'm doing the best game ever.
lenthree ratingfive sick game man
lentwo ratingfive superb game
leneleven ratingfive best time killing game ever on top of very decent graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive half the time i miss my turns because i'm busy looking around.
lenfourteen ratingfive very cool game everyone should try this game go one then two real cool
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwenty ratingfour it would be five star game if you fix the clitches and it likes to lag every now and then
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is poppinnnnnn!
lenfive ratingfive gud game.nyc tym pasd
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenthree ratingfour way fun game.
lentwelve ratingfour lot of improvement from the first one and i loved that too.
lenthirtynine ratingfour only thing keeping from 5 star game is when trying to use gem to save myself, more often than not it just freezes and closes but still takes gem but not even score will stick if its a high score.
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy proclaim
lensix ratingfive great work devs, another fantastic run!
lenseven ratingfive love achievements and look of a game
lenten ratingfive great game, a huge improvement and a great time killer
leneight ratingfive needs less lag but other wise its good
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 is the best better then any game in the world
lenfour ratingfive its challenging and fun
leneight ratingfive love the graphics, and the new demon monkey.
lenfive ratingfive keeps me occupied for hours.
lenfive ratingfour its a lot of fun!
lentwenty ratingfour although, i feel at times there are way too may objects moving around.objectives are also quite engaging.fun stuff!
lenfour ratingfive this game is entertaining.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is sooooooo amazing its a lot better than the first one
lenthirteen ratingfour it's a good game but it is kinda choppy on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive this game is really fun!
lenten ratingfive it is a little easier and a lot more funner!
lenten ratingfive its so fun but wll harder then the first one :-)
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love the game, though a little slow and unresponsive at times :( however, the graphics and overall interactivity of this far surpass the original
lenten ratingfour i thought temple run 1 was tough & the effects were good.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is better than the 1st with better obstacles.i rate this 4 because it is kinda glitchy.
leneighteen ratingthree this game has a little too much and it is a little confusing but the game is fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive i reached 3 million & its it's very easy to receive coins .
lenthree ratingfive nice app overall
lenninetythree ratingthree when coming to the railway part, i found out there was little bit of delay when changing to other direction, some sharp corners are unable to react because of the little bit of delay, another problem is the powerup won't refresh when u pick up the same powerup with the powerup that activated, and maybe you can develop a scoreboard system like subway surfers so that more people will play this game to compete their score, will rate 5 star once this problem is fixed, overall it's a fun and addictive game
lenfourteen ratingfour i love this game, but sometimes my gems randomly disappear when i upgrade abilities.
leneleven ratingfour i've lost at least 3 already. :/ please fix this for 5 stars.
lenseventeen ratingthree it's fun but it won't let me jump and it takes too long the load
lenfive ratingfive hooked on to the game. !
leneight ratingfour the lag is messing me up to much.
leneight ratingfour or the next best thing is subway surfers
lenten ratingthree the game's great but the sensor stops working sometimes.
leneight ratingthree also, after long playing it starts to hang.
lenseven ratingthree please fix it & i'll give 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfour this game is great!
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1.
lenseventeen ratingfour i have to tilt my phone a whole 45＜, and it's annoying and really affects game play.
lenfive ratingfour i'd like accelerometer settings.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour 4 stars because it would be more interesting for if there was more scenerys to look at and plus differant levels would be good aswell instead of looking at the same setting all the time.
lenfour ratingfour most.amazing.game.everz.
leneighteen ratingfive this is way better than all thenother types of tempele runs like the bear gryls one or number 1
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive addiction game
leneleven ratingfive this game is excellent and  i like the new gem system.
lentwo ratingfive super cool
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensixteen ratingfive no crashes or bugs that i've found, and it's much better than the original.
lentwentysix ratingfour great game, like the new features but when i try to use the revive it crashes the game, fix this issue and it'll be perfect.
lenseven ratingfour dis game works best on an ipad.
lenseven ratingfive it runs smooth and us really addictive.
leneight ratingfive a lot of improvements from the first one.
lenfive ratingfour gud game wid nice graphics.
lenseven ratingfour d bonus shud b nicely visible thou.
lensixteen ratingfive temple run one of the most addictive game ever made in the history of mobile gaming.
lensixteen ratingfive while playing tr1 i always wondered about the next series of this game and here it is.
lentwelve ratingfive tr2 is really a wonderful addition and the game play is just fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive amazing graphics and no lags at all.
lentwelve ratingfive a bit tough than tr1 but then thats the beauty of this game.
lenfour ratingfive imangi devs you rock.
lenten ratingfive i think temple run is amazing but part2 is even better.
lenfive ratingfive this app is really cool!
lenfour ratingfive addictive, much better than no1 .
lensix ratingfive thats enough back to the game.
lenten ratingfour this is an amazing sequel to an already great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour visual, gameplay and performance have all seen a boost in this second game, which is always amazing to see developers do.
lenthirtyone ratingfour (power ups not refreshing if it's already in use, no sensitivity slider like the first game) but i think nothing that the developers won't fix in the coming weeks.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game !
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game i am never of it xxxxxx  download it now for a fun fun time x
lenfour ratingfive the graphics ars beautiful!
lenfourteen ratingfive the way that the screen transitions from one running scenery to another is awesome!
lenseven ratingfive i hope that temple run 3 comes out!
lenfive ratingfive so fun, really great game
lenseven ratingfive my favorite game.i just love it.
lenseven ratingfive a very good game make temple run 3
leneleven ratingfive great game would get 5 if power button worked at first click.
lennine ratingfive amazing buy straight away best thing it's free
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
leneight ratingfour graphics are awesome and super fun and addicting.
lennine ratingfour between "especially to pass the timen flights or meetings
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game
lenfourteen ratingfive it is a great game but it is really slow to react to movement.
lennine ratingfive i loved number 1 and this one is even better.
leneight ratingfive i hope that you make it better imangi!
lenfive ratingfive best game to kill time ;)
lenthree ratingfive best temple run.
lensixteen ratingfive ever created by imangi better than subway surfers.next time just have more characters next time
lenseven ratingfive awsum game n sexy graphics  loved playing
lensix ratingfive it's annoying.pls fixed it
lenfour ratingfive totally worth the wait.
lenfive ratingfive stood up to the expectations.
lenfour ratingfive a lot more real.
leneight ratingfive good graphics, fun, addicting, but does lag occasionally
leneight ratingfive i love this game i play it everyday
lenthree ratingone this game sucks
lenfive ratingfive i like the updated features.
lenfour ratingfive smooth controls, breathtaking scenery.
lenseven ratingfive fast pace fun for the entire family.
leneight ratingfive always a challenge ahead just a jump away.
lenthree ratingfive better than tr 1
lensixteen ratingfive i rated this app because its way better than temple run 1 because it is more detailed .
lenten ratingfive inthink it would be good if u released another one .
lennine ratingone i payed for 150000 coins and the coin value doubler.
lenthree ratingone received no product.
lensix ratingone seller wont respond to my emails.
leneleven ratingone ill give it a few days then im reporting to bbb.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive ashum i love it
lenfour ratingfive ok but not bad
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love this game on my galaxy nexus,i would like to have new characters though cause i've already unlocked all of them.
lentwo ratingfour hint hint.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like the game but it wasn't as good as the 1st one
leneighteen ratingfive this game is as addictive as smack lol gr8 for wen ur on tj bog havin a massive dump
leneight ratingfive i love this temple run, i'm addicted.
lenseven ratingfour best game ever.temple run 1+2 are great
lenfifteen ratingfive the new temple run is a great game for tablets and the graphics are awsome
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 your game is awesome :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo only problem i have with the gane is everytime i have a 1 mil plus run going and i use save me it crashes and i lose everything i earned including my gem.fix it!
lenfourteen ratingfive so much better than the first one and there's a really cool rullacuster
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfive ratingfive omg thats is sobeautiful amazing.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game ;-)
lenfour ratingfour different,colorful and coooool
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome n i love it
lenfour ratingfive it's ab fab!
lenfourteen ratingfour can someone explain to me why all my progress (like 20 hours work) is gone?
lensix ratingfive best game ever its like in 3d.
lensix ratingfive xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx <3
lenten ratingfive its so much fun way better than the first one
lenfive ratingfive games is so addictive lbs :)
lensix ratingone it doesnt even open the menu!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfive pure genius!
leneleven ratingone i played it for 5 minutes and it made me a headache.
leneleven ratingone too many things to do, i liked the simple temple run.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo when i went to play this game it came up big on my screen and i couldn't play it because i couldn't see the road ahead.
lenfive ratingfive definitely better graphics and environment.
lenseven ratingfive love the addition of the mine cart.
lennineteen ratingone after you get past the beginning trial run game freezes up and won't let you play at all.
lenfive ratingfive good game to get addicted.
lenseventeen ratingfive i can't find nothing wrong with this game besides that it keeps me up all night
lensix ratingone package file invalid for xperia live.
lenseven ratingone game is crashing on lg optimus back.
lenfour ratingfour i love this app!
lenseventeen ratingfour compared to temple run it has better graphics, more things to escape- like ropes and mine carts.
lenfive ratingfour i really love temple run 2!
lennine ratingfour however, the tilting seems to e a bit off.
lentwentynine ratingfour what i mean is, even if my thumb becomes slightly off of my tablets bessel, the guy trips and causes that god awful monkey to follow close after me.
lenten ratingfour well, until that is fixed or figured out, four stars.
lentwentynine ratingfour its an unreal game!but when i have money i lose it after a run or two so i can't unlock the next character :( otherwise my best game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lennine ratingfive sumit  mast he friend pls instal kro or khelo
lentwelve ratingfive this is an exelant game  is their going to be temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive its to much fun to stop playing
lenfifteen ratingtwo good and ask but when i bought double coins with my money it didnt work.
leneight ratingtwo just robbed me of 3 quid and a bit.
lenfour ratingfour i love the game.
lenten ratingfour i played it on my friends sidekick 4g and it works.
lensix ratingfour but as for mine it doesnt.
lenseven ratingfour please have an update or fix asap.
leneight ratingfour this game keeps me wanting to see more.
lenfour ratingfour my kids love it.
leneleven ratingfive has more to it than 1 so it is much more fun
lenseven ratingfour really addictive game one of the best
lennine ratingone can't turn down volume or mute please fix.
lenten ratingfive game is actually very good.,.and graphics is also good.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lentwenty ratingfive i love temple run two much better then the first one i hope there will be an even better temple run3!
leneight ratingfive i think this is better then temple run
leneight ratingfive kaim game nave pange paye aa is va
leneight ratingfive new features, upgrades and characters are very good.
lenfive ratingfive great upgrade over its predecessor!
lentwelve ratingfive the addictive and highly entertaining sequel to temple run is a+ amazing.
lensixteen ratingfive reconmended for those lazy houra in the waiting room or for a goal-oriented gaming experience.
lensix ratingfive nice improvements in old temple run.
lennineteen ratingfive difficulty level is higher and better than older one and also lots of power ups introduced in this version.
lennineteen ratingfive if this game runs smoothly on your phone then i'm sure you will be addicted to temple run 2.
leneight ratingfive simple this is very good game to play.
lenthree ratingfive awesome great fun
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive i play it until my phone dies.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's hard but addictive&it makes the first temple run look more easier!
lenthirteen ratingfive it was worth the wait for it to become available on play store
lensix ratingfive its more better than temple run
lenseven ratingfive very laggy, but i still give 5 star
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive but i was thinking the next temple run game should be celebrity temple run, where we can buy celebrity characters with the coins and have them be running out of hollywood away from papperazi.
lentwenty ratingfour the game is fun, except every time i try to use the wings by double tapping, it doesn't work
lennine ratingfive this game is the nest in the world x
lenthirteen ratingthree i like the game but some bugs are preventing me from enjoying it.
lentwentysix ratingthree if you have a boost pickup and go down a zip line you will continue running at boost speed after it finishes causing you to die.
lentwentytwo ratingthree also, when my phone is plugged to a charger the game lags on turns and slides causing me to die as well.
lenfourteen ratingfive i already got 11k and ive been playing tr2 for a couple of days with 179 games.
lenthirteen ratingfive my multiplier is 53 and i was a beast in the old temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive so that's how i got my smooth record in tr2 :] best game :d
lentwentytwo ratingtwo the game is sick but sometimes when use save me it restarts the game and still takes my emeralds pldsse fix for 5*
lensixteen ratingtwo game shakes.when you do a move during a shake it doesnt register and you die.
lenfourteen ratingtwo and the ledges are too sensitive, you have to turn your phone almost sideways.
lenseven ratingtwo great game if ur under 2.5 million points.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo every time i pass the point (with perfect signal or airplane mode on) the game starts to glich then u turn and jump and especially if u use a save me.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i just got to 4.7 million points and to no fault of mine the game killed me repeatedly.
lenfive ratingtwo please fix thanks  loyal fan
lenseven ratingthree its coo but sometimes it be glitching
lennine ratingfive best yet more of a challenge for me coolio
lenfour ratingfive loving the new gameplay
lentwentyone ratingfive my only problem is the sensitivity when you tilt is poor, especially when you're in the tunnel in the cart.
lentwentyone ratingfive better graphics , more obsticals only complaint is i wish there were more chapters to buy other than that it's outstanding !
leneleven ratingfive its exelent they even made i harder by adding in mines
lenfour ratingfive love it so addicting
lensix ratingtwo version one is sooo much better.
lenseven ratingtwo would play the original anytime over this
lenfive ratingfive well you guys did awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive smooth graphics and all that stuff you guys added is simply awesome.
lenseven ratingfive thanks to all the temple run team.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfive gud mjhs a gy 1 to acha tha y or bhi bhadeya h
lenfour ratingfive much easier to play!
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lennine ratingfour the game have nice graphics.& many more new features.
lentwo ratingfive nice sequel
leneight ratingfour after so many years plyed such cool game
leneight ratingfive this game not download in my tablet beetel magiq2.
leneleven ratingfive tablet internal free space is 69.07 mb & sd card free space 4.5gb
lenfourteen ratingone excited for new game to come out but was dissapointed when game doesnt load.
leneight ratingone game sits on menu screen and eventually exits.
leneleven ratingone i have samsung infuse please fix and i will change rating.
lenfour ratingfive extreemely good mae temple runn3
lenfifteen ratingthree tr2 is a decent game but does not hold a flame to the new pitfall game.
leneight ratingfive i like games that use the same controls
lentwo ratingfive ultimate game
lenfour ratingfive a true stress bruster.
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lenten ratingfour just wish there was different levels you could choose from! :)
leneight ratingfive amazed with the new graphics and game play.
lenthree ratingfive definitely a winner
leneight ratingfive hmm i am really enjoying this app lol
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive truly, it is an amazing game !
lentwentyseven ratingone 0 stars, cant even play without it reseting on me, poor quality can't even play on normal quality cant make 250 meters without dying what a horrible game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive fab game with loads of new things!
lentwo ratingfive seriously addicted!
lentwo ratingfive beats expectations
lenseven ratingone doesn't open on my motorola optimus
lenseven ratingfive it is awesome you can stop playing
lenfiftynine ratingthree why is it i'm collecting coins and its 2000 one min and when i go on again i only have 200 and i'm not puting save me so where is tpit going can u tell me cuz i can't update people till its sorted x three stars is all ur getting at mo till this is solved cheers
lenthirty ratingthree i enjoy the game but i would be happy and enjoy the experience if this lag could be fixed also i would give this 5 stars once a patch is released
lentwentyfour ratingone i have the motorola triumph and it let me download the game but whenever i click on it to play it doesnt let me.
lenseven ratingone please fix this i want to play.
lensix ratingfive great graphics and excellent game play
lentwenty ratingthree this is a really good game but some reason i'll play it and later it won't effen work!
lenten ratingfive i think this game is absolutely brilliant i rate 5 star.
lennine ratingfive my sister and my friend ryan loves this game!
lentwelve ratingfive i would like it if the coin magnet still multiplied the value
lenthirty ratingthree have to tilt my tablet way too much in order to get the character to move left or right and the mine segment of the game is sort of buggy.
lennineteen ratingthree when i try to turn a corner in the mine it often doesn't register and results in failures.
leneleven ratingfive awesome game play awesome graphics the game is simply awesome guys.!
lenseven ratingfive no lags some people saying it lags.
leneight ratingfive great game but giant demon monkey scares me
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneight ratingfive its the best one so far more challenging
lenfourteen ratingfour haven't played it yet because they haven't made it compatible for my sidekick4g
lenfortysix ratingfour the new features add a new simension to the challenge, but when you have to tilt to the side to avoid falling off, you either need to tilt a little bit before you need to or jump then tilt in the air to avoid falling off.
lentwo ratingfive gud app
lentwelve ratingfive i really love dis.3 cheers for the one who made this game.!
lentwentyseven ratingfour the reason why i gave 4 stars is because when you get in to the 'bucket' and travel through the mine is difficult to see.please do something!
lenfour ratingfive it's fatafati game
leneleven ratingfive this game is great but it does have it's issues.
leneleven ratingfive first off, i've noticed a few objectives being titled wrong.
lenten ratingfive '14 million club' should read '1/4 million club' and other similar objectives.
lentwelve ratingfive i've also noticed getting 2 objectives at once being the same objective.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive i'm not sure if that's a glitch or if that just means i'm approaching the end of the objectives but it's slightly annoying and would make the whole experience more straight forward if fixed.
lenfourteen ratingfive last, i would like to see a better way of spending my excess coins.
lentwenty ratingfive the "head start's" are a decent idea but don't contribute much when your scores cross the multimillion mark.
lenthirteen ratingfive maybe add more upgrades or more ranks to each upgrades in future patches.
lennine ratingfive i would also like to see a "tilt sensitivity"
lentwenty ratingfive i have to tilt my phone way too much just to move from the center of where i'm running.
lentwelve ratingfive otherwise, this game is great and i can't put it down.
leneighteen ratingfive have to charge my phone multiple times in one day now just because of how much i play.
lenten ratingfive i highly recommend this game to people of all ages.
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lenfive ratingfour is anyone else losing coins?
lentwentytwo ratingone won't even let me play the game it comes up with title page then takes me on to play store again !
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is definitely better than the previous temple run which also makes it better.
lensix ratingfour good graphics and great new features.
lennine ratingfive keeps freezing , need to patch quick good game though
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lentwelve ratingfive kids are hooked to it, now i seldom get my tablet back.
lenfive ratingfive please add an exit button!
leneight ratingthree wish it would be as smooth as iphone .
lentwentyone ratingthree i love it but you should be able to continue runs when you close the game and start it up again.
leneight ratingthree also when i use save me it crashes.
lenfive ratingone wont work on the infuse
lenthree ratingfive a lot harder!
lenthree ratingfive but insane graphics!
lentwo ratingfive brilltastic games
lenseven ratingtwo game still not suited for older devices.
lennine ratingtwo what is the purpose of providing resolution options then?
lensix ratingfive this is such a great app!
lenfour ratingfive its addicting and awesome!
lenfive ratingfive i love to play it!
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time!
lentwo ratingfive im addicted
leneight ratingfive a great addition to this line of games.
leneight ratingfive enough is different to make it worth playing.
lenfive ratingfive i like it way more!
lentwentyone ratingone everytime i try to install it, it comes up with a sign saying 'package file is invalid' what do  i do?
lentwo ratingone samsung galaxy s3
leneleven ratingone i keep getting an error message regarding an invalid file packet
lenfifteen ratingfive when i open game it shows imangi studio symbol in green, but then closes out.
lentwo ratingfive pls help
lenseven ratingone it doesnt work on my motorola triumph/;
lennine ratingfive totally blows the regular game out of the water.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting
lenfive ratingtwo everything is perfect except tilting
lensix ratingtwo it lags on my xperia sola :'(
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing graphics, e team remained true to the original game but this time far better!
lensix ratingfive simply e best & addictive as ever!
lentwo ratingone fling sukxxxss
lentwelve ratingfive i like the graphics most.but its too difficult than temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive if you liked temple run 1 you have to download this game.
lentwentynine ratingfive it's really upped its game, and is so beautiful the graphics on my samsung s2 is mind blowing, not that i'm complaining but how is this game free!?
lenfifteen ratingfive get it now before they change their minds ;-) great game guys, another must have game!
lenthirteen ratingfive i thought the first one was addictive, this one is awesome and addictive.
lenseven ratingfive big respect to the makers good job
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the new graphics and game play is much smoother than the original one.
lenten ratingfour its a great game but it has a few glitches .
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting
lenfive ratingfive great, come handy when bores.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive i got this app and i love it .it is super fun and a lot better than the normal but i still like the normal one it is amazing :-)  hands up for this app
lennine ratingfive excellent addicting game ,i play it all the time.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing better than number one!
lenthree ratingfive cool real yo
lenfour ratingfive great best game ever
lenseven ratingfive great better detail than the old one.
lenfive ratingfive i'm enjoying playing it
lensix ratingfive it's  really time pass fantastic
lenseven ratingfive great game get it while its free.
lenseven ratingfive i love it its a great game
lenseven ratingone cant download game due to this error.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive a great mobile game with excellent progression
lentwo ratingfive awsmm game
leneight ratingfive its fun for it took 4 ever to download.
lenseventeen ratingtwo when i first got temple run 2 i thought it would be just as good as the first.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the coins are very difficult to get because the coin sensitivity is not good whatsoever.
lentwelve ratingtwo also, the turns are very hard to see because of the colors.
lenthirteen ratingtwo although the graphics are pretty good, the game didn't meet my standards.
leneight ratingthree cud be better.sum glitches.runs smooth though.
lenfifteen ratingone won't let me download due to an error i never have this problem therefore 1*
leneighteen ratingfive both temple run games are fu n! i've been waiting for tr2 to come out for a while!
lenthree ratingfour fckn hard lol
lenfourteen ratingone opens and says 'imangi studios' then closes and sends me to my home page.
lenseven ratingtwo freezes in the middle of a game
lensix ratingfive much improved than the original one.
lenfour ratingthree its a great game.
lennineteen ratingthree there's less lag, everything looks more realistic and its not as fast paced as the original temple run.
leneighteen ratingthree my only problem is that when i get a gem and i fall off i cant use it.
lentwelve ratingthree i tap save me and the game freezes and then force closes.
lensix ratingfive i love it its gooooood game
lenfive ratingfive best ever, highly recomend it
lenten ratingfive 22yr old addicted 14yr old addicted 4yr old addicted we love this game
leneight ratingfive i am really enjoying it aits really fun!
leneight ratingfive its a good game but could b better.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice graf
lenthree ratingfour a great game
lensix ratingfour i love the roller coaster part
lenfive ratingfour the game is super good.
leneleven ratingfour if you like temple run 1 than you would love this game.
lennineteen ratingfour the only thing is when you move from side to side it's a little hard to do it.
lenfive ratingfive best temple run game ever.
leneleven ratingfive addictive, great looking, small burst playing, progression and most importantly fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive well done devs winning combo, i'd like to see you now evolve like rovio.
lentwo ratingfive great squeal
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfour temple run 2is way better than the first temple run !
lenthirteen ratingfive looks like all the feedback and wishlists have gone into the second version
lenten ratingfive i loved it run 2 is much more adventures than run 1
lenthree ratingfive awsomest game ever.
lennine ratingfive works great on android and the effects are great!
lenfive ratingone just crashes on start up.
leneleven ratingfive its a really great game try it you will love it
lenthree ratingfive im so impressed
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is really cool
lenfourteen ratingfive i love temple run two it  is amazing one of the best games ever
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive great update to v1
lenfive ratingfive really good work imangi studios.
lenfive ratingfive simply amazing love the graphics .
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome <3
leneighteen ratingthree when i hit save me the game crashes.and only when i'm having a really good run.
lenthree ratingfive fun as hell
leneighteen ratingone kinda sucks actually, slightly better graphics but if you played the first one, you will hate this one.
lensix ratingone horribal sequel to a great game
leneight ratingfive i already put like 2 hrs into the game!
lentwentyfive ratingthree i would give it 5 stars but half the time you hit save to use a gem to continue it kicks you out and starts over
lentwelve ratingthree this game has the common tendency to get very choppy and laggy.
lennineteen ratingthree the game content is amazing, but these framerate issues cause many undeserved deaths and detract heavily from the experience.
lenten ratingthree i'll give it 5 stars when these issues are fixed.
lenthree ratingfive it awsome game
lensix ratingone just stays on "imangi studio's"
lenfour ratingfive good game better challenges
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics, super fun.
lenseven ratingfive small bugs, but its a new game.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lenten ratingfour the game lags a bit on the lg optimus black
lenseven ratingfive it's much better than temple run 1
lennineteen ratingfive much better challenge very smooth i have it on the ipod and its so laggy shame on apple haha
lenfour ratingfive wow what a game
lentwelve ratingfour pretty great game, but runs kinda slow and crashed on "save me"
lenfour ratingfour on the droid razr.
lensix ratingfive two circumnavigator objectives, one not updating 2.
lenseventeen ratingfive it's possible to get stuck in super speed after the speed boost power up duration ends.
lentwentyone ratingfive the easiest way to reproduce this is if you keep sliding while the power up is active or keep jumping up.
leneight ratingfive sometimes it happens after going down a rope 3.
lenfifteen ratingfive powerups of d same kind do not refresh when you pick a new one up 4.
lennine ratingfive it's possible to mess up the characters orientation.
lennineteen ratingfive this is very hard 2 reproduce but it's possible if you land safely from a would be fatal fall
lensix ratingfive it is banging like a biscuit
lenfifteen ratingfive finally you have brought it to android i have it on my iphone its amazing!
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!
lentwelve ratingfour it is realy good better than the origanal and thier's levels
lentwentytwo ratingfive hello budy i was not big fan of temple run 1, but now m totly adicted to this game i lov it templerun 2.
lentwentyfive ratingfive all i want to say tht i have lg 4x hd it means fastest mobile so i just want tht please make this game more smooth.
lenthree ratingfive fab.fab.fab.!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive my compliments to the developers.
lensix ratingfive can't believe it is free.
lentwentythree ratingfive brilliant, love it even more than the first one - many imitators but never found one to equal or better either of these games.
lenseven ratingfive recommend to everyone - thanks to the developers.
lentwentythree ratingfour only complaint is that the upgrade menu is hard to use without buying upgrades i don't want just by trying to scroll.
lenfive ratingfive i love the new game
lensixteen ratingfive this game is sooo addictive love; it i've bin addicted 2 tenple run 1 ha absolutely gd
lensix ratingfive great game very addicting install now
lenfour ratingfour simple and addictive game.
lenseven ratingone freezes my phone everytime i play it
lenthree ratingfive omg so amazing!
lenfour ratingfour great job imangi studio
lenten ratingfive more variety, more action, more addictive than the first version.
leneighteen ratingone its so stupid, it took away most of my coins, i was at 20,000 then it put me at 555.
lenfive ratingone i didn't buy anything.
lenthree ratingone this game sucks
lentwelve ratingfive too good that even a lower end android device runs without lagging.
leneleven ratingfive this game is very challenging but in a good way though.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy playing it!
lenfive ratingfive its a awesome game 2 play!
lenseventeen ratingfive i would download the game if you don't have it, it'll be worth downloading & playing! :)
lenthirteen ratingthree i wish there was a way you could pay off challenges with coins.
lenfifteen ratingthree some of them are near impossible unless you're a insanely good temple run player.
lenfourteen ratingthree but other than that, this is a morr addicting game than the first one.
lennineteen ratingfive i downloaded it and tried to play it, but after 3mins of waiting it crashes then force close.please fix.
lentwentyfour ratingfive tr stands for temple run btw this is the bes app ive ever gotten but its too bad im bad at playing it lolz
lenfourteen ratingfour when trying to move to sd card phone says "can't move to sd"
lensixteen ratingfive i am so glad they brought it back but it does not show me the menu.
lenthree ratingfive cant play it :(.
lenfive ratingfive brilliant game i'm hooked!
leneight ratingfive this is best game ever played good graphics
lenfour ratingfive loveeeee it great graphics
lenfour ratingtwo game is always lagging
lenfour ratingfive love it si adicted
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive kills a lot of time extremely easily.
lenseven ratingfive maybe even a little too easily haha.
leneight ratingone in da middle of loading it turns off
lenthree ratingfive lol coolgosh wow
lenfourteen ratingfive very good graphics the creativity of the ideas are outstanding espicially the cart bit
lenfive ratingfour great graphics and its fun
lennine ratingfive rate it 5 stars its much better than temple run
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love the game, i loved both temple run's and i cannot rate it any better should be a 10 star rating
lentwelve ratingfive awesome last one was fun but this one is so much better
lennineteen ratingfive fantastic game can't stop playing but after i get so fat  the game begins to lag really bad
lenseventeen ratingfour just like the first one, once you start playing it you won't be able to stop
lenfive ratingfive fun but lags a lot.
lenfive ratingfive i love every challenging level!
lenfive ratingfive except for the big monkey.
lenseven ratingfive he need s to take a nap.
lenfifteen ratingfive and sometimes i am so scared of him because when he yells, u mess up
leneight ratingone i downloaded it and it won't start.
leneight ratingone it only shows me the start up screen.
lenseven ratingone i was looking forward to playing it.
leneight ratingfive it is soo fun better than temple run
lenten ratingfive havent even played it yet, but it is insane anyway.
leneight ratingfive temple run is so fun i love it!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive takes a bit to get used to the corners and hills.
lensix ratingfive this is the best soooo adicted
lenfour ratingfive more of this plsssss
lenseven ratingfour first temple run was much more difficult.
lenthree ratingfive best android game
lentwenty ratingfive love the graphics my daughter was always stealing my phone to play temple run now ill never get it back
lentwentyone ratingthree can you please fix the lag problems on this for the motorola luxe.other than it would be an amazing game.
lentwelve ratingfive a brilliant game works great a lot better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive tons of fun.
lenfive ratingfive this game is truly magnificent
lentwentyfive ratingthree every time i get over 2000 coins the game deducts a few so i'm left with 555 .never gonna buy any other characters at this rate !
lenthirteen ratingthree i have un installed  and re loaded the game but this problem persists. .
lenthree ratingfive awesome a'ff
lentwo ratingfive sooooo awesome
lenten ratingfive i like this game, it's better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i play it everyday.
lenten ratingfive this game its on the one my kids love it
lenfour ratingfour a lot of fun!
lentwo ratingfour more challenging.
lenthree ratingfour excitement and adventurous.
lensix ratingfour temple run 1 fans will love it!
leneight ratingfive really good game with some amazing graphics, 5 stars!
lenfive ratingfive more fun than temple run
lenten ratingfour it's a lot more fun than the first one.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i noticed when your boost runs out on a zip line sometimes you keep going super speed but your no longer invincible.
lenfive ratingfive this game keeps u entertained.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingthree it stops  when i die.
leneight ratingfive awesome game the graphics are great must install
lennine ratingfive imo its better than the first one.just better.
lenthree ratingfour fun time waster
lenfive ratingfive this game is absolutely amazing!
lensix ratingfive probably the best infinite runner atm.
lensixteen ratingtwo i don't know why but the game keeps crashing and it doesn't completely start.
leneight ratingtwo i uninstall and reinstall and is still happening.
lentwentynine ratingfive it's a cool game but whenever you have the shield and you hit something the shield goes away so you have to fix that immediately but great job
leneight ratingfive this is a major upgrade to the original!
lensixteen ratingone it only jumps when i try to turn or duck it jumps it is very anoying.
lensix ratingfive this game hads got outstanding quickly
lentwenty ratingfour it is a little unresponsive at times not to mention some occastional glitching where i would fall through a bridge
lennine ratingone now, i can only get to the "imangi studios"
lenfive ratingone part before the actual game
leneighteen ratingfive i'm not saying it's better than temple run but it definitely has a lot more features .
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
lenfive ratingfive best graphics, challenging and interesting .
leneighteen ratingfive definitely better than the first.graphics are improved and all new changes are great additions to the game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive completely addicted to this game.
lenten ratingfive new aspects make it much more fun than the original.
lenfive ratingfive best game eva real ish
lenten ratingfive has everything i loved from the first one and more
lenfourteen ratingfour would be nice if it had a kids mode that had less tilting though.
lenfour ratingfive eek i want a 3
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are way better on the second one than in part 1
lensix ratingfive it is awesome game to play
lentwentythree ratingthree this game is awsome just that on android it the game freezes and once it unfreezes the character falls through a random hole.
lennine ratingthree try to fix and i will give a 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive !this game is a boss!
lenfive ratingfour its fun id try it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennineteen ratingfour the quality is amazing but it is very glichy i love all the new things you can get also.
lenfifteen ratingfive a big improvement on temple run 1 and i love how you go through different levels
lennineteen ratingfive this is not a rehash of the first temple run but a complete revamped and re-imagined temple run!
lennine ratingfour great love the game, can already imagine temple run 4!   :)
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is soo much better than the first with new challenges and graphics!
lenseven ratingfive what a game cant put it down.
lenfortythree ratingfive they should of kept double and triple the coin magnet of using the coin magnet because u can enable the coin magnet when ever you want other than that fantastinc game and it lags just a little in the beggining of each run
lenfortyone ratingfive ?this is excellent and addicting i highly recomend this to anyone willing to download much better than the first for me so far no bugs or anything and we get multiple characters i luv and i know you will too ?;) :d
lenthree ratingfive poooooooop means sweet
lenfive ratingfive this game is beast tho
leneleven ratingthree overall, its a great game but it laggs on my phone.
lenten ratingthree i will rate this 5 stars if the lagg is fixed.
lenten ratingone sucks for me game just forcecloses right after start uninstall!
lentwo ratingfive supper like !
lenthirteen ratingone it wasn't what i was expecting if anything i was expecting better
leneight ratingfive great game for wasting time and having fun
lennine ratingone it will not left me open up the game
lenseven ratingfour this games is very fun and addicting.
lentwelve ratingfour there are a few glitches and bugs that they need to fix.
lennine ratingone disappointment dosent work everytime i try it just crashes
lentwentyeight ratingfour yes the graphics have improved, yes there are new physics and obstacles, and yes it is a good game, but; is it a good sequel to the original?
lenfortytwo ratingfour i don't think so; the original is much better imho because of things like the feel and the setting, the new temple run is more focused on smooth menu transitions and graphics than the actual excitement being enjoyed by the player.
lentwentythree ratingfour i could talk for days about this game but i that you should should try it too and see if you like it. :)
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i don't know if it's my phone, but all of the temple runs stop.i have to go all the way back to my apps to restart it.otherwise they are great games.
lentwentyfive ratingthree i slide up and it slides down or go left it does what it wantd not sure if because im playing on samsung galaxy tab 2
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive a great sequel.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lenfive ratingfive following bugs need some work:    1.
lentwentyone ratingfive if your boost ends while you are  on a zipline, you keep on running at boost speed and end up dying.
lenten ratingfive it was showing circumnavigator achievement twice in my current objectives.
lenfifteen ratingfive after i finished one, it is now showing gold miner twice in the current objectives.
leneight ratingfive tilt controls seem to be stiff at times.
leneight ratingfive i love it!cant wait for temole run 3
lentwenty ratingfive i got 5 million high score and this game is so so so fun everyone should have it   best app ever!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirtyone ratingthree the app is great but once i get yo about 2,000 coins it will steal about 1,500 of them.i really dont know if its apart or the game or a bug problem.!
leneight ratingfive now i think temple run is totally lame.
lenseven ratingfive temple run is so last year now.
lenfive ratingfive thanks people who made it!
lenfour ratingfive your game user,                                                                                  brianna <3
lenfive ratingthree its very slow and lags
leneighteen ratingthree i love the game but i can't move side to side even though i tilt the screen.
lenfive ratingfive super graphics and smooth play
lenthirtythree ratingfive ; temple run 2 is so fun i play otherhalff all the time, it doesn't mess up your phone or nothing it's so addictive i love this game better than the first one
lenfourteen ratingfive small amount of lag once in a while but other then that no complaints!
leneight ratingfour why won't it work on my phone
lenthirtysix ratingone i got to play the game the first time i launched it but now all of a sudden no matter what i do it won't launch and go to the game it just keeps crashing!
lenfive ratingfour very glitchy.but excellent game.
lennine ratingthree a lot harder than first on which is good.
lentwenty ratingthree but i've flicked up to jump a bunch of times only to watch the guy run  into a rock.
leneleven ratingthree coins are very hard to see when u are moving fast.
lenten ratingthree also items are hidden around corners with 0% chance to get
lentwelve ratingfour good game but can lag quite a lot and ruins game play.
lenseven ratingfive awesome so much better than last one
lenfourteen ratingfive another excellent temple run game with enough changes to keep the player fully engrossed.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but i am sure on numerous occasions when i reach a certain point and try to turn, i just go straight on, no matter what!
lenfifteen ratingfive still no matter as this (in my humble opinion) is, like its predecessor, a masterpiece!
lentwelve ratingfive i love temple run 1  and 2 plz tell me cheats of both games
lensix ratingone can't open game after downloading .
lensixteen ratingfour totally awesome new things to do graphics not only in the stage but in the characters.
lenfour ratingfour new rides and items.
lentwentyfour ratingfour even though the graphics and other stuff have improved i still say temple run 1 is almost as good as number 2 number 2 beats number 1 by 0.5%
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenseventeen ratingfive the realism is amazing, i have often felt as if i were really falling off the edge.
lenthree ratingfour almost 3d like effects.
lennine ratingfour with greater selection of playing character and power ups.
lenten ratingfive i love this game soo much it prfect everything perfect
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenthree ratingthree poor touch response
lennine ratingfive this sequel is far better than the original version.
leneight ratingfive it's amazingly addictive and it's free.
lenseven ratingfive fun and exciting you never  whats  coming
lensix ratingfive i love to   play this game
lentwo ratingone forces close.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive this is a big improvment to the last temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics look awsome, the monster looks cooler, and best of all, its hard :).
lenthirteen ratingfive there should be of a variety of character to choose from instead of 4.
lensix ratingfive im go keen to the game
lensixteen ratingfive pretty much no lags on my atrix hd even when set to the best quality graphics.
leneight ratingfive overall a big improvement over the first one.
lennine ratingfive and nice quick response to the back button bug.
lenseven ratingfive the sensitivity could use some tweaking though.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive edit: there seems to be a bug where if you use boost while on a zip line when the boost ends you will still be running at boost speed which pretty much means death.
lentwo ratingfive 1 word awesome
lentwelve ratingfive finally a game that i can play and i'm good @ .thanks.
lentwo ratingfive tenple run 2
lensix ratingfive best game ever for google play
lenfive ratingfive waaaay better than the first.
lenten ratingfive just like the first temple run number 2 is also addictive!
lenfive ratingfive great game to pass time.
leneight ratingfive just awesome on top of that its.free!(:
lenseven ratingfive can you add a tilt sensitivity option?
leneighteen ratingfive when i tilt like i would in temple run, i would still fall off partial walkways and stuff.
lenfive ratingfive other than that, awesome game.
lentwentyone ratingthree its frustrating when i try to use my gems and i am about get a high score and the game freeze.
lennine ratingthree the old temple run game was never that way.
leneight ratingthree otherwise i would have given the game 5 stars.
lennineteen ratingone love the game, android  v2.2.2, shows imangi and then closes, no warning, no force close, just closes, please fix imangi!
lenthirteen ratingone happy to try anything, contact me on my email, quinn.durlstonpowell@gmail.com
lentwelve ratingfive its better than the 1st one cuz its harder to get the abilities
lenfour ratingfive great graphics r great
lenfour ratingfive this a great game.
leneight ratingfive i dont know how to star someone help:{
lentwelve ratingfive probably one of the best games i've played in a while
lenfour ratingfive best game yet,download
lenfour ratingfour course is way better
lenseven ratingfive no lag, awesome gameplay and very addictive.
lennine ratingfive in conclusion, temple run 2 is a very awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingfive nice graphics and the game keeps you on the edge of ur seat.
lenthree ratingfive amazing better than 1
leneighteen ratingtwo when i jump and tilt my phone it goes off the map and freezes and mess me up
lenseventeen ratingfive iraq is the best game i have ever played nothing will beat this game i love it
lenfive ratingfive better than the older version!
lentwelve ratingfive better inthe cave and i love the rope that you swing on!
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it never lags
lentwentytwo ratingfour so addictive but pushes you to go for micro transactions a bit too much great game better than the first by far!
lenfour ratingfive very dynamic,  great graphics.
lensix ratingfive yeah finally its avaible for.andriod.
lentwentyone ratingfive all my friends were playing this game on their apple devices, and i couldnt download the game, now i finally can!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive i played temple run 2 on my brothers i pad before it came out on android and i loved it
lensixteen ratingfive this seriously is the best game ever my highest score is 4,965,450.way better then the first.
lenfour ratingfive deserves 6 out of 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive looking good great game
lenthree ratingone worst game ever
lensix ratingone it just freezes and force closes.
lenfour ratingone game skips a lot.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfour it's great but please fix the tilt.
lentwentyone ratingone fix the bugs and ill rate this 5 stars i like this game but fix the game i cant play the game
lensix ratingfive great game, full of speed feel
lentwo ratingfive strangely addicting.
lentwentynine ratingfive excellent gameplay couldn't ask for anything else for this game however it is a bit annoying that when you try to revive a second time the game crashes.
leneight ratingfive it makes time fly by i love it
lenfive ratingone gestures do not always register.
lensixteen ratingone no sensitivity calibration(why would you remove this feature) for accelerometer makes getting coins way harder.
lentwentysix ratingthree i would give this 5*'so if they would fix the lagging logging issues and the issues where it won't detect when i move my finger.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive seems easier than tr1 but its still an extremely addictive game!, the only problem i find is when you have to tilt the device its really hard i think there needs to be a sensitivity adjuster for the tilt.
lenthree ratingfive sick game play.
leneleven ratingone i tried playing the game and it gives me a headache.
leneleven ratingone the graphics are good but i like the first one better.
lenfour ratingfive good game, very difficult.
lenten ratingfive ill say it only needs speed like in the turns.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive my son and i are loving this new version!
lenfour ratingfive love it a lot
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive!
lenfive ratingfive better than 1 n more fun.
lentwentyone ratingfour this one our harder and more gin then the ghost but whenever i use the save me it closes pls fix
lentwentyeight ratingtwo looks like an amazing game but cant play cus the scoring thing takes up all the space and i cant click on the menu cus it justs resumes.
lenseven ratingtwo i cant even get through the tutorial!
leneleven ratingtwo tried it on other tablets/phones and looks great. : ( : ( : ( lg optimus l3
lenfifteen ratingfive i downloaded it and it is better than the regular temple run well i think
lenfive ratingfive amazing game- sound, graphivs everything.
lenthree ratingfive better than original.
lenthree ratingfive deffo download it!:3x
lensix ratingfive better then the first more action!
lenfive ratingfive keep you entertained for hours!
lenfour ratingfive this is cool asl
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is very good over all, but dose not work on lg android phone!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwelve ratingfive this game is awesome because you get to go on zip lines
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes it crashes when i hit the save me option,  please fix
lensix ratingfive this game is soo friggin awzum!
leneleven ratingfive i have waisted large portions of my time with this game.
lenthirteen ratingone doesn't work on my htc desire tried installing and reinstalling still nothing.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenfive ratingone i have the touch sidekick.
lensixteen ratingfive it's kinda boring at first but then as you go higher it gets really good
lennine ratingfive thanks for keeping this game free more power imangi.
lenfive ratingtwo it keep freezing up dude
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenthirteen ratingone the app force closes every time upon start up on my samsung infuse 4g.
lentwentytwo ratingfive damaris i love this game im so addicted i just wish you can play against each other but i have no complaints
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenten ratingfive very nice ui.imangi studios, you did a great job!
lenfive ratingfive more power to you guys.:)
lenthree ratingfive fun to entertain
lenfourteen ratingfour please say you will be updating its good but you need to make updates
lentwentyfour ratingone seriously wtf i'm trying to play but it doesn't let me play it just makes me go back to my home screen.
lenthree ratingfive love playing it
lenfourteen ratingfour it is better than the first game but it can get a little glitchy.
lenfour ratingfour overall get the game!
lentwenty ratingfive such a good game, took me a while to get used to it, but really good, and a fun game!
leneleven ratingthree great fun game and a good step up from temple run.
lensix ratingthree the charcter rotates a lot slower.
leneight ratingthree if you can get past that its great.
lenfive ratingfive temple run two is amazing
lenthree ratingfive great funn app
lenten ratingthree i think this is a great app i love it.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree but the only thing is it it never loads on my phone and i dont know why please help me figure out my and fix the bug but other than that i love it.
lenthirtyone ratingfour great game but one little flaw when you get into the mine cart you will hit you head after you jump out of the mines then the monkey guy gets closer.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingthree i can only open the app sometimes, but other than that it's ok
lentwentyone ratingtwo sooooooo many glitches it freezes my phone and i have to tilt way to far to make him move fix immediately
lenfive ratingfive it is amazing so decent
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenthree ratingfive want regret it.
lenfive ratingfive i liked it a lot.
lentwentythree ratingfive can you please add mpoints to your app so that we can on the run also make some rewards while using this app.
lenseven ratingfive also pocket change can be added too.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentythree ratingthree would rate 5 stars if it weren't for the game kicking back to the home screen when trying to continue with gems sometimes.
lensixteen ratingthree also, when it says speed ahead to 2500 meters at the beginning, it only goes to around 1500.
lenfive ratingthree droid razr running ice cream.
lentwo ratingfive super like
lenthree ratingfive blah blah blah
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive not sensitive enough on tilting but otherwise loving it
lenfive ratingfive wow i love this gamw
lenthree ratingfive best game everrrr !
lenfour ratingfive download load this game (:
lentwentyfour ratingone game wont even open on my lg thrill goes to the first loading screen then closes and takes me back to my application menu.
lentwentyfive ratingfive game has great new features although i still miss some old ones and havent gotten the new one figured out yet i really enjoy it
lenthree ratingone it dosent load
leneight ratingfive this new version of tempal run 2 is awesome
leneleven ratingfive it is really cool and different then the first temple run
lenthirteen ratingfour cool game a lot better than the last,it lags a bit though.
lentwelve ratingfive really enjoyed the first one, cant vind any flaws only good things.
lenfive ratingfive this is a perfect improvement.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!
lenthirteen ratingone it will not work on my samsung galaxy s tablet i am gutted
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome game better then the first one more challenging like the mine cart ride.
lenten ratingone i have tried opening it and it kicks me out.
lenten ratingone ive tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it and still nothing
lenthirty ratingfive i love imangi studios there one of the few game developers not scared to come to android from apple brilliant app with no major bugs so far.keep it up;-)
lenfifteen ratingfour like the new game, the new upgrades, works pretty good on my samsung gs ii.
lennine ratingtwo when i download the game it does not work
leneight ratingfive much easier and more rewarding than the original.
lennine ratingfive it was much better then the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive the whole game was beautiful, and had a great picture.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive my only complaints, are that the game takes a long time to load, and the giant monkey takes up pretty much the while screen when you trip, making it hard to see.
lenfive ratingfive awesome download it now ! :d
lensix ratingfive runs real smooth on my droid.
lenseventeen ratingfive in my opinion it just took back the top spot from subway surfers in endless running games.
lennine ratingfive it's what i play wen i get bored
lenten ratingone the app will not even open so i can play!
lenthree ratingone getting very annoyed.
lennine ratingone i uninstalled and reinstalled it 4 different times and nothing!
lensix ratingfive very nice game, i enjoy it
leneighteen ratingtwo looks like a good game but cannot get very far as its lags, slows down and is unresponsive.
lenseven ratingtwo tilt won't work every time too.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is very fun and educational it allows you to have fun when you bored and might i add amazing graphics
lensix ratingfive its a great game to play
lenseven ratingfive this game is completely and utterly addictive.
lenten ratingfive a total must have when stuck in a boring situation!
leneight ratingfive fun game, much better than the first one
lentwenty ratingfive new level from the original temple run, you will find no game like it let alone one that matches it.
lenfourteen ratingfive only criticism would be a long title screen loading and very very rare lag
lentwentysix ratingone playing on a highend galaxy s3 with graphics turned to the lowest setting, and i'm still getting game-breaking fps drops that ruin high score runs.
lenfive ratingone this is a smartphone game.
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't require the most finesse in programming, but apparently imangi lacks basic coding skills.
lennine ratingfive ihighly recommend this game its fast and its fun.
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are awesome by far better then the first one .
lentwentythree ratingthree so i like this app a lot, but it's extremely glitchy and isn't very sensitive to sliding movements on the screen.
lenfifteen ratingthree i had the same problem with temple run 1 and uninstalled because it was so bothersome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive i say you should download temple run 2.
lenfourteen ratingfive amazing its really good with graphics and akk the new things you can do!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is good but its a little hard and it has good graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive thanks a lot for having it free.
lentwentysix ratingfive i give it 5 based on the first game, but i can't play this it gets to the imangi logo and closes on me, please fix!
lentwo ratingfive lg optimus 3d.
leneight ratingfour sometimes it skips but other than that excellent.
lennine ratingfive the game is awesome and there are different charactors
lennine ratingfive this game isnt uno nither dos but its cinco !
lentwelve ratingfour i love the game, but it lags every once in a while.
lennine ratingfour it would be a lot easier without the lag.
lentwentyone ratingfive way better than the first one :) you should add a boss level to where we can kill or defeat the monkey
lennine ratingone i love playing temple run on my friends ipad.
lenfour ratingone my coins keep disappearing.
lenten ratingone maybe fix the bugs first before putting  out a product!
lenten ratingone ive played it and the tutorial is not even working
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lentwelve ratingfive everyone needs this game its much better than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfive thanx for a great game.
lentwentyfour ratingfour it is a great game amd very addicting but when ever i press save me it frezes up and i cant play for 1 hour
lenthirtyeight ratingfour the graphics are good, could still do with some tweaking as the things in the background can be distacting and make it hard to concentrate, it can also take a while to load up which can get frustrating.
lenfifteen ratingfour if these few things where fixed or improved on it would be a definate 5 star.
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time
lenseven ratingfive a big improvement since the last game
lentwelve ratingfive i thought it was only for apple products but i guessed wrong.
lenthree ratingfive im so happy!
lenthree ratingfive really gudd game
lenten ratingfive this game is a lot smoother and finally on android!
lentwo ratingfive worth getting!
lentwo ratingfour hard tho
lenthirteen ratingfour a great way to pass time and an excellent addition to that original
lensix ratingone why is it saying package invalid?
lennineteen ratingfive love it, but i'd like to see the sound options getting fixed as they are currently not working
lenfifteen ratingfive love it i cant get enough every body stop what your doing and download now
lentwentyeight ratingfive i love it is is better then the is better than the other on and the people look real i just hope tuat it be another temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingfive im tired uv da old one dis one has more stunts and places to go get it
leneleven ratingtwo its fun, but only for the first fifteen seconds or so.
leneleven ratingtwo then its too buggy and laggy, even with the graphics down
leneight ratingfive loved the first, the second is no exception.
lenfour ratingfive improved on the original!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseventeen ratingfive it is so fun the way u can change how good the graphics r is very cool.
lenthirty ratingthree the game is fantastic but the time from when you gesture to turn or slide to when it actually happens is too much and the tilting is a bit numb.
lenten ratingtwo i love temple run 1 and this version is even better.
lenten ratingtwo but the game will crash when you hit "save me"
lentwenty ratingtwo (30-40% of the time), which is very annoying when you broke a record or met an objective-- it no longer counts!
lenfive ratingfive great update to a classic.
leneight ratingfive i don't know what else to add.
lenfive ratingtwo it was a great game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo until i randomly lost all my game data and had to start over.
lentwelve ratingtwo now wenever i play it wont let me get past the tutorial.
leneleven ratingtwo and it freezes wen i try to turn the tutorial off.
lentwentynine ratingone tried to play on it but it did not work the first one i really liked but   when i tried to open the new one it didn't work
lenfourteen ratingthree i love the new temple run but app lags so much even with wifi.
leneighteen ratingthree at first i thought it was my phone but i tried playing with an ipod & game still lags.
lenfive ratingthree please improve until then 3 stars
lentwelve ratingfive i knew there was a reason i was excited for this game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this app is amazing take this from a 12 year old and kids know more about games then anyone so please download this app 5 stars
lensix ratingfive awesome best running game out there
lensix ratingone they need to fix the lag.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive bla bla bla .
leneight ratingfive soo much better than the first temple run!
lennine ratingfive i win too much because i am a beast
lenten ratingone it is not running on my samsung galaxy s i9000, android 2.2
lenthree ratingfive pretty good game
lenfive ratingfive omg i luv this game!
lensixteen ratingfour its a great game and i great way to pass time but its a little jittery.
lennineteen ratingfour it always knows how to freeze for a slip secons right when i want to jump for a gem!
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lennine ratingone it should not lag on my htc one x+.
leneight ratingone developers are lazy when it comes to android.
leneighteen ratingone since it makes them less money, they do not code it as well as it's ios counterpart.
lenthree ratingone lags so bad.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive loads of fun and a great way to kill time
lenfourteen ratingfive the tilting could be a little more sensitive but other than that, great game.
lenfive ratingfive wish i had more gems
lenfive ratingfive awesome gaming style and graphics!
lenfive ratingfive like the colors, the adventure.
lentwo ratingfive awesome app
lennineteen ratingfour ill activate coin magenet power up then go round a corner to find a magnet hanging in the air.
lennine ratingfour either make them stack or dont give us it!
lennine ratingfive i made my highest temple run  score ever!10,500 meters!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive love the game but keeps crashing!
lenfourteen ratingfive i fricken love this game .so much better then the old one.well done
lensix ratingfive great visuals, and new game play.
lentwentyone ratingfive my only complaint is that the amount of in game currency needed to get some off the upgrades is to high.
leneighteen ratingfive you have to do in app purchases, or play for a very long time, to get them all.
lenten ratingfive but i guess the developers have to get paid somehow.
leneleven ratingfive this game is awesome & its way better then the other one .
lentwentythree ratingtwo like the game but have tried to buy gems and coins and they never show up but it still takes my money.wtf
lenthree ratingfive its freaking awesome
lenten ratingthree would be so much better if it would stop crashing.
lennine ratingfive best app on the market but lags a little
lenfive ratingone this is good game yeah ?
lentwentyfour ratingone i liked it at first but now every time i try to play, it's like it won't pickup my finger or whatever.
lentwelve ratingone i'll move to jump & it doesn't jump & i just die. :/
lenfive ratingone great game, but extremely lagging.
lenfour ratingone killing all the fun.
leneleven ratingfive this game is a serious improvement from thr original temple run
leneleven ratingfive i love this game already got 1, 250, 457 points :-) awesome game imangi studios
lentwo ratingfive visually stimulating.
lenfive ratingfive download it really great game
leneight ratingone i doesn't work with my samsung infuse 4g :(
lennine ratingfour it is awesom but it tends to lag alot
lennine ratingone it buzzes and wont let me play the game.
lenseven ratingfour give option to adjust sensitivity then 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfour amazing game!
lentwentyfour ratingfive i did not play the first one bcoz its not my kind of game but when i tried downloading and playing tr2 i got hooked!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingtwo lags alot after the new update
lennine ratingthree track is like still loading while you are playing.
leneleven ratingtwo every time after i die if i press skip it freezes
lenseven ratingfive really fun playing this version  love you
lennine ratingthree this game can be slow, and has some glitches.
lenfour ratingthree i dislike the levels.
leneleven ratingfive as good as the first one with a touch of uniqueness
leneighteen ratingfour very fun the graphics and gameplay is way better than temple run 1 hope they make a temple run 3
lentwelve ratingone every time i try to open the game it wouldn't work :(
lentwentythree ratingone my phone says software is up to date and the game wont even open love tr 1 wish i could play tr 2 plz fix
lentwentyseven ratingfive love the game i think its better then the first there are more obstacles and more variation if u loved the first you will enjoy this one
leneight ratingfive game i play  this game all the time
lentwo ratingfive nice game. :-)
lentwelve ratingfive it is so cool it is so nice and get it to
lenfifteen ratingthree evrytime i try to play it it sends me back to my homescreen please fix
lenthree ratingfive the beat game!
lensix ratingfive fun run gone get yall . . . : p
lenthree ratingfive extremely addictive stuff!
leneight ratingfive good it was better then the first time
lenthirtysix ratingthree kind of slow on the tilting .somtimes gets you killed.better than the last but the shildls is not as good as the last ones power up wich was the invisability.will fix review when fixed
lenseven ratingfive it's really addicting and really fun
leneight ratingthree can b glitchy and freeze up at moments.
lennine ratingfive awesome game, very little glitches / freezes but overall amazing
lenfourteen ratingfive more improved than the original temple run, needed a sequel and we got one.
leneleven ratingfour but  its sometimes doessnt load had to install it &reinstall it.
lenthree ratingfour great game tho
lentwelve ratingone i can't play it dose not fit my screen pleese fixxxxxxxxx!
lenfive ratingfive very nice than temple run
lenfive ratingone can't play on sidekick 4g
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lennine ratingfive i love it,, my cuz'n has meh addicted !
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the games a lot more features nd much cooler gameplay overall
lensix ratingtwo temple run 1 is better than this
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingone the screen size is to big for my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone not fit for my lg optimus l3 e400, the screen is very small, please fix it.
leneight ratingfive i think its way better then temple run 1
leneleven ratingone it sucks i cant even play it please fix very soon
lenfive ratingfour this game is sooo fun.
leneleven ratingfour i just wish they made it just a little bit easier
lenten ratingfive this is great you will not find a better app
lenthirteen ratingfive circumnavigator (1,000,000 lifetime meters) is repeated twice and you have to do it again.
lenseven ratingfive gold miner   (500,000 lifetime coins ) same story: repeated.
lentwo ratingfive lovely game<3
leneleven ratingone iv never played the game cuz my phone wont let me >:(
lennine ratingfour its a really good past time have no complaints :)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenten ratingfive i love it i play it like 24/7 best game ever
lenfour ratingfive love temple run two
lenseventeen ratingfive it all cool now new environment and new upgrades you guys should make more temple run games
lennine ratingone i get package file error everytime i try to
lenfour ratingfive easy to learn game.
lentwelve ratingfive my first game on a tablet and it left a good impression.
lenseven ratingfive so fun!i play it none stop
leneleven ratingfive the level of creativity used on the icon/logo amazes me.
leneleven ratingfive this is the best game on the play store so far
leneight ratingfour love temple run 2 better than the first one!:)
lenthree ratingfive worth the wait.
lenseventeen ratingfive although i think they forgot the 'quit button ' because they usually aren't there on the ios.
lenseven ratingfive hope they add it in an update
lenten ratingfive its just awsome way better than temple run like foreal.
lensix ratingfive i love it and more better
lensix ratingfive its a awesome app love it
lentwelve ratingfive awesome but is a little hard but who cares still fun playing!
lenfour ratingfive excellent love love love ?
lensix ratingfive thank for making it free :d
lenfive ratingfive like it rilly good game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
leneleven ratingfour would give 5 stars if a sensitivity control is added for tilting.
lenfourteen ratingfour i have to tilt the phone completely now for a slight movement on screen.
lenthree ratingfour but, great job!
leneight ratingfive it is better and easy than temple run
leneleven ratingthree really game, i would have no complaints except one small issue.
lennine ratingthree the coins i earn keep disappearing after i die.
lenfourteen ratingthree it will not let me get past 5000 coins to upgrade to the next character.
lenseventeen ratingthree i have the motorola razr x. if that one glitch got fixed it would get give stars!
lenseven ratingthree please fix, i really love this game!
leneleven ratingone will not even load freezes every time on start up screen
lentwo ratingfive tuple run
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lenfive ratingtwo wont run on my phone.
leneight ratingtwo it goes  to the loading screen then exits.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenten ratingone kept crashing couldn't play,please fix this imangi studios
lensixteen ratingfive awsame graphics work.but need some improv.soon.then it'll be the greatest game ever.
lentwelve ratingthree it lags to much on my samsung exhibit 2 please fix the problems.
lenten ratingfive this game is the coolest game i played so far.
lentwo ratingfour awesom game!
lentwelve ratingfour but sometimes it hangs my phone when i want to exit it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenseven ratingone it crashes everytime i open the game :(
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive get this amazing app it is so worth putting it on your phone.you must get this awsome app!
lentwentytwo ratingthree is the game buged or something i cant get more then 1000 coins is i go pass it my coins disapear o.o
lenseven ratingfive great game love the graphics and detail.
lensixteen ratingfive please add other character from old game and even new characters other than that great game
leneight ratingone slow response, lags, control is not sensitive enough.
lensix ratingone subway surfers is better for now.
lenfive ratingfour temple run was super fun.
lenfive ratingfour temple run 2 is even better.
lenten ratingfour wish there was a semi attempt for a story line.
lennineteen ratingfive monkey scared me first time i played i love it anyway great most have u will love it:-d￥
lentwo ratingthree freezes allot=(
lentwentyone ratingfour just don't like fact that when i fill up my ability i have to click on it 2 or more times
lensixteen ratingfive i did not expect to see a sequel but i am so glad they made one!
lensix ratingfive this is better than the original!
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game it is the best you guys should try it
leneighteen ratingfive the game is a little laggy when i get a powerup but otherwise it's a good game.
lenseven ratingfive omgg i love this games soo muchh
leneighteen ratingfive i played it on my cuzins phone, but now tht i have a tablet i had 2 download it!
lenfive ratingfour this is a great game.
lentwo ratingfive great app .
lenten ratingfive passes time and more fun and challenging than part one!
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is very cool any existing it is way better then the first temple run and has was better graphics!
lenfive ratingfive the most magical game ever .
lenfive ratingone it wont let me play
lenseven ratingfour when ever i tap screen, i slide.
lenseven ratingfour had to reload game, then worked fine.
leneleven ratingone when you put something on the market make sure it works.
lentwo ratingone hint, hint!
lenfive ratingfive omg so cool and fast
lensix ratingone can't even download the game
lensixteen ratingfive had to upgrade my phone in order for it to actually open and not force close.
lenfive ratingfive but its definitely worth it!
lennine ratingfive game is great and more addictive than the first.
leneleven ratingfive this game is way more fun than the first temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive it has other things on it to than the first temple run.
lensixteen ratingfive so if you haven't tried this new temple run than you better hop to it.
lenfourteen ratingfive because you are going to have lots of fun playing this new temple run.
lenten ratingfive so have a great time playing this new temple run!
lentwo ratingfive love,                    sydney!
lentwentyseven ratingthree great game but when i clicked save me at my highest score ever, it completely crashed and didn't save my score or the objectives i completed.
lentwo ratingthree droid razr
lensix ratingfive love the new version great graphics
lentwentyone ratingone said there was an error when trying to download just tried it again after a couple days and still the samething
lenfour ratingfive it is soooooooooooooo cool
lentwentyfour ratingfour the start is a bit confusing  because it's completely different to the first one but other then that it's fun to play
lenfive ratingfive awesome  fantastic a great game
lentwo ratingfive cool improvements!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lentwo ratingfour uhuuguhuuuuy uuuuuuuujuuuuuuuuuuui
lenseven ratingfive game amazing better than the last one
lenten ratingone it keeps force closing before i get to the menu
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingfour i love this game but it seems to be having a lot bugs which gets really annyoing
lentwelve ratingfive well its better than the first for sure and hard so yeah
lenfour ratingfive i lovw the graphics
lenfive ratingfive game play wise its fun.
lennineteen ratingfive i like the first one because u can work on any mission at any time instead of set missions
lentwelve ratingfive graphics are way better than the original and the obstacles are good.
lenfive ratingfive runs flawlessly on galaxy sii
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive love the graphics and the new course changes.
lentwenty ratingfive this game is the best running game yet on the google play store is also the best on my phone.
leneighteen ratingthree love this game.but it keeps taking my coins! :((( not sare why! :(( would love to give it 5 stars!
lenthree ratingfive download this shiz!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive great game to get definitely recommend it.best game ever!
leneight ratingfive great graphics and love da new big monkey
lentwelve ratingfive its fun .just looks different frum original temple run but its amazing!
lenseven ratingfive i live it lol lol lol lol
lenseven ratingfour so much better than the first game
lensixteen ratingone i believe that this game was a fake thing,cant download even i download it 20 times
lentwentyfive ratingone fun game but wont let me exit out of the settings page and when i die the game just keeps going but i cant move
leneleven ratingone will not work on my infuse.force closes after title page.
lennine ratingone the game is very slow reaction rate hate it
lensix ratingfive wow  this  game  is  so  fun
lentwentyone ratingtwo it's a good idea, and i'd like to try it out, but it is ridiculously slow on this phone.
lenfive ratingtwo it's a samsung galaxy.
lenfifteen ratingfive thank you for putting this for free google play this is the best thing ever!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool!
lenfifteen ratingone can't see the screen the menu bars take up the whole screen please fix
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game!
lenfive ratingfive please a third temple run!
lensix ratingfive love it and its sooo addicting
lentwenty ratingfour i love this game it gives u something to do.when your board i like it so much donload it
lentwo ratingfour sooo fun!
lenfive ratingfour better than the 1st temple run!  :-)
lenthree ratingfive love the gamr
lenthree ratingfive fun to play.
lenseventeen ratingfive download it now while its free and imangi still maintain the awesomeness of the only temple run!
leneleven ratingtwo would be great but it lags too much on my phone
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lensix ratingfive i want to keep it forever.
lennine ratingfive now, i am going to play tis every day!
lenten ratingfive this game has left me without words except for two.
lentwo ratingfive freakin' sweet!
lenseven ratingfive it is a great game to play
leneight ratingone its terrible and lame the  first is better
leneight ratingthree it's a great game, but its slow.
lentwenty ratingthree i've cleaned out my phone to make sure lack of space wasn't the issue and it yet lags.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and amazing landscape.
leneleven ratingfive works great on my low end phone with adrino 200 graphic card.
lenfive ratingfive its just a bit buggy
lenthree ratingfive perfect game here
lennine ratingfive i love this temple run 2 it's so kool
leneight ratingthree i'm having a lot of lag deaths.
lenfourteen ratingfive great fast paced game with graphics and movement that draws you in for more!
lenfive ratingfive good development by imangi studio.
lensixteen ratingfive the best game i ever played in the world you should get plus it is free
lenseventeen ratingfive much more interactive than the first,  love the new graphics, all around better game than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive diffrent way to have fun
lenseven ratingfour lots better graphics, more fun to play.
leneleven ratingthree no way to turn off clicking sounds and no "exit game"
lenthree ratingthree option or confirmation.
lentwentytwo ratingfour objectives are considerably worse than on 1, as you can only do the three offered, three recommended but all possible would be better!
lenfifteen ratingfour gameplay is much better though, i prefer the current resurrection mechanic over the old one.
lentwelve ratingfour coin magnet isn't nearly as good, but overall lots of fun!
lensix ratingfive very fun, i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive way better then temple run 1!
lenten ratingfive its a very good game i'll give five star
lenfourteen ratingfour its okay but its no different for temple run original not challenhing at all
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennine ratingfive loved the 3d design & the hd effect of the game.
lennine ratingfive some of the featues are better than first version.
leneight ratingthree would be awesome if i could play it.
lensix ratingthree please fix the severe lag issue.
lenfour ratingthree thanks and great game
lenfive ratingfour jocul asta se termina vreodata?
lenten ratingfive i love this game it is better than the first
leneleven ratingthree when i slide my figer, guy dangerous wont jump or turn.
lenfourteen ratingthree you have to make huge movements, and half the time, it doesn't work.
lensix ratingfive a great sequel to temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfive loving this app couldn't wait for android to get it
lennine ratingfive cool game way better than the first temple run
lenthirtytwo ratingone my phone power off its self whn i was playing this game n this is the 1st app which make my phone power off by its self :( dont downlud -5* fuckt up my phone.
lentwentyfour ratingthree i need a way to adjust the tilt sensitivity, the app requires me to put the phone on its side to register me tilting
leneleven ratingone when you turn it is delayed and sometimes doesn't  turn.
lenten ratingfive this is one of the best games i ever played.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like the new trails unlike the old one when you stay on one trail.
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphics and game
lenfive ratingfive this is a cool game
lentwo ratingfive dayz swagg
lennine ratingtwo its ok but not as great as everyone says.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo it just came out for the galaxy s3 on the 24th of january and it wasn't as good quality and it didn't work as well it was slow.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game ^-^
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwenty ratingfive this was hard at first n i thought it was gay then i got used to it n its funn
leneleven ratingthree so fun but takes 2 much of my batter wen fixed 5 stars
lennine ratingone can't even get past the imangi studios part!
lentwentyone ratingone afterwards it closes the whole app and takes me back to the previous screen i'd rate it 0 stars but cant!
lenseven ratingfour so funny i die all the time
lensix ratingone it wont let me download it! :(
lenseven ratingfive so cool with mine carts and stuff
lenfive ratingfive its beast and more harder!
lenten ratingfive i dont mostly play games but this one is great.
leneight ratingfive thid be her daughter this game is funnnnnnnn
leneleven ratingone terrible doesn't even open eventhough i've installed it twice!
lenfifteen ratingone wont load for samsung infuse 4g it just freezes and goes back to your main menu -_-
lentwelve ratingone i try to download and when it installs it says package invalid.
leneight ratingfive this so much more entertaining than temple run 1!
lenfive ratingfive it is more challenging to
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lennine ratingfive keeps you busy and time flys when you play.
leneight ratingfive one of the best games i have played.
lenseven ratingfive sooo much better than the first game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfive awesome super no way to explain it's not awesome
lenfour ratingone tried restarting multiple times.
lensix ratingone upon exiting app, phone is frozen.
leneighteen ratingfive i loved the first temple run and this second one is even more awesome, and added more stuff.
lensix ratingfive i love the game sike hahahaha
lensixteen ratingfour overall, it is a good sequel but i prefer invisibility power up to shield power up.
lenseven ratingfour i always fall at the narrow road.
lentwentyseven ratingfour the double tap for power up and the ones that i collect along the way do not stack so i hope this problem can be fixed soon.
lenseven ratingfour tons of new graphics and new scene.
lennine ratingfive love this game best game ever i played everyday :)
lentwentyfour ratingthree it is fun and i love it but most times when jumping i fall through or when turning i go flying to the side.
lenten ratingfive this game is way better then the first of one
lensixteen ratingfive it is so detailed and better than any thing else i would  make it a a++++++++++++++++++
lentwentysix ratingone i play it one time when i try to play it again it doent work  i even reinstalled it fix it and it will be 5 stars
lensixteen ratingfive no kind lag at some point move fast but they fix that in the time coming :)
lentwentysix ratingone ive played this on iphones and it works soo good, on this android phone the score bonus column takes most of the space on the screen.
lenfour ratingone write error your storeg
lenfive ratingfive awesome isn't game ever
lenfifteen ratingfour awesome entertainment to play, good graphics n better than the old version of temple run.
lenseven ratingfour few bugs can be experienced while tilting.
lenseven ratingfive great game better then the first one.
lentwentyfive ratingthree definitely a great game, however, it takes forever to download on my phone and it exits on its own in the middle of my game.
lentwo ratingthree htc evo  4g
lentwentytwo ratingfive perfect better than the first one they did a good job it's also a lil bit challenging now wish is good.
lenforty ratingfive i love both temple runs they are exciting and fun to play and super addictive for every body who installs it you will never stop playing this game but if they come out with another temple nus make it  customizable.
lensix ratingfive most addicting game you'll find.
lensix ratingfive spend the money on doubling coins.
lentwentysix ratingone i download it on my phone samsung sidekick4g and i started the game and it just exited the game and it still doesn't work.please fix!
lensix ratingone closes after displaying company splash screen.
lenseven ratingone will change review if they fix it.
leneight ratingfour the game is fun but kind of hard
lenthree ratingfour great fun, addicted
lenfive ratingfive nice free fun five stars!
lentwo ratingfive soooooo addicted
lenthirtysix ratingfive definately one of the best games on android, maybe though add a bit more sensitivity or a switch because i'm constantly doing a 120 degrees turn on my phone to avoid falling off but otherwise awesome
lennine ratingfive when i thought it couldn't get any better .
lenfive ratingfour game occasionally experiences frame skips.
lensix ratingfour overall it is a fun game.
lenthirteen ratingfour very good but it's now freezing & all the data has been erased?
lentwo ratingfour un installed
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than the original temple run.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is way more fun!
lentwenty ratingthree i would give five stars but this games crashes way too often when you try to use a "save me."
lensixteen ratingthree i was at 5 million points and at 22000 meters when the game crashed and counted for nothing
lenfive ratingfour this game is so addicting.
lenfour ratingfour so fun to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than any other app that is copy it
lenfifteen ratingfive great get it, the best game ever and every 1 milion you get you get 1milion points
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfour addicting but buggy
lentwelve ratingfive download it it is the best game in the history of games
lennine ratingfive very little lag and better graphics than the first.
lentwo ratingfive worth trying!
lentwelve ratingfive i cant get enough find my self always running my battery out.
lensix ratingfive the changes they made are great.
leneleven ratingfive best tapi susah jugak nak main game ni.asyik terbabas je
lenfive ratingfive its great, and better than tr1
lensix ratingtwo cant get it on my phone :(
lenthree ratingfive that amazing game.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and a lot of entertainment!
lensix ratingfive i love this its so awsome
lensixteen ratingfour theres a glitch in where theres two missions for run 1000000 lifetime meters on level 8:/ please fix
leneight ratingfive fun to play and has got good graphics
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtyfour ratingfour once you're on the zip line with the speed boost you're gonna go at that same speed and i failed a lot by doing that so please fix this please thank you.
lentwelve ratingone sucks with android devices. -_- its soo freaken slow and laggs on my gs3!
lentwentyfive ratingone every time i play it my phone goes slower and freeze and it turns off i would give it 0 stars but sad i can't
lentwelve ratingfive it is way better than the first one and great new features
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is really awesome i love it it's perfect for the samung galaxy s3:-) i love this game a lot
lenthree ratingfive big time fun.
leneight ratingfive you should install it who dose is awsome  (:
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first one and this one is just as awesome!
leneleven ratingfive works great on my motorola xoom tablet and my samsung axiom
lenfive ratingfive i honesty love this game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive this is the best game out there.the creator's of this game are very awesome.the only thing that should be changed are the coins the coins should be like the one on the original.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run!
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it.
leneighteen ratingfive this game takes what is best from the old one and brings it to a whole new level.
lenseventeen ratingfive it's still the same addictive game play but with beautiful graphics set in a breathtaking world.
lenten ratingfive the upgrade system is great and gives you satisfying rewards.
lentwentyone ratingfive i don't know if there is a limit on the amount of times you can revive but there should be.
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is best played as a social experience (competing with friends) and i hope in future updates they support that.
lenfive ratingfive this is a huge upgrade.
lenfour ratingfive it's more fun.
lenfive ratingfive a little bit dizzying though.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the hills, the turns, the various obstacles you have to negotiate.
leneleven ratingfive i mean, this game is so much better than the original!
lensix ratingfour excellent game but glitches and pauses.
lensixteen ratingfour it doesn't happen all the time but sucks when it does except that excellent game
lennine ratingfive i see running jumping and sliding in my dreams
lenfive ratingfive this game is fun & free
lenseventeen ratingfive if you thought the first temple run was great, wait till you put you hands on this.
lenfive ratingfive great response for my android.
lenfifteen ratingfive unlike the first temple run that seemed to glitch, this sequel runs without a hitch.
lenthirteen ratingfive so fun love this game but have to pay attenion  in the game
leneleven ratingfour i don't like temple run 2 as much as temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingone could not play would not open on my tablet
lenfour ratingfive ifreakn love dhis qame ?
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is awesome i used to play temple runner fist even second is soo exciting n enjoyable game.love temple runner ts is awe
leneight ratingfour did a good job but could do better
lenfourteen ratingthree this game temple run 2 looks a whole lot better than the reguar temple run
lenfour ratingone closes after title screen.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the way it kinda curves adds a more natural feel to the game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lentwentyfive ratingfive for those downloader who doesnt like it might be its w/ ur phne that its not working because in my phone it works realy great!
lenfour ratingfive guyz download this app
lentwelve ratingone this game can get me real peast and can suck elf balls
lenfour ratingfive l love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive sleeker tragic work
lenten ratingfive this is an amazing game i'll give it a 5
leneighteen ratingone everytime  i open it,  it doesnt go past the 'imangi studios' part, of which it it then closes.
lennine ratingone it may be because of my phone (dell streak)
lenseven ratingfive this game is a lot of fun!
leneighteen ratingthree there's a little lag here and there, needs a little tune up but great work nice graphics
lennine ratingfive i love this game keep up the good work
leneleven ratingfive i cant download this and i        really want to play it.
lenfive ratingfive i love this game lol
lenfive ratingthree it's cool but hard
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing it
lenseven ratingthree so people say the graphics are hd?
lenthirty ratingthree ah if you want to see hd buy or build a good computer and get a game like battle field 3 and turn the graphics up and that's real hd.
lentwelve ratingthree the game is a little laggy and don't even look good.
lenfive ratingthree i like temple run 1 better.
lenfour ratingthree using a nexus 7 tablet
leneight ratingfour love the new additions just a little glitchy
lenthree ratingfive thanka good game
lenthirteen ratingfour i can't get coins if i don't latterly make it tilt
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentytwo ratingfive this is a good game but it has too many bugs and glitches in it it also lags every now and again
leneleven ratingone i glitch through the floor like its going out of style.
lensixteen ratingfour only bad thing is it kills my battery faster than a fire burns down a tree!
lennine ratingone it always force closes on me  not worth it
lenseven ratingfour this ruins the point of temple run.
lenten ratingfour its not mine cart run.it is pretty fun though.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are amazing!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingfive this game is freakin amazing i wouldnt change anything on this game
lenthree ratingfive its crazy awesome
lenseven ratingfive fun and much improved than the first
lensix ratingfive very nice update on the first.
lentwo ratingfive more challenging
lenseven ratingfive love it so fun.get it noww!:)
lensixteen ratingfive i don't know if its easy than the other one or not but love it
lentwentyfour ratingfour it doesnt pause automatically when receiving a phone call or a pop up massage about sms/low battery which results in a definite death.
lentwenty ratingfour another improvement needed is to restart a power up if one is taken while the same one is already active.
leneight ratingfour other then that it should be rated 5 stars.
lennine ratingfour to bad it won't download on my phone:)
lenseven ratingone i havent even got to play it.
lenseven ratingone (it wont let me leave 0 stars, soo)
lentwo ratingfive amazing awesome
leneighteen ratingthree game is real fun, besides the fact that my phone screen will turn black and pause the game.
leneleven ratingthree this is better than the first temple run in every way.
lenthirtyone ratingthree better graphics, more rewards with reasonable price tags (not the insane "you must spend real money if you want this" price tags of subway surfers), and an overall better upgrade path.
lennine ratingthree unfortunately it does have a number of serious bugs:  1.
leneighteen ratingthree i paid 99 cents for some coins and the transaction went through, but i didn't receive my coins.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree i don't care about the dollar, it was more a tip for making this cool game free than anything else,. however this bug did deter me from ever spending another dime on this game.
lennine ratingthree about 40 percent of the time, using a "save me"
lenfive ratingthree gem will crash the game.
lentwenty ratingthree you'll lose all the coins you accumulated during that run, plus the gem you used to crash the game.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree dumping gems into a power-up is supposed to make it better i guess, but every time i'd exit the upgrade screen the meter showing how many gems i added reset.
lenseven ratingthree so upgrading those is kind of pointless.
lensixteen ratingthree if you liked the first one, give this a shot, it's a ton of fun.
lentwentythree ratingthree but if you can hold off a few weeks/months, until some of these bugs are squashed, you'll have a better experience.
leneleven ratingfive amazing but it has some minor glitches that dont matter much
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lennine ratingfive totally recommended, really fun and in all just amazing.
lenfour ratingfive best.temple run.ever!
lennineteen ratingthree great game lots of fun only gave it 3 stars because u lose ur coins and have to start over
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is as addictive as previous version.
lenfive ratingfive keep it up dev team
lenten ratingfour its a fun game but it laggs to much :p
lenten ratingthree my android phone downloads app ,but it will not open. :/
lenfour ratingfive very fun and exciting.
leneight ratingfive a little sensitive around the narrow ledges, though.
lentwelve ratingthree evry time i wana play it doesnt open won let me play
lenthirteen ratingthree the glitches in the game cause alot if deaths they should fix them
lenfour ratingfive the coolest game ever!
lenfive ratingfive its fluid, addictive and awesome!
lenthree ratingfour love the game.
lennineteen ratingfour much more varied than tr1 and better gfx but after a few runs all my coins keep getting wiped out!
lentwo ratingfour otherwise 5 stars
leneight ratingfour same great fun but still a few bugs
lensix ratingfive awesome game.every 1 should download it.
lenfive ratingthree the game itself is great.
lensixteen ratingthree but it keeps closing when a game ends and doesn't go to the results screen.
lenseven ratingfive a gr8 game for when u r bored!
lentwelve ratingfive i love it and love the fact u can get different characters!
lenseven ratingfive keep up the good work imagini studios
leneighteen ratingfour i have samsung s advance  but sometimes this game hangs and than starts working than again slows down.
leneleven ratingfour please fix this and i'll give it the 5th star too.
lenthirteen ratingfour apart from that this game is fun way better than temple run brave
lentwo ratingfour lovely game!
lennine ratingone stupid game cant play make it for xperia p
lentwelve ratingthree my game crashes every time i try to use a revive now.
lennine ratingthree please fix so i can actually play your fame.
lenfive ratingthree very fun and cool as
lentwelve ratingfive a lot of new elements have been added to the game play.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are much better.
lenthree ratingfive an awesome sequel!
lennine ratingfive gamenya keren, grafik lebih bagus, banyak jebakan, lebih susah.
lenfifteen ratingone i have an infuse samsung and it wont let me download it keeps sayin error
lenthirtyeight ratingfour not really lived up to expectations really, love the added features but i think honestly the game has been turned from something simple to something complicated (graphics wise) but other than that ok to pas time or boredom. ;)
lenseven ratingtwo laggy freezes a lot and sometimes unresponsive
lenfive ratingfive it will be 5 star game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics is awesome.
lenthirtyone ratingfive also it is running smoothly on my mobile.the most important and new was you can change your graphics quality.but i think it should be better to separate the worlds.
lenthirteen ratingone i have uninstalled and reinstalled this ane several times in my samsung infuse.
lenthree ratingfive woah awesome game!
lenfive ratingone controls suck not responsive enough
lenseven ratingfive great sequel to the original  temple run
lenfour ratingfive excellent game download it
leneight ratingone update does not allow my game to open.
lentwentythree ratingthree i am a big fan of temple run and certainly as you play through the game it starts hanging a bit too much.
lenthirteen ratingthree because of which i am not even able to reach a score of 200,000.
leneight ratingthree get an update fast please and get 5 stars.
lensixteen ratingfive it is so fun and its different from the first u should play it its fun :)
lenfour ratingfive its fun and challenging.
lentwo ratingfive love itttttt:)
lenfive ratingone it freezes up soooooo bad.
leneleven ratingfour one of the most gorgeous games i've played on android.
lenten ratingfour no major improvements over temple run 1 other than the graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour what they made worse is the amount of promotion they put towards in game purchases.
lenten ratingfour i'm also not convinced these menus are an improvement!
lennine ratingfour worst part is color scheme, bad mix of colors.
lentwentyone ratingfour i am already addicted to play temple run and the new version temple run 2 is also awesome like the earlier version.
lenfive ratingfour nice job by the developers.
lennine ratingfour previous version don't have the option "save me"
lenfourteen ratingfour lifes for which you need to collect the diamonds, i already scored 3.50,000 score.hehe :-)
lenthree ratingfive this game poppin
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i try use save me the game crashed and lose the gem
lenthree ratingfive awesome game ever
lenfourteen ratingfour more fun than the first but power ups can cost a little bit much.
lenfifteen ratingthree the graphics are better than.the first one,but the gameplay itself is no different.
lenthirteen ratingthree it has lost the innovative elements we saw in the first temple run
lenthree ratingfive nice and excellent
lenten ratingfive i like to play this game is a good game
lenthree ratingfive love this game (:
leneleven ratingtwo been playing the game for a few days, i love it.
lenten ratingtwo then i decided to buy some coins and gems yesterday.
leneleven ratingtwo received confirmation email from google telling me it had been approved.
lentwentyone ratingtwo then i received an sms from my bank telling me that the amount has been deducted c but, where are my coins?
lensixteen ratingtwo it's been 24 hours, i've been waiting and nothing's popped up on my device.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i also use the game on an ipad, and tried testing the store by buying a 5000 coins for $0.99 and received them within 30 seconds!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive ausum game.!
lenfive ratingfive excellent time killer machine yes.
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics are best.good game.havent crashed yet since uploading.hopefully not ever
lensixteen ratingfour but.need to fix sensitivity settings.would be a five star game if that was done!
leneleven ratingfour my swiped are really delayed causing me to lose a lot.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is more expreme when i am tilting my phone to collect coins.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfour ratingfour needs polished a bit.
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy the game.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is cuz every time i reach 3,000 coins it resets and gets rid of my coins.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfive ratingfive me & my son love it!
lensix ratingfive different characters make it more interesting!
leneight ratingfive wayyyyyyy better then fun run and very addictive
lenfour ratingone force close when revive!
lenthree ratingone my top score.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lenthree ratingfive crazy nd awesome
leneleven ratingfive its better then temple run.my favorite game is temple run 2
leneight ratingone makes my phone unable to detect sim card.
lensix ratingfour people @ imangi done a good job
lenfour ratingthree coins are not added!
lentwo ratingfive elizabeth enzian
lentwo ratingfive awesome awesome
lennine ratingtwo in my view the first temple run is better. :(
lenfive ratingfive the game is really beautiful.
lensix ratingfive the game play is also addictive.
lenseven ratingfive the new camera movement is real good.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingone keeps force closing.
lentwenty ratingfive the best part is to change the quality of graphic performance and collection of diamonds to continue the current game.
leneighteen ratingfour temple run, and now temple run 2, are some of the most addicting, entertaining games i've ever played.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i took off a star because on the android version the game sometimes glitches and shows black boxes where the graphics are supposed to be.
lensix ratingfour better fix this with an update.
lenseven ratingfive i'm so exited to play it! :3
lenseventeen ratingthree its not as exciting as i thought it would be , but overall i'd give it a 8/10 ;)
lentwentyfour ratingtwo great game i've played it before on a galaxy s epic however it loads up to the imangi studios page and then crashes!
lennineteen ratingthree controls aren't as good it is hard to move from side by side, fix it and ill rereview.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game will take up as much of your time as you let it.
lenthirteen ratingfive do not try this game of you don't want to get addicted.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenten ratingfive overall worthy to be the sequel of the original game.
lenthirteen ratingfive the only flaw that i have found is the absence of exit feature.
lenseventeen ratingfive please fix that problem as soon as possible and i will add another star in my rating.
lenthree ratingfive still, great game.
lensix ratingfive bang bang follow me on instagram youngroyalty21
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lentwentyseven ratingfour graphic best motion best no feeling for hang perfect match with my xperia p but it can add preview for status mission and coins will got perfect
lenthree ratingone keep force closing.
lentwentyfive ratingfour the objective 1000000 lifetime meter n the 500000 lifetime coins appear twice n dont even progress ,pls fix tis n i will change my rate to 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive it gets better this time.
leneleven ratingfive more clarity on objectives and the save me option is wonderful.
lenthree ratingfive thanks guys @ imangi
lensixteen ratingfour to be able to sign into facebook so u can compete against other people's score.
leneleven ratingfour also needs to be able to skip missions by using coins
lennineteen ratingfive what better way to follow up a great game like the first temple run with an even better sequel.
lenseven ratingfive so many more features on temple run 2.
lentwentyone ratingfive the power up are cool, and how you can rank up, and that really gives you a sense of accomplishment haha.
lennineteen ratingfive i hope to see more characters and maps, that's what would take this game to the next level.
lenfourteen ratingfive all and all a great game to have endless amounts of running fun on.
lenfour ratingfive already passed the 10million mark.
lenten ratingone it looks good but keeps crashing on my htc explorer.
lenseven ratingone im just wondering why it always crashes.
lenfive ratingone my.phone is galaxy si.
lenseven ratingone and everytime i.try to.play it .
lennine ratingone resulting for.me.not.being able to.play.it.
lentwo ratingfive gud graphics
leneleven ratingfive beyond what i thought it was gonna end up being like
lenthirteen ratingfive if you start to play this game, you wont know how to stop.
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing ;)
lenfive ratingfive the graphics and performence improved
lentwo ratingfour nice gme
lenseven ratingfive great graphics compared to the previous one.
lenfour ratingfive better that subway surf
lennineteen ratingfive this game is definitely worth downloading even if one needs to create some space in order to do so!
lentwentytwo ratingthree fantastic graphics,excellent gameplay,and better than the first edition!but,responsiveness can be improved slightly.overall a successful and enjoyable app!
lentwelve ratingfive my husband and i are always competing against each others high scores.
lenthree ratingfive 10 stars good animations .
lensixteen ratingthree after playing for some time when i try to use save me gem the game crashes.
leneleven ratingfive it's not getting downloaded plzz get fixed wid d prob!
lentwo ratingfive super addictive!
lenseven ratingfive this game is wonderful  i like it
lennineteen ratingfive it's so much better than the first one and it's so fun and addicting i love it!
lensix ratingfive this game is off the hook.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game it's a lot of fun and very addictive.
lentwentythree ratingfive went under a tree only had a little time to go on a litte piece make.it.more time but luv the game
lenfour ratingfive great work, perfect graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive the only problem i have is that there is no way to mute the footsteps.
lenfifteen ratingfive great game i really didn't play the first one but i love this one
lenthirteen ratingthree fun game just takes a while to launch and it lags during gamplay.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is definitely better then temple run 1.
lenten ratingfive it much more challenging and the graphic are really great.
lenten ratingfive keep uo your good work and have temple run 3 soon^^
lenthirtynine ratingthree i like the game but once i try to go back to the menu after losing , i can't, and i have to wait 5 mins to play again or clear my data :/ please fix cause i love this game
leneight ratingfour i like it because, it's so fun .
leneight ratingfour but , it's hard to finding the gems .
lenthree ratingfive hope there more
lenfortyone ratingfive there's a problem in the game, when u take speed boaster and get on the rope, even when the speed boaster turns off, the player keeps boasting speed when it gets off the rope and quickly fell off the cliff
leneight ratingfive games like this are found ina million years
lenthirteen ratingfive love the game, great improvement to the previous one, nice graphics and concepts
leneight ratingfive why can't my phone get this game!?
lenfourteen ratingfive it' amazing game and i think that this version is better than old version
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
leneleven ratingfive this here, my friends is what i can call pure awesomeness.
lenten ratingfour this is a big update of the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfour bit sometimes it freezes and u have to press home button to exit.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is awesome .amazing graphics improved tracks and the concept has also evolved
lensix ratingfive cool game by imangi ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game. !
lenthree ratingfour play for hours
leneight ratingone it was installed successfully but crashes while opening
leneight ratingfive this games runs buttery smooth on my galaxy s3.
lenseven ratingfive better than the first game for sure.
lennine ratingtwo first of all, i loved the first temple run.
lenten ratingtwo i was so excited to see that tr 2 was out.
lentwelve ratingtwo the first thing that i noticed was that the graphics were better.
lenfourteen ratingtwo after playing a few times i became fustrated with the motion being so awkward.
leneighteen ratingtwo the other annoying thing is that the track and background become camoflauge and it screws with my eyes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo the caves can go too, if i make it through its half luck.
lensixteen ratingtwo i liked the smooth/simple gameplay of the first one that i could move through swiftly.
lensix ratingtwo not big on this funky sequel.
lenseven ratingfive best game ever, i recommend you download!
lenthree ratingfive graphics is amazing
lentwentyseven ratingfive the best game ive played by far once you start playing you'll struggle to stop its amazingly addictive and far better than the first temple run! :)
lenten ratingfour needs some adjustments on power ups but overall great sequel
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it!
lenseven ratingfive amazing quality on my samsung galaxy s 3 !
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingfive all the turns and obstacles make it more fun.
lenfour ratingfive definitely download this app.
leneight ratingfive it's fun as hell lol nd addictive
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much.
lenfifteen ratingfive in this new version grqphics has improved and specially the cart mode is very challenging.
lentwelve ratingfive some bugs needs to be fixed as it sometimes stop during resurrection.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the game lags too much and difficulty level makes u get bored of it.uninstalled.
lenthree ratingfour love this app.
lennine ratingfive this sequel makes many great improvements to the game.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are beautiful, and the game-play is much more complex.
lentwentyseven ratingfive instead of simple left and right turns, the game takes you on a chaotic roller-coaster ride that is constantly challenging you to make the right move.
lenthree ratingfour nice new graphics.
lenseven ratingfour better control response than the first one.
lenthree ratingfour fun and addicting.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive ama zzz ing
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive i had fun playing this game.
leneight ratingfive however, my problem would be on battery consumption.
leneight ratingfive it consumes more energy than mobile internet connection. :'(
lenten ratingfive its fun its better then temple run the first one
lentwo ratingfive nice games
lenthree ratingfive passes the time.
lenfive ratingfive please add qvga resolution support
lensix ratingfive good love it to play alots
lentwelve ratingfour graphics and other extended options makes you stay i n the game.
lentwo ratingfive awosome awosome.
lentwentyseven ratingthree the game glitches a lot, there's no sensitivity adjuster, i would prefer to just using my fingers than moving my phone to go side to side.
lensixteen ratingthree sometimes when you use a head start, you run off a cliff and continuously run forever.
lenfive ratingfour better quality &' speed works great(:
lennine ratingone i can't turn right or left t_tf
lenfive ratingfive good graphics good game play .
lenseven ratingfive but the tilt control is bit sloppy
lennineteen ratingfour it good but they need to fix the lag on it and the sensentivity needs to be lil higher
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive oke nih lumayan menghibur.
lensix ratingfive jalan lancar di samsung google nexus :3
lenseven ratingone i rllly looking forward to playing it
lenfive ratingfive i love this tight game
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game so much and its so much better than the 1st one. . .
leneleven ratingfive thid one has more detail and graphics and its just fun
lenfour ratingfive its a coool game!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one
lensixteen ratingfive temple run to is soo smooth and exiting with graphics good work imangni studios carry on .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensixty ratingfour its a fun game but u can't tell if the treasure is on the ground cause its to yellow the ground is yellow the treasure is yellow i find myself running pass them not knowing they was there and the side swipe is not that good i run more into the water than i did in the first game.
leneleven ratingfive this is a very exciting game to play, i love it.
lentwelve ratingthree i cant even play the game and i have a droid motorola.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game more than a fat kid loves cake.
lenten ratingfive i was amazed the first time i played this game.
lentwelve ratingfive after a few plays it started to run slow and it crashed.
leneight ratingfive please fix it, other wise best game ever!
lentwenty ratingthree cool game,but i dont like how every time i hit something all my coins disapear.very annoying plz fix!
lentwelve ratingfour its tons of fun, but can you add an "are you sure"
lensix ratingfour button for purchasing things with coins?
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes i accidentally tap the coin number and i lose like 5k or 10k
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthirteen ratingfive just wish i could easily share my highscore to my facebook friends too
lennine ratingfive awsome love it hope it be a temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool .
lenfive ratingfive you better download this game ,
lenthree ratingfive really nice game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwenty ratingfive the graphics are way better than the first game, overall this is a big step up from the last one.
lensixteen ratingfive it is a bit laggy and could be smoother and the turn sensitivity could be better.
leneight ratingfive other than that it's a excellent game.
leneight ratingfive got it last week and it was 10000 downloads.
lenfive ratingfive this week it's  5000000 downloads.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful graphics.
leneighteen ratingthree it has great graphics looks more real but i wish i could download it on my main phone .
lensixteen ratingthree u cant download if u have an android it downloaded but didn't let me play.
lenfifteen ratingthree other than that great game on galaxy s or any other device other than android
lentwo ratingfive tempol run 2
lenfour ratingfive i luv this  game.
lensix ratingfive great game, very addicting, better graphics
lenthree ratingfour my fave game
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lenthree ratingfive temple nun 2 rockz
lentwo ratingfive super addicting
lenfive ratingfive dis game is really amazing
lentwentyfour ratingfour it's a great improvement from the first one which was awesome but i feel like best grylls survival run might still be better
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoyed playing it!
leneight ratingone it wont load at all on my droid
lentwelve ratingfour i'm using a galaxy s3 and at first i was really bummed.
lennineteen ratingfour i thought it didn't work well for my phone, it was super laggy and not great with responsiveness.
leneight ratingfour then i realized i had my "battery saver"
lennine ratingfour when i turned it off it ran so smooth!
lenseven ratingfour just a heads up for any gs3 users!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfive fabulous. .z waiting for something like this.wrks well.hope its also that addictive as previous 1
lentwenty ratingfive it lags like for a second a game and they need to fix the bugs.but everything else is amazing!
lentwenty ratingfour great game  i wish u could use coins to by past some of you're challenges that would b perfect
lenthree ratingfive love love it
lenseven ratingfive easier to collects coins in this version.
lensixteen ratingone it wont even load on my samsung infuse wont play den it force close bullshit ficks
lenseven ratingone m using sony xperia arc s isc.
leneight ratingone cant install it saying 'pakage invalid' fix it
lenfive ratingfive this game is truly amazing
lenfour ratingfour flip image on android 2.3.7
lenseven ratingfive i played it nicer than previous one
lenseven ratingfive greatest temple run they've ever made.
lenfour ratingfive very addicting awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive definately recommended.
lenseven ratingthree many times when i tap "save me"
lentwelve ratingthree the app shuts down and i am redirected to my home screen
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and nice game
lenfive ratingfive this game is soo fun
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfour amazing, but please add the option to adjust sensitivity.
lennine ratingfour this game is even more fun than the original.
lentwentynine ratingfour only thing i see wrong with it is often when i hit save me, it crashes and takes the gems i spent and coins i earned on the run.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and gameplay.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingthree completely different from temple run one .
lenthree ratingthree enjoying a lot
lenfour ratingfive really superb game addicted
lenseven ratingfive nice game good to play good graphic
lenseven ratingfive way funner than the first one lol
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i love the new version of temple run, the place is more thrilling and i feel like indiana jones something but sometimes i got an error in my galaxy wonder but the rest is good.
lenthirtyone ratingfour its really fun and i love playing it but the turns need to be improved and more charters would be nice and just other little things but overall very nice app
leneight ratingfive great game, great graphics, great giant monkey thing.
lensix ratingfive j'aime beaucoup ce jeux video.
lenseven ratingfive il est plus bon que le premier.
lenfour ratingfive vous allez l'aimer!
lenseven ratingfive amazing awesome graphics fun and very addicting
lenseventeen ratingfive it's rare that a sequel be better that the game it's replacing but this definitely :-)
lensix ratingfive better than the 1st one, nice graphics:-)
lenseven ratingone it wont even let me play it.
leneighteen ratingone i download it and when i try to open the game it gets stuck on the "imangi studios"
lennine ratingone screen and it just shuts down by its self.
lensix ratingfive wow better then the first one!
lennine ratingone it downloaded but then it wouldn't even open.
lentwelve ratingone didn't want to uninstall but now i guess i have to.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lentwo ratingfive super game
lentwelve ratingone i go to the first loading screen then i'm stuck there.
lennine ratingone i'll stick to the first one for now.
lenfour ratingone please fix -_- lg thrill
lentwentyfive ratingthree it's definitely and improvement on the first one, but there's also a lot of glitches, including one that erased all of my statistics.
lenfive ratingthree other than that, great game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics for galaxy s 3
lentwentythree ratingfour hello, i enjoyed temple run part 1 but part 2 is not installed in my sony experia miro so plz do something i beg you
lenfive ratingfour good going waiting for  temple 3
leneleven ratingone everytime i open the application it dosnt go past load screen.
lenfourteen ratingfour glitches out occasionally so that's rather annoying but other than that so awesome
lenseven ratingfour lots of fun but huge bug happened.
lenseven ratingfour i want to become a level nine.
lentwentythree ratingfour i need to complete 2 more objectives to be there but 2 of my objective slots are glitched and uncompleteable they're both lifetime ones.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour what happened is the same objective appeared in a different slot did it but the other one remained forever and happened again the only one that isn't glitched is get 1,000,000 coins please fix this
lenseven ratingone doesn't even start 1 star till fix
lensix ratingfive love the new updates, must dowload
lenthirtytwo ratingone i bought the 99cent coint pack so i could get my new upgrade and it didnt go through so i tryed again and it sayed the same thing "your item will aper shortly"
lenseven ratingone so i spent 2 bucks on nothing wow
lenfive ratingfive i like to play it! :)
lenfive ratingfive fun game a bit lagged
lennine ratingfive really enjoy the game a lot of new features
lentwentytwo ratingfour graphics- the graphics are great compared to the original temple run and other games so i would give the graphics 5 out of 5.
lenfourteen ratingfour new features- the new features are very cool but some of them have glitches.
lenthirty ratingfour for example, if you end a speed boost while on a zipline, when the zipline ends you will run at the same speed as a speed boost without the invincibility.
lentwelve ratingfour this also happens when you pick up a speed boost during one.
leneighteen ratingfour i would give the new features 4 out of 5, you shouldn't expect a new game to be perfect.
lensixteen ratingfour gameplay- the gameplay is similar to the original temple run but it runs faster and smoother.
lentwentytwo ratingfour there is a new coin system though, to fill up the power meter you need to collect 200 coins instead of the original 100.
lentwentyfive ratingfour also there more coins are on the playing field, shop items cost more, and there are less characters but hopefully a update will add more.
lenseventeen ratingfour the menu can be a little confusing but shouldn't be to hard to get used to.
lentwenty ratingfour i give the gameplay 3 out of 5 because of its lack of new material in the shop and new coin system.
lentwelve ratingfour overall- overall this game is a great game for some quick fun.
lenfourteen ratingfour i give this game a 4 out of 5, mainly for its great graphis and concept.
lentwelve ratingfive even on my note 2 the 1st temple run had its moments of choppyness.
leneight ratingfive whereas this version is fluid and effortlessly smooth.
leneight ratingfive responsiveness is also an improved joy on here.
lenfourteen ratingfive game is an all around improvement they i enjoy even more as a result.
lenfour ratingone i cant even play.
lenfour ratingone the app wont open
lenfive ratingfour gud improvment from last game
lenfifteen ratingfive great graphics, interactive n refreshing to play on my note 2.keep up the good work!
lennine ratingfive graphics are excellent although turn sensitivity can be improved.
lenseven ratingfive game is gud.good work imangi studios
lenthirteen ratingfour 1st part was nic let see how da 2nd part is so for now keep 4stars
lenfour ratingfour some fixes are expected: 1.
lensix ratingfour the sensors shall be more accurate.
lennineteen ratingfour there shall be more room on the broken bridge, as little bit of movement makes the runner to fall.
lenfifteen ratingfour while hanging on rope the tilt is opposite which contradicts the other movement and confusing.
lenfive ratingfive simple controls and nice graphics
lenfour ratingthree it didnt work properly .
lenthirteen ratingthree when i move the phone left or right nothing happens with the game
lenten ratingfour its very nice game with special effects in new style.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfive the game play and the graphics was awsome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingone paid $4.99 for the double coin thing.
lenseven ratingone now where's my doubled coin amount.?
lenten ratingone tried stopping the app and it still wouldn't close.
lenfour ratingone had to reboot phone.
lensix ratingone doesn't always respond to touches.
lentwo ratingone terribly disappointed.
lenthree ratingfive a excellent game.
leneleven ratingfive i have no word for review  you play and then think
lenfifteen ratingthree i was excited for a new temple run, but this is actually kind of disappointing.
lensixteen ratingthree the graphics are pretty and the new features are cool, but it's glitchy and confusing.
lenfour ratingthree the controls are weird.
leneight ratingthree maybe some bug fixes will change my mind.
lennine ratingone give it one star since it dont do nun
lenfive ratingfive omg this is so addicting
lenfour ratingfive sooo vivid and addicting
lennine ratingfour even though i can't get past the 1st level.
lenfour ratingfive this a great game
lenfour ratingfive awesome amazing and cool
lenten ratingfive i like this application bu  t better to fix levels
lenfour ratingfive wowww, this is superb!
lentwentysix ratingone it won't let me play on my phone i can download the app fine but when i open it , it just closes out by itself!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i am totally addicted.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingthree update: thanks for fixing the back button problem!
lentwentyeight ratingthree i enjoy this game but i realised that even though i turned down the music and sound volume totally within the game, there are still sounds in-game.
lenfourteen ratingthree they are the sounds from the buttons as well as the character's footsteps.
lentwentyfour ratingthree turning off music and sound in temple run 1 meant no sound at all, so i hope it would be the same for temple run 2!
lenseven ratingthree giving you 3 stars for the fix :d
lenfour ratingthree controls need improvement   r
lennine ratingfive this game is really cool once u play it
leneight ratingfour game is fun but could use more cowbell
lenseventeen ratingthree the sensitivity could he better and add more people to unlock and diffrent worlds to run in
lenseventeen ratingfour it is more exciting,  but it still has glitches that messes me up and it is frustrating.
lensix ratingfive i luv this game so funn!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive only thing missing is montana smith.
lenfifteen ratingfive very fluid game play and the visuals are much improved from the original temple run.
lenthirtythree ratingfive would only like to see a way to completely turn off sounds though, i removed music and sound effects but i can still here the footsteps of my character as i'm running.
lennine ratingfive other than that, great release and props to imangi
leneight ratingfive way to continue to grow & create good games!
lensixteen ratingfive awsome great graphics jus as good as the first one but just uh tad bit better!:)
lentwentyfour ratingfive the new maps and gamplay is amazing,  far improved than the first one,  hell,  i enjoyed the first one,  this second one blewy mind
lenfour ratingfive really enjoyed this version.
lenseven ratingfive cant think of playing any other game.
lenfive ratingtwo buggy and freeze a lot.
lentwo ratingfive radical dude
lenseven ratingfive great games, i couldn't stop playing.
lenfive ratingone controls buggy it sucks  galaxy s3
lenfourteen ratingfive fantastic on my galaxy note amazimg graphics.super  smooth as a sheet of ice.
lentwentynine ratingfour the only reasons im not rating 5 is because it takes to long to load and a lot of the time the character wont go in the direction i swipe.
lenseven ratingfour other than that its a great game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lensixteen ratingone like all the rest i can't play it either.tired of these types of apps.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played.
lensix ratingfive much better then befor and cooler
lenten ratingthree really great game but sometimes glitches on my android galaxy s3
lenfive ratingfive fantastic game in temple run.
lenseven ratingfive 2 very sensible i think this game interesting.
lenfifteen ratingone the game only stays in the beggining screen and forces close in my galaxy indulge.
lentwenty ratingone i really want to play this game, plase fix it as i am not the only one having this problem.
leneighteen ratingfive thr game id really good i had no problrms with it ever it really is a awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lensix ratingone cant download, please help :( . . .galaxy tab p1000
leneight ratingfive this game beats number 1 very fun waste time
lenfourteen ratingfive actually have a reason to keep proceeding as there's something to proceed to.
lenten ratingfive temple run was good but this is so much better!
lentwelve ratingfive some people dont like it but i gotta say u guys dumb!
leneight ratingfive u dont know watcha missing out on guys!
lenseven ratingone it doesn't load for lg thrill.
lentwentyfive ratingone i have a galaxy s music which has a small screen but the game works but the icons occupies more than 3/4of the screen pls fix
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive the menu is the only incongruous part graphically.
lenthree ratingfive most funniest game !
leneleven ratingfive has so much more features and newer map with awesome entertainment !
leneight ratingfive its a little better but not that much
lenseven ratingfour this game is really fun and addicting.
lenthree ratingfive very awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneight ratingfive its even more addicting than the first one!
lensix ratingfive very fun, i highly recommend it
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfour however there should be more characters, like the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is great, but occasionally it returns me to my home screen.
lensix ratingfour please fix and ill give 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfour almost similar to the older version
lenseventeen ratingfour an awesome game but when i try to do a tilt command my character sometimes stays still.
leneight ratingfour other than that, this game is just excellent.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i will get a lot of points then there all gone and they don't even turn into diamonds please please fix
lenseven ratingfour good job but slow other wise good.
lentwo ratingfive cool buddy
lentwo ratingfive amazing game! <3
lentwentyone ratingfive really fun, but maybe you could add an option to change turn sensitivity because its not high enough for my phone
lenten ratingone does not open on lg thrill need to fix that
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lennineteen ratingfive best game i ever played this is the top game there is lets go temple run 2 let is be #1
lenten ratingfive but bummed out that they don't have more characters.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is awesome you get to slide down ropes and jump over waterfalls!
leneight ratingfive better than the first one i love it.
lenseventeen ratingtwo of course better game than the first one but still as much lag as the first game.
lenfour ratingtwo it lags soooooo much.
leneight ratingtwo it's annoying,  makes me wanna delete it.
lensix ratingtwo hope u get this fixed soon
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive smooth,  no lag on galaxy note.
lentwentythree ratingfour this version lacks the sensitivity option in game settings which really sucks., touch n tilt is not as good as the previous version.
lentwentythree ratingfour its better then the last one but this one you have low sensitivity and and to tilt its harder than the last one
leneighteen ratingfive i never played the first one because it didn't catch my interest the first couple of times.
lenseven ratingfive i'm addicted to the 2nd temple run!
leneight ratingfive one of the best free game in android.
lentwentythree ratingthree fun game, just as addicting as the first one, however the controls in the sequel seem to be less responsive, particularly the tilting.
lennine ratingthree it makes the narrow ledges really difficult to manage.
lennine ratingthree sensitivity needs to be bumped up on the accelerometer.
lentwentythree ratingthree also, even on the lowest graphical settings, the game still gets quite choppy at times, leading to swipes that don't get registered.
lentwo ratingfive ya bish!
leneleven ratingfour improved over the first game, but the control is far worse.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive everything you want in a sequel
lenseventeen ratingthree it lags a lot at obstacles causing the character to not respond to swipes making me die.
lenthirteen ratingthree i even had it at the lowest graphic setting it makes no difference
lensix ratingone soft buttons on nexus 4 not working
leneight ratingone it never even lets me play the game!
lentwenty ratingone it jus goes to the beginning screen for like 3 minutes and takes me back to the menu on my phone
lenten ratingone i spent $5 ($4.99 to be exact) for the 50,000 coin add on.
leneleven ratingone my card was charged immediately, but guess what didn't happen?
lennine ratingone the 50,000 coins didn't show up in my game.
leneleven ratingone an email to the company, imangi studios, has also gone unanswered.
lentwentyfive ratingone i cannot support a company that doesn't address these issues in a timely manner and has no trouble charging customers money for absolutely nothing.
lenfour ratingfour good game love it
lenten ratingfive good graphics, but hard to level up, like too hard.
lenthree ratingfour awsome game man
lentwelve ratingfour great game  its better then old one some feature need to improve
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is far better than the first.
lenten ratingfive the graphics, scenery, options, and the play is 1000 times better.
lensixteen ratingfive ganesh  temple runner 2 app having  great  graphics, must hv ready to earn exciting levels with rewards.
lennine ratingfive my both daughter¨s are just love this app .
lenfifteen ratingfive temple runner 1 is start  d game n temple runner 2 is increase the excitement n thrill.
lentwenty ratingone when i download it and run it all the graphics too big like it won't fit on my screen :(
lenthirteen ratingone doesn't work in mine  just the istudios come and the app closes .
lentwo ratingfive awesum game
lenfifteen ratingtwo good work on the graphics but the game hangs many times while using "save me"
lensix ratingtwo and then the game shuts down.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i was a level 15 and i just lost all my progress without any apparent reason and now i have to start all over! :@
lensix ratingfive nice improvement in scenes and sounds.
lenthree ratingfour improved den 1st one
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive so addictive, you make a new hiscore, and then you immediately want to beat it!
leneight ratingfive i somehow find it easier than the first.
lenfourteen ratingfive my only complains are the tilt sensitivity and the boot time is really long.
lensix ratingfive .new version of temple run. <3 (y)
lentwentyfour ratingthree the game randomly crashes on usage of 'save me' gems and i thereby even lose the gems that i've spent in that round.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive very fun game to play
lenfive ratingfive better and advanced than previous
leneighteen ratingone on my phone, it never loads past the imangi studios screen and causes my phone to somehow restart.
lenten ratingone disappointing, as i was really looking forward to this game.
lentwelve ratingfive this game's graphic is greater than previous one,good job! :d
leneighteen ratingthree works fine and its an awsome game but puchased some gems yesterday and still havent got them yet
lenseventeen ratingfour when i got a revive crystal and died a minute or so after the game shut down!
leneleven ratingfour i would appreciate it if you would fix this minor bug.
lenfourteen ratingfour besides that everything is perfect and so smooth,  even on this out dated phone
lenfive ratingone this game is f****** boring
lenfourteen ratingthree it crashes every time i use 'save me' more than once in one run.
lensix ratingthree please fix this nd its 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive gud onee.
lensix ratingfour great game but predictable at times.
lenseven ratingfour should have been a bit more tougher.
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best game ever
lenseven ratingfive excellet.in kolhapuri  marathi its jst nadkhula.
lensix ratingfive better story and much better graphics.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive taking the experience if temple run to a totally different level, lot if new things, i think this'll soon be the first in the rankings of similar type of games by a fair distance.
lentwelve ratingone evrey time i get to the game and it jst lags out :'(
lennine ratingfive it's afun game with a twist to it
lenseven ratingfour ossum & addictive.ammazing game play.must download.!
lenfour ratingfour far more better than 1!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love this.
lenseven ratingfive great  far much better than temple run
lenfour ratingone pop up stupid ads
lensix ratingfive igrica je fenomenalna nemogu prestati igrati
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive wow what a brilliant game.
lenseven ratingfour its better than all the temple runs
lensix ratingthree clicking on it crashes the game.
lennine ratingfour this is a great game, the graphics are awesome.
lenfifteen ratingfour i just dont like that you cant complete the objectives in any order you want.
lentwentyone ratingfour and also after you trip the animal that chases you blocks your view when it jumps about, it gets abit annoying.
leneight ratingfour other than that its a good time waster.
leneleven ratingfour everything costs too much, but other wise this game is great:):):)
lenfifteen ratingfive a bit hard to turn other than that its easier and better than the first
lenfive ratingone not gud waste of time
lenfour ratingfive playing on galaxy note 2.
leneight ratingfive always a great game to play with friends
lenfourteen ratingfour yap game is to good but turn senstivity is poor so plz improve it.
lensix ratingfour not as good as temple run 1
lennine ratingone cant make any money, it dissappears after every run.
lenthirtynine ratingthree previous one was better as i am unable to catch the power and also same path is being repeated also the animal is quite big where sometimes when it follows the runner i am unable to see the runner.
lenfive ratingfive if u liked temple run .
leneight ratingfour excellent, lot smoother than the the od version.
lenfive ratingfive excellent game, really great game!
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i've ever played!
lenseven ratingfive found it alot better then the first.
lennine ratingfive just basically tuned up alot more and feels smoother.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are also a plus.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingfive kan k?ra p? b?sta grafikinst?llningen p? min lur.
lentwelve ratingfour fun but keeps on crashing when i want to use my gem
leneight ratingone because it cheated all my coins!my 50k coins!
lenthirteen ratingone whenever i try to download it it shows message "package file is invalid"
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenten ratingfive very addictive, better than the first game, with better graphics.
lensix ratingfive works fine on my captivate glide.
lensix ratingfive some bugs need to be fixed .
lensix ratingfive need to close app force fully
lenthirtynine ratingfive way better then the first one and i like the cool power ups u can collect and also my fav aspect and feature within this game is the rail kart parts it reminds me of the game rail rush
lentwentyfour ratingfive the game would be near perfect if there were an option to change the sensitivity as it's a bit insensitive to my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfive i think temple run 2 is amazing n me n my sistas luv it !
lentwo ratingfour bit lagging
lenfive ratingtwo visual effects are not good
lenseven ratingfour good job of making the temple run 2.
lensix ratingfour more character will be 5 stars bro
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo its like the best game in the world only if it didn't lag.maybe it might be my phone not sure played on the iphone and didn't lag at all. :(
lenthirteen ratingfive has some glitches that needs tk be fixed but i love this game
lenfive ratingfive best runing game in android
lenseven ratingfive this game must called all in one
lentwo ratingfour cool graphics.
lenten ratingfive it was a lot better and even more better graphic
lenfour ratingfive asooooom and lovely game
lenfour ratingfive great graphics.great game
lensix ratingfive very good better then temple run
lentwentyone ratingfive it is the best game ever i have alot of other games this is the only game i play .so fun:)
lenseventeen ratingthree awesome game, i hope it exceeds the downloads of all other games, keep rocking for app developers
lenten ratingfive this is surely a big improvement on the earlier version.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are  fabulous but the game seems to have a problem.
lentwentythree ratingfive when not playing and the next time you open the game you return back to level 3 and pls add the wallpapers and characters.
lentwo ratingfive awsmeeee graphics
leneight ratingone this game is not working for my phone!
leneighteen ratingthree graphics are at best but colour combination confuses us taking turns.its not as best as 1st temple run
lenfive ratingfive i love temple run 2 better
leneleven ratingfive i have never rated anything but this game is the truth!
lenten ratingfive there is significant improvement in graphics and the whole experience.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingthree this game is nice.
lensix ratingthree but play time some problem confusion.
lenfour ratingfive hii plz download it
lentwentyfive ratingfour it's more beautiful and colourful than temple run1 but i think it's too complicated.it's a bit confusing but still challenging and exciting.
lensix ratingfive wayy better than the first one!
leneleven ratingfive d game graphics is good nd improved frm temple run first
lentwo ratingfive ?nice game?
lenthirteen ratingfive i was waiting for this, good thing they come up with the sequel.
lentwo ratingfive unbelievably cool!
leneleven ratingthree all of my high scores, money and gems just got deleted.
lensixteen ratingthree the back button use to work but now it doesn't. i have the latest update.
lennine ratingthree otherwise it is a very fun and good game.
lentwo ratingfive sooooo addictive.
lenfour ratingfive gd gme gt it
lentwo ratingfive tempil run
lennineteen ratingone when i first see this i was very excited then when it finished downloading it says invalid file download
lenthirteen ratingthree not really much different to number 1 and the tilt needs a sensitivity setting
lenseven ratingfive you should definetly try that game 0 lag
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenten ratingfive needs a racing mode in which players can win races
leneight ratingfour far better than the previous version.great game.
lenten ratingfive better than temple run and best than temple run brave
lenfive ratingfour plz increase  the user senstivity
lennine ratingfour but freezes every time i press the skip button.
lenfive ratingone cant use the tilt function.
lenthree ratingone samsung galaxy note 2.
lenfour ratingfive after decades of waiting.
lenfortyfive ratingtwo i am using temple run 2 from past 2 days but it has not given me the result that was expected from it, because when i am trying to play this game it is coming out of the application to the main lading page of my mobile.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i don't know what is the reason for this problem with this game.
lenfortyfive ratingtwo this is truly annoying my interest because i am game freak person, so let me know as to what is the problem with this game as i don't have this sought of problem with the other games that i have downloaded from google play.
lennine ratingfive exelent better than temple run 1 best free game ever *********
lensixteen ratingthree i have spotted a number of bugs the only thing that makes me not give 5 stars .
lensix ratingthree i know theyll be fixed soon .
lenfour ratingfive awesome app.cool graphics!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive hope there is a third and if so, cant wait
lenten ratingfive hope u could have added some powerup to decrease speed.,
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfour is anyone facing a forced close after clicked 'save me' during the run?
lenthree ratingfour its awesome game.
lenseven ratingfour more interesting, more difficult and more addictive.
leneight ratingfour i didnt see any triple value coins why?
lentwo ratingfive toooooooo goooooooood
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseventeen ratingthree everytime i try to start the game , it does not even finish loading, it crashes/forces close .
lenten ratingthree i already restarted my tab but its still the same .
lensixteen ratingfive i like how they've distinguished this from temple run 1 even though the basis is same.
lenseventeen ratingfive i'd really love it a little more if it somehow spared my battery a bit :-p
lenfive ratingfour it skips frames alittle though.
lentwo ratingfour htc sensation 4g
lenfourteen ratingfour i must say, the first one sucked and now it really improved a lot.
lenfourteen ratingfour the only reason why i gave it four stars because the tilt controls sucks.
lentwelve ratingfour i hope that the developers will fix this on the next update.
lenthree ratingfive gazab hai game.
lentwo ratingfive extraordinary graphics.
lenten ratingfive love u imangi . :) :) run smooth on mu htc one v.
lenfour ratingfive very nice game awsm
leneight ratingfive its great game its better than the 1st one.
lenfive ratingfive much better from previous versions.
lensix ratingfive vorking like a charm on lg 2x
lennine ratingfive graphics are so good but can you improve sensitivity
lenfourteen ratingtwo after you die it asks if you want to use a gem to continue.
lentwentyone ratingtwo if you press the back button on the device it locks up the game and you have to force close it.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingthree sensitivity can be improved.
lenfourteen ratingthree the previous temple run games had an option to change sensitivity, plz provide tht.
lenfour ratingthree overall a good game.
lennine ratingfour game is really awesome, so i purchased coin doubler.
lenthirteen ratingfour my card has been charged,  but it is not upgraded in my game?
lensix ratingfour i dont know wht to do.
lentwelve ratingfive hav a lot great fun from temple run~lov this game alot ~
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lennineteen ratingfour it is not downloading in my galaxy tab really lookin forward to play this game plzz fix it asap
lenthirty ratingfive when i use the gem, the game suddenly stopped and my progress in the previous game is lost with reduction of the gems that i've used in that game.
lenseven ratingfive but it is a good game actually.
lenfourteen ratingfive performance improved than 1st one, interesting game, but back button is not working to exit.
lenfour ratingthree its slow and lags
lensix ratingone the game won't even load.
lenfour ratingfive nice n awesome game
leneleven ratingfive this is definitely a step up from the first temple run.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i get an awesome sense of adventure with the new track and with the addition of the rope and mining cart and i love it.
lenseven ratingfive the cart is definitely my favourite part.
lenfifteen ratingfive its much more challenging and wayyy more fun, i play whenever i get the chance ^_^
lenseven ratingthree nice game bt nt lik 1 bit artifcl.
lenfour ratingfive truly a magical experience!
lenten ratingfour it never gets boring to play this game.love it:-)
lenthree ratingfour make more excellent
lenthirteen ratingfive my only suggestion is that the tilt controls should be made more sensitive.
lensix ratingfive i have to tilt a lot!
lensix ratingfive best game samsung glaxy s advance
lenten ratingone it says can't be downloaded due to an error
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game
lentwo ratingfour nice app!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
leneight ratingone tried to install it but it wont run.
lenseven ratingone hoping it would run in the future.
lensix ratingfive a new addict after subway surfs
leneight ratingfive awesome game, great continuation of the first game.
lenseven ratingfive could play forever, its my new addiction!
leneighteen ratingthree it has become more challenging in comparison with the first one, i personally find it difficult after 4000 m
lenfive ratingfive game crash when call come.
lenfour ratingfive start from new game.
lenfour ratingfive awesome new adventure game.
lenfour ratingfive a must play game!
leneight ratingfive but i still more like the old one.
lentwentyfive ratingfour .the game is awesome but i have a.problem using the gem.everytime i used it for the second, the game is closing.fix this.
lenten ratingthree please make the game work on sony xperia tipo dual
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lenthree ratingfive brilliant for kids
lennine ratingone i cant play the game it forces to close
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentysix ratingfive really good but they need to fix it on hayzap so you can show people your goals you complete and challenge people to bet your scores
lenthree ratingfive the game maker
lennine ratingfive such a nyc game this i have evr played.
lensix ratingone shuts down everytime i open it.
lentwelve ratingone one of my favorite games and i can't even play it.
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics
lentwentyfive ratingfive had problem with the coin purchase and as soon as i informed em i got refunded and got the thing fixed, that's very appreciating.
lenthree ratingfive love thing game.
lenten ratingfive i love the game its better than the frist one
lenfive ratingfive more better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive nice apps.
lenfour ratingfive awsom game and graphics
lenfour ratingfour fun but  to plain
lensix ratingfive just bring the touch sensitivity option.
lenfour ratingfive little tuning is needed.
lenseven ratingone wat a bakwaas chuchu game this is.
lentwo ratingone 1dum fattu game.
lenthirteen ratingone sab cheez me fatt ra h. bandar bhaag km naach jyada ra h.
lentwelve ratingfive this is challenging and fun then then temple run & temple run brave
lennine ratingfive no othet game can match the thrill it gives.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour awesome game, but just 1 major bug that when i use a gem, the game crashes
lenthree ratingfour it hangs sometimes
lenten ratingfive but difficult in shaking in note 1 in ics correct it
leneight ratingfive it's a brilliant and a welcome upgrade.
lenseven ratingfive the rope and new graphics are brilliant.
lenfour ratingfive it's extremely addictive.
lennineteen ratingfour good from first one good graphics but sometimes some way is not visible but its a time pass game
lenfive ratingfive worst game ever i played
lensixteen ratingfour graphics r gr8 but colour design can make it hard 2 visually distinguish corners, especially in jungle part.
lensixteen ratingfour unsure what some of the powerups mean, like the extra life u get when u die.
lensix ratingfour looking 4 manual on how 2 activate powerups.
lentwelve ratingfour other than that it's much better than the original n fun.
lennine ratingfour it's an awesome sequel to the original game.
lenfive ratingfour nice work my imangi studios.
lentwelve ratingfive so much improvements than temple run nice graphics and so  smooth game
lensix ratingfour a very well fabricated sequel of tr1.
lennine ratingfour four stars cos still many bugs to be fixed.
lennine ratingfour i am facing problem with the saving feature of tr2.
lenseven ratingfour on saving sometime it quits the game.
lensix ratingfour lossed many bigtime achievements and scores.
lensix ratingfour looking forward for an improvement soon.
lenten ratingthree my game glitches when my character begins to go fast.
lenten ratingthree other than that this game is extremely fun and addictive!
lenfourteen ratingone the app doesn't open or do anything at all on my android phone.
lensix ratingfive can't wait for temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwenty ratingfour but it freezes sometimes so i have to turn off my tablet and then on again every time it freezes.
lennine ratingthree seriously what the hell is up with the tilt?
lenfifteen ratingthree in the original i just tilt my phone slighly and he moves to the side.
lenfourteen ratingthree i have to twist my phone so much its hard to see the screen.
leneleven ratingthree cant even worry about coins as trying to tilt kills me.
lentwelve ratingone i've waited for this game but it's not worth waiting!
lenten ratingone pretty please fix this problem and i'll give 5 stars.
lenfive ratingone i just love this game.
lensix ratingfive very good game i love it.
lenfour ratingfive love it vv much!
lenfour ratingfive graphics at the peak!
lenthree ratingfive absolutely fun-tastic !
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars definitely.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's a great game to play and to get to know new people.
lensix ratingfour much more fun but still buggy
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and game
lenseven ratingfive little tough but very enjoyable.excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive woot woot
lenfourteen ratingtwo the game is supposedly great, but it was as if it was made for 5"
leneight ratingtwo not everyone uses a big screen. :( lg optimus l3
lentwo ratingfive exellant game.
lenthree ratingfive really amazing pkay :-)
lensix ratingthree fix the lag and maybe 5 stars
leneight ratingfive great game, like it better than the original.
lenfive ratingfive the 1st series was a hit.
lentwo ratingfive excellent app
lensix ratingtwo wont open after the first day
lentwentysix ratingtwo i dont like how it doesnt give you enough time to show you if you need to go on a ledge or turn in the mines
lentwo ratingfive awesome gameplay!
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the coolest game that i've played.i'm having fun.
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics rather than 1.
lenfifteen ratingtwo would be great if a sensitivity option would be added like the original temple run
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with awesome graphics
lentwo ratingfour nice game.!
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game.
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive so now we've got tr2, how bout some planning on number 3?
lensix ratingfive maybe like ice temple or something.
leneight ratingfive preety awesum.bt eats a lot of ram
lenthree ratingfive game is awsome.
lensix ratingfive really good, great graphics and fun :)
lenfive ratingfive i love the graphic experience!
lennine ratingfour awsome graphics and better control than previous.hats off
lentwentysix ratingfive just clipping issues for me.e.g. when i jump against a wall it flings me off at high speeds left or right for no reason.
lenfive ratingfive other than that great game
lentwentyone ratingfive i am already addicted to play temple run and the new version temple run 2 is also awesome like the earlier version.
lenfive ratingfive nice job by the developers.
lennine ratingfive previous version don't have the option "save me"
lenfourteen ratingfive lifes for which you need to collect the diamonds, i already scored 3.50,000 score.hehe :-)
lenseven ratingfour my mobile htc explorer doesnt works why
lensix ratingone crashes after every game plz fix
lenseven ratingfive awesome gameplay and the graphics are amazing!
lentwelve ratingone this is one awsome game way better then the first one.not!
lenthirty ratingfive had lots of fun while spending time on this awesum game.but the monster is little bit too much big which i didn't like .but the game is wow.
lenthirteen ratingfour it is fun but has its problems for me it gets really laggy
leneight ratingone it won't open on my samsung gt-p1000.
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lensix ratingthree scroll up sensitivity is too bad.
lenseven ratingthree slide up but still running in straight.
lensix ratingthree ios is still the best platform.
lenfive ratingfive no comment just pure  awesomeness
lenfourteen ratingfour but its a bit confusing and the tutorial dosent explain some of the obstacles
lennine ratingfive very good game and much interesting than temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive good game but not for my micromax ninja 3 but overall iys good game
lentwentythree ratingfive awesome game to kill time and i find it very addictive  when u r  bored and i find it better then temple run
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingfour gud entertainment game.but i ran 20100m distance due to some bug.kindly check how it happened.
lentwentythree ratingthree but when i touch the save me button and when  adjust the sound or when  player is dead  it totally hang my tab.
lenfour ratingthree pls fix this bugs.
lentwo ratingthree reliance tab v9a
lensix ratingfive excellent graphics and gameplay.great game.!
lenten ratingfive so far best game i've played on my android
lenfour ratingfive great game soooo addictice
lenthree ratingfive good job haha ;)
lenthirteen ratingfive this app is way beyond because it has more inerusting than the first.
leneight ratingfive it's double the fun with temple run  2.
leneleven ratingfive the dynamic view is really good that you are actually running.
leneight ratingfive hands down the best addictive game out now!
lensixteen ratingfive my 4yr of son and i compete to see who gets more coins or gets the farthest!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenten ratingfive new adventures just love it, but still a bit slow
leneighteen ratingfour the force closing gets in my nerves but game-wise its a really nice upgrade of its predecessor.
lennine ratingfour a completely new gaming experience from the previous version.
leneight ratingone bkwaas lg optims me open hi nai hota
lennine ratingfour nice new terrain and places plus very nice graphics.
lentwentyfour ratingfour i have a problem with google play or maybe this app because i bought a 50,000 coin pack and i haven't gotten it yet.
lentwelve ratingfour is there a time interval as to when i will recieve it?
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics thnks editor
lensixteen ratingthree great except for when using save me it closes out and i lose all those gems.
lenthirteen ratingthree really sucks when on a high steak that was so hard to do
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the old one
leneighteen ratingfive actually i haven't been a big fan of temple run 1 but this one is just just amazing.
lenthree ratingfive simple n challenging.
lenfour ratingfive good job development team! :-)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive lot more than what i had expected.
lenthirtyone ratingfour most of the time when i use boost the is a problem the boost is sometimes stopping sudden or the boost is continuesly on its not sropping plz check the boost
lenseven ratingfive i love this game, its so amazing
lenthree ratingfive wow tooo addicted
lenseven ratingfour there are cool new stuff, graphics, obsticles.
lensixteen ratingfour but lag apears in after 2000m, 2500m and that's why i can't get decent high score.
lentwelve ratingfour love new upgrades, hope for performance improvements, good luck with this game.
lennine ratingfour p.s. i play game on lowest graphical settings
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is so awsome good graphics lots of objectives and just lots of fun the only downer are there aint that many character
lenfifteen ratingfive hi install this game it is the best game in the world so install today
lenthree ratingfive game is great
leneight ratingfive it is amazing fantastic superb plz try it
lentwo ratingfive brilliant sequel
lenseventeen ratingfive fun and addicted.one of my fave game and absolutely this is better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive great graphic and more challenging
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive ghrapics are amazing plus new adventurous experience.
lentwo ratingfive super guyz
leneight ratingfive only problem on android is of the objectives.
leneight ratingfive you cant do those objectives which dont appear.
lenfour ratingfive i lv diz game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfour love the new graphic, not change so much about the story.
lenseven ratingfour wish they have an event for multiplayer.
lentwentyseven ratingthree pretty lagging for my handphone hope you can do something about the whole systems it just lagged w.hen it moved even i turn to the corner.
lenseventeen ratingthree i died for.no reasons lg optimus l 7 fixed the issues thank waiting for the new update ;)
lensixteen ratingfive samsung galaxy s3 and galaxy note 10.1   veru fun game no bugs besy free game you can get!
leneleven ratingfive spectacular graphics, added powerups and much more great stuff in this !
lenten ratingfive a very awesome game, just need more characters n powerups
lentwentysix ratingfive it is fun and addictive to play this game as it suggest the game developers have taken the game temple run to another level goof game
lentwentyone ratingone i'm very unhappy its very buggy it lags and i have a sprint samsung galaxy s3 ill re download when better.
lentwelve ratingthree sloppy gesture recognition, frame rate fluctuations, no ability to alter tilt sensitivity.
lenfour ratingthree good game, lotta problems
lenten ratingfive love it, like the upgrades in game, & comments in game
lenfour ratingfour i like the changes
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lentwentyfour ratingone can't play the game, can't get past the big i sign at the start then it force closes,lol, pls fix,tnx
lensix ratingfive it's so addictive and fun.
lenten ratingfour game is full of fun, great graphics m loving it.!
lenthirtynine ratingfour suppose i've activated the magnet by filling the coin bar on the left side, now a magnet appears suddenly as a powerup too and when i take it, it will not add to the duration of magnet powerup.
lensix ratingfour same goes for boost and defence.
lennine ratingfive 3d game new graphic and more are fun than temple run1 .
lennine ratingone it stays on the imangi studios screen then closes.
lenfive ratingfive but the game lag lag
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lensix ratingfive love the new additions and changes.
lenseven ratingfive no problems with lag on my nexus 7!
lenfour ratingfive never fails to entertain.
lenseven ratingfive temple run two is a great game !
lenthree ratingthree good time pass
lenthree ratingone crashes my phone.
lennineteen ratingfour this game is very fun and addictive but i've had problems with it crashing after hitting save me.
lenfive ratingfour i've gotten 10.4million already!
leneight ratingone reskinned version of temple run 1, dont even bother
lennine ratingfive this game is more visually graphics than the 1 good
lenthree ratingfive owe some addicted
leneleven ratingfive this is my favourite game, with so many challenges to overcome!
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run.go temple run 2!
lenfive ratingfive this game is really upgraded.
lenfour ratingfive new styles of escaping.
lentwo ratingfive pretty addicting!
lentwelve ratingfive it shud be given the best & popular app/game awards on android
lensix ratingtwo decent follow up, when it works.
lensix ratingtwo freezes at times and reboots phone.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo in the middle of a run the character will stick to one side no matter how hard you tilt the phone in the other direction.
lennine ratingthree looks really awesome but it crashes all the time.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great improvments!
lensix ratingfive better graphics and nicer than 1st installment
lentwentyseven ratingfive the game looks gr8 but there is space for improvement in controls (when moving side to side) and perhaps allowing us to carry 2 special powers would be better.
leneighteen ratingtwo there are so many objectives that i already completed even before the game told me to do so.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it should detect that and not nag me to do those all over again.
lenfive ratingtwo also improve the tilt sensitivity.
lenfive ratingfive its really an amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics and brilliant looks
lenfour ratingfive great game - very addictive!
lentwelve ratingfive it'd be great if there were more characters to unlock though.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseventeen ratingfive good game for mobile users, lot of new things having compair to tr 1, itz an adictive game.
lenseven ratingfive once tryed become the fan of tr 2
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics are amazon 5 out of 5 but 20 if i could this is sooo much better than temple run one :-) :-) !
lennine ratingfour tempel run 2 is good i'll wait for tempel run3, 4,5
lenfour ratingfour awesome but lags sometimes
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
leneight ratingfive got this game when it only had 100 downloads .
lentwelve ratingthree a beautiful game, but keeps crashing whenever i use gems to revive
lenfour ratingfive addicted to this game
lenten ratingfour i enjoy it a bit more than tbe first one!
lenfive ratingfive jus fab yaar.  ;-) smoother graphics.!
lentwo ratingfive awesum look.!
lentwo ratingfive toooooooo gooooooood
lenthree ratingfive amazing & intresting game
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game ,except i'm on level 4 an it look the same as levels 1-3.why is that
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics and new powerups make the tr2 very addictive.
lenten ratingfive thanks for the developers to download this game for free.
lenfour ratingfive fantastic and ecxellent game.
lenthirteen ratingfive wih more brilliant graphics and easier to play and brilliant ablities and powerups
lenfour ratingfive graphics n wel developed
lenthree ratingfive fun, nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive owesome.game.!
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lensix ratingfive runs really smooth on the nexus 4.
lenfour ratingfive so confusing but challenging.
lenthree ratingfive overall , great game.
lenfour ratingfive excellent game. .beautiful graphics.
lennine ratingthree sorry but still not as good as subway surfers
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwelve ratingthree its awesome and have alot of obstacle and not boring at all.
lenforty ratingthree but, it force close when i want to ressurect (activate save me with gem) when i fell in a broken road (cliff or whatever it is when you have to run aside because half of the the road are broken).
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2 its amazing and has great graphics.
lensix ratingfive good game play it all day
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneleven ratingfive great game buy the way he turns corners is really annoying
lensix ratingfive a lot greater than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive its bigger and better!
lentwentyone ratingthree everytime i get a good amount of coins they disapear and all of a sudden i have that speedy begginig thing.
lennine ratingthree i think it is buying it without my confirmation.
lenseven ratingthree happens everytime i go to upgrades area.
lenthirteen ratingfour pls incrse the sensor sensitivity and if possible remove resume button from down
lenfive ratingfive it's .very entertaining game.
lensix ratingfive datz all v cld say 4 it.
lenfifteen ratingfour love it but i was wondering what is at the end of all this running?
lensix ratingfour minor glitches & takes long to load.
lenfour ratingfour over all great game.
lenfive ratingfour nominated for a golden idol.
lentwentythree ratingfive i can't say anything else about this game.addictive,fun,excellent graphics and gives a lot of improvement from the first game
lenseven ratingfive verry coll game in the world cool
lentwo ratingfive ra ?v┘be?em l│ ?┗?
lenthirtysix ratingthree this game is very good and has brilliant graphics but unfortunately still has a lot of bugs and isn't as responsive as the first game which lets it down also it is still very jumpy.
lentwelve ratingthree once the bugs are sorted it will definitely be a 5 star game.
lenten ratingfive better than the first one, visually stunning and very intriguing
lenseven ratingfive even better than temple run 1 thank you :-)
lenfortysix ratingthree major improvement to part 1 especially graphics, gameplay and the adventure itself but seems like some ideas have been ripped directly from pitfall & rail rush (the latter being the most obvious) so perhaps come up with something a little more original in part 3, otherwise great time waster.
lenfourteen ratingfive much better than the first sensitivity slightly dodgy but still best game on android.
lenfour ratingfive love the second version!
lentwo ratingfive excellent grapics
lenten ratingfive it is excellent, no other words to say about it
lenfifteen ratingfive it is more adventurous to play, great job to the creator of this series game
leneleven ratingfive this game is great to play on my samsung galaxy tab.
leneight ratingfive no glitches or anything.i love this game
lenfour ratingfive great and addictive game.
lenfortythree ratingthree awesome timekiller but the graphics are jumpy:( it sometimes jumps that much it doesn't recognise i've told it to jump! and i die. 5 stars if this is fixed though, much better than the first one. i have a samsung android phone.
lensix ratingfive should have a great wall level.
lentwentyfive ratingfive the first temple run was great but this one is even better i love it im addicted to it already just like the first one!
lennineteen ratingfive i cant wait until temple run 3 comes out.i hope they make a temple run 3 great game worth installing! !
lenfive ratingfive nice game nd great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive brilliant fun recommend ty
lensix ratingfive if u dnt hv dis game .
lenseven ratingfive ur android device is dabba  .:p :p
lenthirteen ratingfive the surrounding never feels repeated,  the music is tolerable,  the monkey is bigger.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics for an app
lensix ratingfive fantastic, the best game for phones.
lensix ratingfour awesome game man,i like it.
lenfourteen ratingfour lots of fun,  getting a little monotonous after playing for a week or so.
lenfifteen ratingfour did crash on my kindle and had to reinstall, but no probs on android phone.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfourteen ratingfive could just do with being a little more responsive but all round great game !
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingone it dosent even cut on on my phone
lentwo ratingfive bich troll
lentwo ratingfive sooooooooo  gooood
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive would be cool if you guys had a section in the game where you can go down the waterfall like a slide or something.
lenfourteen ratingone at first, i was able to play , but now it wont even come on.
lennine ratingfive very easy to play,  and 100% better then the first.
lenseventeen ratingthree the game lags n hangs alot right frm d begning f d run in ma walkman live.
lenfourteen ratingthree pls f!x it n get fiv stars:-)  by d way .game is awsm.
lennineteen ratingfour it would be even better if we could share our high score on facebook and other social networking sites ! :)
lensix ratingfive i more like latest temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive cause way ahead is to see and the grapic is totally awesome.
lenseven ratingfive love this games than other run games.
lenseven ratingfive the game has nice stages and players
leneight ratingfive best android game.much better than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive friends expectations r fulfilled
lenfour ratingfive you gotta try it
lenseven ratingone worked just fine for a couple days.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and more interactive
lenten ratingfive this one is so much better with the different terrain.
lenfifteen ratingfive extremely fun and a lot harder than temple run 1 till you start to get it.
lensix ratingfive and it lags a lot less!
leneleven ratingtwo the imagine studios image just showed up and my tab vibrates.
lenseven ratingtwo please update this as soon as possible.
lenthirteen ratingtwo game was working fine, now it keeps freezing and lost all my progress.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive better graphics,possibility of extending the run by sacrificing a gem makes it a whole lot more fun.you guys are doing a good job but bring about more obstacles and rides in temple run 3.
lennine ratingfive it's the game to feel proud to play
lennine ratingfive there's lots of changes and improvement in this.
lenseven ratingfive this game is faaaaaaarrrr better then previous.
lenfour ratingfive must play this game.
lensix ratingthree it charges you a gem too!
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenfour ratingfive better than 1st temple run!
lentwelve ratingfive i really like this game, its a great improvement over the other
lentwelve ratingfive exciting and addictive than previous one and the graphics are also good
lentwelve ratingone i m nt able to download it in my htc desire c. :(:(:(:(
lenseven ratingfive best game and new version is good
leneight ratingfive new game but many people know this game.
lentwenty ratingfive better than temple run and temple run brave it might become the most downloaded and best game in the world
lentwelve ratingone it does not work properly  after installing it my phone become slow
lentwelve ratingfive game nih keren juga ya.thanks to developers game temple run 2.enjoy
lensix ratingfive my favorite game on the market.
lensix ratingfive definitely hasn't disappointed me yet.
lensix ratingfive congrats on another chart topper, imangi!
lenseven ratingfive i'm waiting for next temple run 3.
lentwentytwo ratingfour android does some justice to users by downloading temple run for free .very good graphics interference than its previous version .good game.
lenseven ratingone kicks me out before i can play. !
lenfour ratingone fix for more stars
leneight ratingfive tilting must be improved like the old one
lenfortythree ratingfive at first i hated it would not open on my phone i would try to go to it and it would just gi to the loading screen then went to my home screen now i uninstalled and reinstalled and now its fine yay
lenten ratingthree imangi did a better job on the first temple run.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i didn't think temple run could be better until i got this, need to carry my charger around because i can't stop playing!
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun!
lenfour ratingthree i love this game.
lenten ratingtwo launched the app and everything was gone for no reason.
lenseven ratingtwo not worth it tp get everything back.
lennine ratingfive hi.pleeezzz.force clos!i hop 2 fix sooonnn.plz.10x.
lenseven ratingone this game keeps deleteing all my data.
lentwentyeight ratingone i buy a new character and then the next day it sets me back to having no coins and acts like i haven't ever played it before.
lenfour ratingfive great game to enjoy
lentwentytwo ratingfour sometimes it freaks out and the symbols turn black makes me angry.other then that i love the new graphics. .great game
lentwo ratingfive fun unlimited
lensix ratingfive love it better then then original
lensix ratingfive better graphics than the first one
lenthree ratingfive mast mast mast
leneleven ratingfive it's a magnificent game , to believe u gotta play it .!
lenthirteen ratingone i have the lg optimus l3, and playing the game is a terrible experience.
lenfourteen ratingone the coin meter and the pause button area take up almost the entiere screen!
lenfifteen ratingone and the menus are terrible, i'm lucky if i see more than one button.
leneight ratingone also, the game is lacking in sensitivity controls.
lenseventeen ratingone if you could at least add support for phones like mine, i would install the game again.
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever downloaded!
lenfive ratingfive game, graphics are awesome, but.
lenthirteen ratingfive it throws me out of game whn i got caught after running 10k+ mtr.
lennine ratingfive it happend with ne four times in a row !
lenthirtyfive ratingfive ane thr sud an optn for sensitivity cntrl i need to tilt ma phn badly while running on broken bridge many times if i use save me game exits it self although m hvng 40+ diamonds
lentwo ratingfour great game .
lenfour ratingfour skips at times though.
lenfifteen ratingfive way more existing than the 1st an updating better graphics to make it easier to see
lennine ratingfour love it but i get head aches playing it.
lenten ratingfive fun and exciting and a lot better than the original
lentwo ratingfour great game !
lenseven ratingfive awesome game just like the first one.
lenseventeen ratingfive you guys did a good job bringing sone new stuff, but not changing the game too much!
lensix ratingfive amazing great and i love it
lensix ratingfive temple run is the original deal.
lentwentyseven ratingfive there are many ripoffs to this but nothing can beat it,you guys know how to make a game for touch devices.thank you for providing this.
leneighteen ratingfive keep up the great work there is a bug, if i use diamond sometime gamea crashes to homescreen.
lenseven ratingfive new items are added, it is funny.
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lentwo ratingone cant play
lenseven ratingfive each time new thg apper ,best game.
lentwelve ratingfour it is more refreshing and new in terms of fun n look.
lenthree ratingfour easy to handle
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingone a dialog box appears saying there is an error on the download.
lenthree ratingfive im lovng it.
lenthree ratingfive ilove this game
lensix ratingfive the graphics are really great too.
lenfive ratingfive extra obstacles and better controls.
leneight ratingfive it's even better than the first game
lentwentythree ratingthree the game is great except it freezes ocassionaly and i hav to take out da battery to turn it off.fix it asap.
lenthree ratingtwo major flaw alert!
lenthirteen ratingtwo was much better when you could cut a jump off with a slide.
lensix ratingtwo can't do that anymore (wack!).
lenfourteen ratingtwo also it's super glitchy if annnnything is running or if not on internet.
lenten ratingtwo i have two circumnavigator missions and that's just boring!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love templer run two i like it alot it is so so fun
lenthirteen ratingone hi i have a sidekick 4g and the game crashes when i start it.
lenten ratingone i also have to restart my phone when it crashes.
leneleven ratingfive i was kinda addicted to classic temple run but this one.
lenten ratingfour the tilt doesn't work as well as temple run 1.
lentwentythree ratingfour sometimes, especially when i'm on the rope, even if i tilt my phone about 45 degrees, i still can't get the coins.
lentwelve ratingfour it's the same for on the road, but slightly less so.
lensix ratingfour otherwise, great job, love the graphics.
lensix ratingfour ps- that thing is a monkey!?!?!?
lensixteen ratingone i just downloaded this game and it crashes every single time i try to open it.
lenfour ratingone fix this issue immediately
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics are amazing only if there were a save point or a checkpoint
lensixteen ratingthree so far it is very fun but there are a few glitches that affect game play.
lentwenty ratingthree like when i. lick the save me button on occasion it will just shutdown the app without saying anything else.
lenfive ratingthree and not saving my score .
lenten ratingthree also when i slide up it will occasionally slide down.
lentwenty ratingthree i don't hate this app or anything i actually really like it but it needs some kinks worked out
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtythree ratingfour i like the game it runs smoothly but one issue i have is that when you jump from one platform to the other the character falls through the platform causing me to die.
lentwo ratingfive great update
lennine ratingthree this is a really interesting game great time killer.
lentwentyeight ratingthree at times right when i'm about to beat my high score it starts to lag and it either causes me to die or the game shuts down.
leneleven ratingthree as well as mentioned before the turn sensitivity could be fixed.
lenthirteen ratingthree all in all this is a great game just needs a few updates.
lensix ratingfive mast game !socho mat.karlo download
lenseventeen ratingfive i want to install temple run 2 but it is showing errors why some body help me okease
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lensix ratingtwo my tilting doesn't work anymore.
lentwelve ratingtwo i uninstall it and install it and it just doesn't work.
lenfourteen ratingtwo like i said i would give the five stars if i get it fix.
lenfourteen ratingthree it's an ok but tilting isn't as good as the first one
lentwenty ratingfive what can i say , this game is awesome!ive been playing all day for the past week!i love it!
lenten ratingfive absolutely superb game better than temple run really love it
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennineteen ratingtwo this would have been great but after unlocking 3 characters and reaching level 8 i had to hard reset my phone.
lenseventeen ratingtwo needless to say all my work went down the toilet as i have to start all over.
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo im sticking to subway surfers, at least when ever i reinstall it my data comes over, i can even switch from playing it on a tablet to my phone and keep the same data.
lenten ratingfive it is a gret brain and fun game to play.
lenfive ratingfive just luv the new graphics!
lenthirteen ratingfour great game but sometimes when i jump it glitchs me and i die
lentwelve ratingfive there is no game on android that is more addictive than this.
lensixteen ratingfive which makes me and everyone else wo der .what the heck did imangi do with brave?
lentwentytwo ratingfive i simply canot imagine what developers could ever do to improve it in teme run 3 after they made this absolute perfect game
lensix ratingfive brillaint game well worth the download
lenseventeen ratingone it wont let me tilt it side to side.its one of my fave games.please fix
lentwentytwo ratingfive very good game better than the original apart from the problem it doesn't always jump for some jewels very frustrating sometimes.
lenfourteen ratingfive but the powers are not soo clearly visible.and tilt should also be developed
lentwelve ratingone would have gave 5 but keeps jamming sooooo irritating lost all my points
lentwo ratingfive yeaaa buddy
lensix ratingfive better than graphics than temple run 1
leneight ratingfour please improve turn sensitivity.it lags a bit.
lenfive ratingthree gameplay ang gfx is awesome.
lenfortyfour ratingthree my only problem is that, sometimes when i use a 2nd save, the game suddenly quits, i was like at 2.6 million points and it just quit w/out saving the score, and when i run the game again, my gems are now negative in number.
leneleven ratingthree and include all those other bugs other users are talking about.
lensix ratingfive this game is amazing enough said.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics, gameplay and interface is perfect.
lensix ratingfour two thumbs up for this app!
lenfifteen ratingfour game is great except that the tilt controls are brutal for such an iconic game.
lensix ratingfour the original temple run was flawless.
lenfive ratingfour everything else in 2 is fantastic.
lentwelve ratingfour fix the tilt response and its a 5 star game all day long.
lenfive ratingfive super enhancement on temple run
lensix ratingfour yeah much  better than previous version
lenten ratingfive great game first is good but this is much better.
lenten ratingfive you should try this one and you'll enjoy it .
leneleven ratingfour awsmm but after update my all 'save me' diamonds r gone
lenseventeen ratingfive it's so much better than the old one  and it's  so much fun to play.
lensix ratingfive i would 4 people to play this.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo there is a bug if you got the invicible boost powerup and run onto a rope speed will still be fast even the boost has run out.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lenten ratingone when i go to open the app, it just closes.
leneighteen ratingtwo stupid phone wont download anything over 30 mb so i cant download the game but it looks pretty fun
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenthree ratingfive nice but nauseating
lenfourteen ratingfive what a beautiful game with smootg gtaphic that can change by user , and addicted!
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lentwo ratingfive like fun
leneight ratingthree bloody game hangs and force stops too often
lenthree ratingfive and super fun!
lentwo ratingfive super perfect
lennine ratingfive i played it on iphone and it is amazing.
lenseven ratingfive super game that i already loved the 1!
lenfour ratingfive in a word addictive!
lennine ratingone downloaded the game and it never opened for me.
lenseventeen ratingone the loading screen would show and then it would just close out. :-\ i have a samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingfive this is the most epicest game ever
lenthirteen ratingfour it is a very good game, a lot better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfour better gralhics and better ups ;-)
lenfive ratingthree the graphic + setting is awesome!
leneight ratingthree but the controls especially turn one, is lagging.
leneight ratingthree overall the fluidity is not there even for tr1.
lenfourteen ratingthree don't know if it was something to do with galaxy s3's screen size.
lenfour ratingfive awesome download it noe
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfour ratingfive great for killing time
lensix ratingfive this new game is so awsome.
lenfour ratingfive play it every day!
leneleven ratingfive twice as good and twice add addictive add the first one !
lenseven ratingfive best game on android since the orginal
lensix ratingfive very addicting can't stop playing!
lensix ratingfour nice game and good attractive visuals.
lenseven ratingfour must needed change which comes as refreshing.
lenthirtythree ratingfour just one problem somehow i can¨t figure out how to exit from this app neither on clicking back it exits (nexus 7) nor there is any such option in menu to aid that.
lenthirteen ratingfour update :  with the version update the device back button error has been fixed.
lenfour ratingfour thanks to the developers.
lentwo ratingfive quality game
lenfour ratingfive great fun, very addictive.
lenten ratingfive if only i was actually good at playing this game.
lenthirteen ratingone the scenery is spectacular, but you can't look at it while playing.
lenfifteen ratingone apart from that it falls down and is a great disapointment after the previous 2 episodes.
lentwentyfive ratingone the biggest problems are: coins disapear after you have collectet 2,500 coins; side shifting requirers way too much tilt; depth cues for power ups are misleading.
lenseventeen ratingone stick with the original, or brave, and wait for the bugs in this version to be fixed.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
leneight ratingfour awesum game wid improved effects.hit hai boss.:)
lentwentythree ratingfive it is a grate game i cant stop playing it no matter wht kind of mood am in it just makes me happy
lenfour ratingfive best game.must play.
lenfour ratingfive nice gfx runs smooth
lenfive ratingfive it is a excellent game
lenfour ratingfour follow me ontwitter @ateeksheikh.
lenten ratingfour a good game with lots of news things which sucks.
lenseven ratingfour duck, tilt , turn , jump are all same
lentwelve ratingfive you should make it where you can change what is chasing you
lenfive ratingthree monkey has no banana s
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
lenfive ratingone the first ones waaaaay better.
lentwenty ratingfour i really wish that there was a way to save the coins you get.i really wanna unlock new people
lentwelve ratingfive i love it but its sensitive and not in a good way.
lenthirteen ratingfive but the graphics are great and its easier to play and more fun.
lennine ratingfive graphics is excellent than temple run 1 , joy full game
lentwelve ratingone this is a great game but it didnt work on my lg.
lennine ratingone it is just the imangi studio picture plz fixx
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive pick up and play.
lenfour ratingfive no mess no fuss.
lenfortytwo ratingfive its the real game not anything else the only reason you can't turn jump etc. is because your not swiping the full screen but yeah make it more sensitive to swiping so its easiefr to move jump etc. overall it deserves 10/5
lensix ratingone 1 star because not supported for mytouch3g slide
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics and gameplay are so much better than apps that you pay for!
leneight ratingfive i cant blay it when i am slepping
lenfive ratingfour the sensitivity is very bad!
lentwenty ratingfive i have xperia sola, floating touch is enabled when i play it messes up the menu and game help please.
lenfive ratingfive but the rest is amazing
lenfour ratingfive turn sensitivity settings please!
lentwenty ratingone i m trying to download this game on my xperia u bt googleplay says ''error in downloading ''. pls fix this.
lenthree ratingfive jst love it.
lenfour ratingfive great for time killing!
lenthree ratingfive very smooth gameplay
lenseven ratingfive brilliant new approvement to the first app.
lenseven ratingfive it is just suck an epic seaqual!
lenfour ratingfive love the new maps
lenfour ratingfive fun, challenging, great adventure. :-)
leneleven ratingone freezes my phone, haven't even gotten to play it yet
lenseven ratingfive what a great way to beat boredome
lenseven ratingfive amazing such an improvement on the original.
lenfourteen ratingfive yeah this games a hit i agree but where are all the other charecters
lensix ratingfive alot better than 1st one, graphics, gameplays.
lensix ratingfour everything about this upgrade is awesome
lenseven ratingfive i cant download it for some reason
lentwo ratingfive amazin stuff.
leneleven ratingone this is a perfect example of a group of selfish morons.
lentwentyfour ratingone the app works for windows, apple, and microsoft, but they don't give a rats backside about real fans who couldn't get $600 phones.
lenseven ratingone thousands of people are experiencing this problem.
leneight ratingfive can't download it on sony xperia ray.
lennine ratingfive its btr gud than t1 :) i luv it.grt graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive realy sexy game i wish it was real hatsoff to the creator
lensix ratingfive they smashed it with temple run 2.
lenthree ratingfive bigger and better
lenthree ratingone force to close
lenthree ratingfive it fye af
lentwo ratingfour super cool
lentwo ratingfive awesome.game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive very fun, just got 1, 255, 980 the other day!
lensix ratingfive better and funner than the first !
lenfour ratingone pointless and stupid game.
lenten ratingfive i love this, its even better than the first one!
lenfive ratingfive nyc game i like it
leneleven ratingfive its just like the regular temple run but way way better
lennine ratingfive i think this version better than the old one ;)
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lensix ratingfive much better than the first version.
lenfive ratingfive this game is the bomb!
lentwo ratingfive esta chidoo!
lentwo ratingone wont play
lentwo ratingfive great graphix
lennine ratingfive best game for android phone now i seen yet.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the game an all realistic graphics, the tilt controls suck though.
lenseven ratingfive other than that the game is great.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwo ratingfour addictive game
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is absolutley amazing.
lenthree ratingfive great job imangi.
lensix ratingfive its realy cool and intersting. :d
lenfive ratingfive superb graphics and more interesting .
lenten ratingfive very addictive i can't put it down at all
leneleven ratingfive simply the best game in smartphone and tat too for free.
lenthirteen ratingtwo the game lags and often doesn't respond to jumping, sliding or tilting.
lensix ratingtwo it's fun, but mostly frustrating.
lensix ratingfive super fun.warning may get addicted
lensix ratingfive a must-download without any doubt!
lentwentyfive ratingfive better in every aspect in comparison.better graphics, better detailing, better gameplay.but somehow i don't find it as addictive as the earlier one.
lennine ratingfive but go ahead and download it i'd say!
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lentwo ratingfour great control.
lentwo ratingfour grest sensitivity
lenfive ratingfive best game of the world.
lenseven ratingfive i love the maker of temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive interasting game
lensix ratingfive game has excellent graphics and effects.
lensix ratingfour laggingg but fun when it doesnt
lensixteen ratingfour hi! there is a lifetime metres bug which does not show the correct lifetime metres run.
lenfive ratingfour need to correct this asap.
lenthree ratingfive one excellent game .
lennine ratingfive much better than the first one & much more challenging !
lenten ratingfive love the new features i'm addicted all over again!
lenseven ratingfive very addictive, i really love the game.
lenfive ratingfive good job done in graphics.
leneight ratingfive even more fun and challenging than temple run 1
lenten ratingfive more features and more obstacles make it even more challenging.
lensixteen ratingfive thanx 4 making it but u should update it and in that update put more gems please.
lensix ratingfive rope climbing and caves are terrific
lenthree ratingfive mast ha  yaaro
lentwo ratingfive jus great
lensixteen ratingfour this app should have been the first one then make even better one then the first
lenfour ratingfive awesomee game!love it !
lenthirtyfour ratingone poor,when i download and install it,it can't be play.i have try 4x times but still can't be play and loading.please fix it,i will change my rate to 5 star.
leneleven ratingfive thanks guys for making this funner it is a great game
lenthirteen ratingfive i am so very happy because i w8 this game because it so beutifull!
leneight ratingone it doesn't work properly in xperia sola.
lentwelve ratingone when i turn left or right, it jumps leading to a crash.
lennine ratingone i will rate 5 star if this bug get fixed! :|
leneleven ratingfive game that must have to all android devices.thanks to imangi.
lentwelve ratingfive good work done imangi studios,plz brng more n more temple run.!
lentwo ratingfive more challenging!
lenseven ratingfive it's so weird.i like it.
lenseven ratingfive very addictive can't put it down!
lenthree ratingfour good job imangi!
lensix ratingthree always hanging & not responsive when swiping.
lensixteen ratingfour it is a good games but sometime frezzes when you have a incoming call or text.  :)
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i like the game but once i get over like 2,500+ coins, i look back after about 3 more runs & my coins are gone?
lennine ratingtwo i didn't buy any power ups or anything.
lentwelve ratingtwo with my coins disappearing i'll never get to unlock another character.
lenfive ratingfive the best free game going!
lenseventeen ratingfive awsum game.superp.smtyms it got slow.in my phn.in sony xperia j.plz fix it.
lensix ratingfive very nice game i love it.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentysix ratingfour imangi studios has done a good job launching temple run 2 as temple run was becoming too old too be played .and temple run 2 is too daring!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
leneleven ratingfive this is a awsome game especially 4 a 11 yr old like me!
lenseven ratingfive oooooo yiah it make me so hoiney
lenthirtythree ratingtwo this is a good game, but i'm not happy because i made an in app purchase for a gem pack and i have not received it and it's been 2 days now.
lentwelve ratingtwo people beware of in app purchases because you may not get them!
lenfour ratingfour pretty awesome with graphics. .
lensix ratingfour but more confusing then temple run 1
lentwenty ratingfive this game is awesome and had high graphics.i love the temple run 2 monkey than the first temple run monkey
lenthree ratingfive truly enjoying game.
leneighteen ratingfive htc explorer  don't worry guys.works smooth on explorer.must install game for all.its juz awesome
lentwentythree ratingfour u need an option to change the sensitive because i find it too slow going from side to side with my samsung g s3.
leneight ratingfive adorei esse jogo, muito melhor que o primeiro!
lenten ratingfour it's a good game but sometimes laggy or slow
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfive but the train thing is hard but it's still fun
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwentythree ratingfour needs more jems, they're sometimes in places that are impossible to get, which is annoying when there is so few of them.
lentwenty ratingthree it plays smoothly when i'm playing while connected, but when i'm online, it lags heavily and even crashes.
lenfifteen ratingthree i wish the data can be transferred to my tablet from my phone as well.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtynine ratingfive i have this game as well as temple run 1 and temple run brave and this is by far the best, it is challenging, addictive and has new obsticles such ad the train which i really like 11/10 5+ stars for me.
leneleven ratingfive nice game and a lot more challenging than the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive and here i thought nothing could beat the original temple run game.
lennine ratingfive my kids sekhotuo and noune mezhatsu love this game.
lenfour ratingfive it is soooo addicting
leneighteen ratingfour it works great on my s3 except the tunnel ride was ride nd way too hard. :) good game anyway.
lenthree ratingfour very nice game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive great improvement to the first!
lenthree ratingfive feels more interactive.
lenten ratingfive i suggest incorporating a water sliding aspect like a bobsled.
lenthree ratingfive thanks in advance :)
lenfour ratingfive good innovative game.yeeehhhhhaaaaa
lentwo ratingfive great game !
leneleven ratingfour love the graphics cant wait to get to the prize .lol
lenfour ratingfive best thumb moving game
leneleven ratingfive awesome app i find myself playing whenever i am not busy.
lensix ratingfive the new features are pretty awesome.
lensix ratingfive n the surrounding is quite chalenging.
lenthirtyeight ratingtwo if you have the powerup set as invincibility, when its about to end, if you happen to jump on a rope, when your guy lands on the ground again he runs really really fast for some odd reason.
lenfive ratingtwo happened to me 2 times now.
lennine ratingtwo as well as the bridge, jumping over the gap.
lenfifteen ratingtwo sometimes the runner will randomly go off to the side and die when you jump.
lentwentysix ratingtwo and when you try to jump to get a power up or gem on the top of a hill, your guy jumps into the hill instead.
lensix ratingtwo getting about an inch of air.
lentwo ratingfive simply awsome
lenfourteen ratingthree 3 stars because this is a awsome 2nd series and devs have done a great job.
lenthirtyone ratingthree but i have found their is no where to buy a headstart but my account once it reachs around 4,000 coins uses it all or most of it on a headstart run :/.
lentwentythree ratingthree also used 15 gems to make the magnet go longer worked a few runs than went to level it some more and it resest.
leneighteen ratingthree also have completed obhectives (get a 2nd power up) but didnt say it was completed so its bugged out.
leneight ratingthree please fix deff worth 5 stars and reccomend downloading
lenfive ratingtwo quite boring after some time.
lenthree ratingtwo add multiplayer please.
lentwentyeight ratingone i cant play the game properly because it is zoomed in when it loads.it works fine on my ipod but no on this phone.useless absolutely useless
lenfour ratingfive temple2 is better then templerun
leneleven ratingthree hangs after excessive playing no resume after screen lock( some times)
lentwentyeight ratingfive its the best game u could ever play for my opinion i love who decide to down it you might love but remember its so cool and different
lenfive ratingfive amazing superb time kill game
lenseventeen ratingfive if you enjoyed the 1st, you'll likely agree that tr2 is better than tr1, with much more interesting environs.
lennine ratingfive they've upped the game w/ better graphics, too.
lensix ratingfive it's a lot of fun!
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time.
lentwo ratingfive kool game
lentwentysix ratingthree great game itself but for android there's so much lag and the first time u open it it takes for ever for it to open
lenthirtysix ratingfour awesome game.great game play & graphics.but only issue with sensitivity.in earlier temple run there is a option to control sensitivity but not in temple run 2.provide option to control sensitivity in this version too.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks.
leneleven ratingfive there's a cool save me button for if you die.
lentwelve ratingfive great job in making this game better than the previous temple run.
lenfive ratingfive good job imangi studios :d
lenfourteen ratingthree how come we cant post our score on facebook.its only for tweeter.boo
lennineteen ratingthree i installed it was great havin it's feel  but ?he ice bug remains :'(:-( hope it gets better soon
lentwentyone ratingtwo whenever i try to use a gem it closes out the app and make me lose a gem fix bug now!
lenseven ratingtwo or i will stay at a 2 star
lenten ratingfive i love it its so much better than the first!
leneight ratingfour sometimes i will try to use "save me"
lenfifteen ratingfour and it will close out the game and not count the points for the run
lenseven ratingtwo nice game but very hard to play.
lennine ratingfive this is currently the best app on play store.
leneleven ratingfive it's very fun to play and the graphics are stunning.
lentwenty ratingfour i would have gave it 5 but there was a lack of characters which can still be fixed with an update.
lenseven ratingfour i really like the mine cart idea.
leneight ratingfour it's so much finer than the frist 1
lenfour ratingone it wont open anymore
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lentwelve ratingthree 1) we still don't have the option to change the tilt sensitivity.
lentwentyone ratingthree 2) made my galaxy s2 freeze and required me to force shut down and reboot the device, every time i try to play!
lenthirteen ratingthree fix the issues and i'll give you the higher rating you deserve.
lenthree ratingthree 3) no facebook connectivity?!
leneight ratingthree seriously, subway surfers have facebook connectivity for ages!
lenfifteen ratingthree plus, this game is highly overrated and it's not really that great, seen better.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentysix ratingfour i just bought 50,000 coins for $5 it said it would give it to me later next day i dont have it needs to be better for 5 star
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfour great job!
lenthree ratingfour amazing gaming experiance !
lenseven ratingfour but takes a long time on startup!
lenten ratingfour i like it but, it's choppier than the original.
lenthree ratingthree love the animations!
lenfourteen ratingthree but then when i tried to go back in, it always boots me out!
leneleven ratingthree i really love this game so please fix this and thanks
lenten ratingfive luv dis game itz way betta than the 1 temple run
lensix ratingfive is even better than the original!
lentwelve ratingone i am using ninja 3.5 of micromax .this game is not working properly.
lenthree ratingfive thankyou for games
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
leneight ratingfive best graphics challenging game a overall amazing game
lensix ratingfive best app i have down loaded
lenfive ratingfour this is a nice game
lenseventeen ratingfive after 250,000 it gets choppy and you cannot live cause it stops and starts please fix in update!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive so addictive way better then the first one :-)
lenfifteen ratingfive i didn't think temple run could get any better, but they proved me wrong.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like this game if u like temple run u should get the second one!:)
lennine ratingfour this game is even more fun than the original.
lentwentynine ratingfour only thing i see wrong with it is often when i hit save me, it crashes and takes the gems i spent and coins i earned on the run.
lenfive ratingfive once again temple run rocks.
lensix ratingfive tr2 is very light and nice gui.
lenthree ratingfour very addicting game.
lenseven ratingfour but when using save gems, it crashes.
leneight ratingfour i'll give it a five when fixed.
lentwo ratingfive totally addictive .
lennineteen ratingfive temple run 2 is definitely one of the best fast-paced action game out there on the android/app store.
lenten ratingfive the game is really addicting, and gameplay is very smooth.
lentwenty ratingfive the only thing i hope temple run 2 will have is the ranking system among your friends through connecting with facebook.
lentwentysix ratingfive it will definitely be more exciting to compete high scores with your friends through the ranking system, and that will make people love the game more. :)
lenthirteen ratingfive the sequel of the classic runner game is even better  than its predecessor!
lenfourteen ratingfive i really enjoyed the added features such as wheelcart level,save me feature etc.
lentwo ratingtwo wonderful game.
lenten ratingtwo worked for about a week and now won't open.
lentwentyseven ratingfour gud game.nd more interesting than d previous one,i use xperia go.nd after  finish playing it,the phone gets stuck for 2 seconds and gets refreshed :/
lenfourteen ratingone every time, without exception, i try to download it says "package file is invalid"
lenthree ratingfive worth for android
lenfiftytwo ratingthree main screen takes around a minute to start up also when same powers up occur as that of the ability current under use the time of the power up does not go up a quick swipe down would really help everything else is awesome hope you come out with the fixes soon
lentwelve ratingfive the first temple run always froze this 1 always works without any problems.
lenfifteen ratingthree still need to improve on the turns which are very sharp unlike the first one
lenthree ratingfive awesome great game kaarbona21
lenthirteen ratingfour originality has worn off, but good additions to the new one, well done
lenfive ratingone why cant i install it
lentwenty ratingfour there's a lag every now and then that has made me rage but other than that its awesome c:
leneight ratingone i wish i could give it zerp stars!
lenseven ratingfive superb graphics and amazing environment.cool game ;) :)
leneight ratingfive great game but only complaint create more upgrades.
lentwo ratingfive great app.
lenten ratingfive i like the new gem thing they got goin' on.
lensix ratingfive it's excellent game :d:d
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lentwentyseven ratingfive im a kid so im going to luv temple run its sooooo fub i play it on my phone ,ipad, and my kindel fire its sooooo awsome
lennine ratingfive its showing error in galaxy s. fix this fast
lenthree ratingfive verry good game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingone wen i open the game it zoom in and can't able to play.
lentwo ratingone need updates.
lenthree ratingfive tota?lly mindblowing.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive it just keeps on gettin btr nd bttr *update* i found theres a bug sometimes when we r using boost n even after the boost has finished u end up running at the boost speed !
lennine ratingfive thats ridiculous .i hope imangi looks into this problem
lentwo ratingfive awsom game
lennine ratingfour it is nice but sometimes it doesn't work
lentwo ratingfour freakin awesome!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics and superb 3d effect.
lensix ratingfive a must to dwnld game.;-)(y)
leneight ratingfive exxelent game every1 should try it 5 stars from me.
lenfive ratingfive ausome graphics, gamplay nd etc.
lentwo ratingfive pretty fun
lenfour ratingfive awesome game as ever
lenfifteen ratingfive could be better if there is a leaderboard and able to compare score in facebook
lentwo ratingfive savadi game
lenthree ratingfive a worthy successor
lenten ratingthree i think there is a bug in the coins counter.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree for example, number of coins i earned is 3452, and after i started the game next time or occassionally when i observe, my coins counter falls to about 1452.i didnt buy any thing.
lenfive ratingthree how did those coins disappear.
lentwentytwo ratingthree this is a frustrating thing.need to fix the problem.please consider.if it is fixed, its worth getting 10 star rating even.
lenfourteen ratingone how am i going to play this game if it doesn't even open?
lentwenty ratingone installed it twice buy it only shows the imangi page and then it just takes me out of the game!
lenthree ratingone very disappointed indeed!
lenfortyseven ratingfour much better graphics, more obstacles, more gameplay options (zip line and mine cart) and a lot more upgradeable stuff.even if i miss the old magnet which was giving you 3x coins and more points i like the way you implemented it as a coin boost powerup item.
lenfortyeight ratingfour i gave 4 stars because i encounter a bug with the coin boost magnet powerup.if i activate it and pick up another coin magnet from the map at the end of the previous one time, the time ends even if i picked it up(the time should reset)
lentwelve ratingfive i love temple2 run it's one my  fav games on my phone
lenfive ratingfive i love it its awesome !
lentwentythree ratingfive it's pretty fun, i reckon this is the best game on android, but it kinda lags a bit haha, fix it please?
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive says jerrys daughter bethany
lenseven ratingfour no sensitivity slider - game feels super unresponsive.
lenforty ratingfour glitches: character often no-clips through the floor after jumping gaps, when you glide on the rope too long instead of landing on the ground you fly over the edge, for some reason my character glitched over the side (fox)
lenten ratingfive it is amazing and way better then the first one.
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much:-):-):-):-)
lentwo ratingfive epic game
lenseven ratingfour i am loving this game so far.
lenfive ratingfour i love a good challenge.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lensix ratingfive increadible game it is.just amazing
leneight ratingfive i love the grapcik and the big ap
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphic
lenfive ratingfive perfect sequel to the original
lenthree ratingfive so amazing game
lentwentythree ratingfive it is a hard but fantastic game and i love the part that you are in the cart and you have to dunk
lenthree ratingfive luv this game!
lensix ratingfive i start playing and time disappears.
leneightyfour ratingthree when i play this game i get the feeling that i'm playing pitfall i think the makers of temple run are trying to copy pitfall i still think this is a good game but because of the two games being very simalar i actually prefer pitfall i just think that they put more thought into the game so if i was you i would play a little bit of pitfall before trying this game because i think it is just a better game.
leneight ratingfour a bit not good enough to satisfy me
lenthree ratingfive great game but.
lenfour ratingfive excellent game and graphics
lentwo ratingfive looks cool
lentwelve ratingfive love thos game and its got more amazing and addictive.great game :-)
leneight ratingthree very choppy, skips quite a bit and freezes.
lenfour ratingthree needs a sensitivity setting.
lennine ratingfive i love to play this game all day long.
lentwentyfive ratingfive ive only had it for 1 week its a really is a good way to spend your time it has new texture packs too get it!
lentwo ratingfive samsung galaxy s3.
lenten ratingfive not my usual type of game but quite fun nevertheless
lennine ratingone it won't even load on the droid stratosphere
lenthree ratingfive the game cold
lenthree ratingfive the perfect sequel
leneleven ratingfive great fun game and a good step up from temple run.
lenten ratingfive i love this app it is s! addincting ad fun!
lennine ratingfive i really like this game.nice animation.superb work.
lentwo ratingfour addictive game
lentwentyseven ratingfour the game is not workin well on sony xperia sola device, floating touch is activated on the screen.if we wish to jump the player slides down
leneighteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a huge improvement over the original, amd breathes new life to he temple run brand!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive new game play elements take a little getting used to, because it is a bit different, but once you get used to the learning curve, you'll feel right at home again!
lentwentyone ratingfive great performance for first release, but it does need to be a little smoother, as it stands, it lags a little.
lentwentytwo ratingfive also, it needs higher tilting sensitivity, i find myself tilting my phone pretty far to avoid falling off the incredibly thin cliffs!
lenseven ratingfive the best game since a long time.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingone it doesn't even open on my impulse 4g with a wi-fi connection!
lennine ratingfive real nice game .more addictive compared to temple run 1 .
lennine ratingfive nice graphics and new levels make it more thrilling .
lenten ratingfive the greatest game i've ever played with samsung galaxy s2
lenfour ratingfive little one loves it.
lenseven ratingfive a worthy successor to a legendary game.
lentwo ratingfive run whell .
lenthree ratingfive game yg baguss
lenseven ratingfive it occupies all of my down time.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are stellar, as to be expected.
lenseventeen ratingfive i just can't get anything else done if i feel like i'm on a roll.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lennine ratingtwo it opens and then it closes by its self.
lenten ratingtwo i dont know if its the game or my phone
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive bloody brilliant this is
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lenfour ratingthree temple run 2 is great.
lensix ratingthree i live the new hi def.
lenfifteen ratingthree graphics and all the new terrain, the levelling up system and even the giant monkey.
leneighteen ratingthree for one, my biggest sadness, is that the magnet no longer multiplies scores, it's just a magnet.
lenthirtynine ratingthree the boost powerup is as good as it was, and i think the swiggly circle is the instant coins bonus powerup, which is ok, but i don't know why it's there if you can't upgrade it.
lentwentythree ratingthree the shield is also a bit odd, as the invisibility stopped you falling off ledges and jumps as well as protecting from obstacles.
lenthirty ratingthree and perhaps worst of all is that same powerups no longer4 magnets in a row and only two worked, as the 2nd and 4th didn't start because the 1st and 3rd were still active.
lensixteen ratingthree all of these powerup issues are what i'd like to see fixed in an update.
lentwentyfive ratingthree sometimes the terrain is very hash, as in once there has been spiky rollers rooftops and waterfalls all in one go, making it nearly impassable.
lenthirtysix ratingthree and i'd like to see more types of terrain, as it becomes a bit samey after a while, perhaps bring back the bridges, rocks or even add mountains or something - the mine cart is great.
leneleven ratingthree please add the other 2 characters potential to get 5*, but 3 for now
lensix ratingfour simple and repetitive but very entertaining.
lenseven ratingone always force close in my htc please
lentwelve ratingthree one thing i noticed is that the sensitivity control has been removed .
lenseven ratingthree and the game play isnt smooth enough .
leneight ratingthree kindly solve these issues in the next update .
lentwentyeight ratingthree when the monkey comes , it blocks most of the view ahead .and sometimes when boast ends up , you continue running with same speed and eventually end up falling .
lenfive ratingthree also increase the draw distance .
lentwentyfive ratingfive instructions were good  but i had to revisit the tutorial to work out how to use headstarts and powerups, much better than the first game
lensix ratingfive im waiting for this so long.
lentwentyone ratingfive ita just when i get to like 2-3 million, if i turn a corner i barely get any reaction time at all.
lennine ratingfive it   is    awesome   it  is   quite   dangerous and    interesting.
lensix ratingfive i have   played  this   game    before.
lentwo ratingfive awesome-er!
lenthree ratingfive exciting and addicting
lenfour ratingfive this game are cool
leneight ratingfive nice!.great improvements and amazing graphics and lagfree
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseventeen ratingfour i agree w an earlier comment.theres times when theres a delayed response, causing player to die.
lenten ratingfour hopefully a update will come out soon that fixes it.
lenseven ratingfour a lot of fun, especially mine cart!
lensixteen ratingfive getting addicted to it can't stop playing great work guys best game in d world
lenten ratingfive i play this game more than i played the version 1.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenfive ratingfive good game play and entertaining.
lenfive ratingfive still trying to cross level 8.
lensix ratingfive should finish 4 more objectives i believe.
leneighteen ratingfive it has been only 5 days since i have downloaded this game and i have played it over 600 times.
lenthree ratingfive great work developers !
lentwo ratingfive micromax canvas 2
lenseven ratingfive the game has the best ghraphics ever
lenseven ratingfive great game wayyyyyy better than the first!
lenfour ratingfive way cool  :-) awesome graphics.
lenseven ratingfive by far the best temple run game.
lenfive ratingfive far better than the original.
lenseven ratingfive have a hard time putting this down.
lenthirteen ratingfive productivity at work has been at a minimum since i've downloaded this.
lenfour ratingfive help, someone please help.
lenthree ratingfive mo tak teng.
lentwo ratingfive hou  kaw.
lenthirtythree ratingfive it's really and is too good on samsung galaxy 3 my fav game  graphics of this game and what not every thing is excellent. .i think soon temple run 3 is with us ready.
lenten ratingthree would be higher but it freezes apon clicking save me.
lenfive ratingthree has ruined many long runs.
leneight ratingfive grt game expecting its launch on windows market.
lenfour ratingfive what a great game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive sexy game.
leneight ratingfour i keep dying cuz i touch too soft.
lenthree ratingfour change sensitivity option
lennine ratingthree i love this game it's p retty good.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree i especially like how it lets u save yourself with only one gem but than the price increases fix this   problem and i  might actually download the game.and give it 4 and a half stars
lenfour ratingfour the dogs doodies.mint!
leneleven ratingfive great game you could ever get easy and fast to download.
lensix ratingfour it is a super awesome game.
leneight ratingfive awesome is not d word for this game!
lensix ratingfive bun, mai ales ca este gratis!
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played.
leneight ratingfive its a must download for every android user.
lennineteen ratingone i love this game but it won't load past the first screen on my lg optimus 3d p920 please fix:)
lenforty ratingtwo the game is good but when u are on a power up mode, if i already have a magnetic power and if u collect another magnetic power the time does not extend it gives time only for one magnetic power. .
lentwentyeight ratingfour guyzz.love the game.exceptional.but.if only you could increase the tilt sensitivity.it is too less and the train part is hence very difficult.please change!
leneight ratingfive it's more challenging than the temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive jt awsum
leneight ratingfive one of the best games i've played
leneight ratingthree please bring this game to windows phone os!
leneight ratingthree android is too lag even on my nexus
leneight ratingfive it's beyond expectations the visuals are great.
leneight ratingfive to play not as easy as before one.
lensixteen ratingfour sometimes while trying to resurrect player, game itself shut down and my game progress is lost.
lensix ratingfour it happens occasionally only not always.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive new dimensions added.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingone i have spotted a number of bugs the only thing that makes me not give 5 stars .
lensix ratingone i know theyll be fixed soon .
lenthirty ratingone until that this is what i got for you  it says incrase multiplier by 3 and once u buy it , it only oncreases by one bullshit i want my coins back
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lenten ratingfive excellent game good graphics and design new ways new powers.
lenfive ratingfive it's a cool game
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever play
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, entertainibg, my fiancee loves it.!
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best game ever!
leneight ratingfive i see the improvement made in temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfour nice better then temple run more thins r added in this one
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive amazingly awesome
lentwentyone ratingfive much more challenging but i'm pretty sure y'all can get a hang of it after a couple of tries.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive this game never disappoint me
lenfive ratingfive much bettr than temple run
lensixteen ratingfive temple run is the best game ever i love playing it i play it like everyday!
lenfour ratingfive couldnt wait to play.
lenfour ratingfive i live this game
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2, much better than the first.
lennine ratingfive the dimensions make it harder and even more challenging.
lenfortytwo ratingfour great game, very addictive but the only downside is that its very glitchy and still has some bugs on it.when i turn round a corner or move direction i sometimes do it when it lags meaning i die.needs an update!
lennine ratingfive one of the most ammazing game i ever played
lenthree ratingfive loveee this game!
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lensixteen ratingfive it was an awsome expreince of playing this game i want that more levels should come .
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing!
lensix ratingfive found a minor bug but, wow.
lenfifteen ratingfive i can't tell you because i have to run away from a giant monkey!
lenfive ratingfour it makes me so excited
lennine ratingfour temple run 2 is way better than the first one.
lennineteen ratingfour more interesting and better graphics but it sometimes lags on parts of the game and you end up dying.
lensixteen ratingfour but i would recommend it to anyone who has the patience to ignore that one issue.
lentwo ratingfive reached multiplier 41.
lentwo ratingfive looking ahead.
lenfour ratingfour fun game,  some lag
lenfour ratingfive very nice game ever!
leneight ratingfive i feels only that objectives are toooooo big!
lenfive ratingfive i like the rails car
lenseven ratingfive this is an awesome and addicting game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentytwo ratingfour an awesome game by imangi.however i cannot close it down.i hav to force close it.pls do something about it
lennine ratingfive templerun brave was really bad, but this tr2 is awesome
lenfive ratingfive nice game and no lagg
lenfour ratingone i cant download it
lenseven ratingone not working on my acer liquid e :-(
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentyfour ratingfive the game would be near perfect if there were an option to change the sensitivity as it's a bit insensitive to my phone.
lenfour ratingfour the games really awesome!
lenfive ratingfive better graphics than previous version
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive just having problem with tilt sensitivity.
lenthree ratingfive love the app!
lenfive ratingfive much better app. :-)  i like
lennine ratingfive one of the simplest and greatest games for android
lenthree ratingfive revamp is superb
lennine ratingfour it's a must play game for android users
leneleven ratingthree sumtyms crashes wen i use a gem 2 save myself.plzz fix
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics.
lenseven ratingthree nice.im having fun playing with it
leneight ratingfive is this verygood app i recommend for everyone.
lenfour ratingfive brings much more adventure !
lenthirtytwo ratingthree game needs to have a sensitivity option and during game play, there's a lot of times when you just fall through the ground when you know you've completed the jump.
lenseventeen ratingthree i'm a serious temple runner and i'd choose the first game over this any time.
lensix ratingfive the game is very awesome mahn.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is awesomesstt! :)  keep it up imangi studios :))
lentwo ratingfive stunning game !
lenthree ratingfour need some fixes.
lenseven ratingfour game ends if you receive a call.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise works perfectly
lenfive ratingfour good going, just like running.
leneleven ratingfive it's awesome game,i'm very much addicted to it
lennine ratingfour crashes when i die or when iclick save me
lenfive ratingfive this game is just awesome.
leneight ratingfive great game.lots of improvements over temple run
lensixteen ratingfour played but game not fitting in the screen so i am not able to play properly
lenthree ratingfive its nice game.
lenten ratingfour some time use gems revive wil stuck n jump out
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i initially rated this game 5 stars n i was pretty happy abt d game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo but as i kept playing, the game started to lag like never before.
lensixteen ratingtwo uninstalled and then installed it thinking it was my problem but the same problem kept persisting.
lentwenty ratingtwo this game has become horrible in such a way that it completely becomes unresponsive at times, lags a lot lot!
lensix ratingtwo finally decided to remove dis game.
leneighteen ratingtwo i wonder for a game which is hardly 35mb, cant a 1ghz processor run it smooth even with gpu enabled.
lenfour ratingtwo 2gb games run way smoother.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great grafics
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm not a big fan of temple run but this game is different.
lennine ratingfive developers have made it more versatile.go for it :-)
leneleven ratingtwo very good game, but it's pretty useless on xperia sola.
lenfourteen ratingtwo the game automatically turns floating touch on, even if it's disabled in settings.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i doubt that developers will look at the problem which affects only one phone, but believe me many are like this
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, im in love wth it.
lentwo ratingone phone freezes!
lenten ratingfive easily the best edition yet, the upgrade system is gre
lentwentyone ratingfour this game is fun to play, it gives me and my brother have fun playing with it and to my iphone 5!
leneight ratingfive hatsss off to the brilliant game　　?love it!
leneight ratingfour this is a great sequel to the original.
leneighteen ratingfour speed mode even after running out will continue if it ran out while you were on the rope.
leneleven ratingfour i got objectives at same time 1mil distance once i finished 10mil points.
lenseven ratingfour better than temple run 1 and also good!
lenfifteen ratingfive wish i had time to see the art work .a demo run would be nice
lenseven ratingfour little bit harder than temple run one.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseven ratingfive good update of the device back button.
lenfive ratingfive adding the other star now
lentwelve ratingfour double the adventure and double the thrill, temple run 2 is really awesome.
lenfive ratingone always zoomed in on lg.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive its so much better than the first one and a lot more easier surprisingly.
leneight ratingfour its good but not great.still prefer pitfall.
lensixteen ratingfive the graphics are better, the level is more interesting and inspired and there are more features.
lenthree ratingthree lacks sensibilty options
lennineteen ratingfour when play the game will stop loading game chunks so then i fall of edge of nothing and die
lenten ratingtwo should have much bright animations, and could have beenuch better
lenfourteen ratingfive it is nice and i think the best than temple run brave think you
lenfive ratingfour would be better with checkpoints.
leneight ratingone don't even work on my htc desire
lenseven ratingfive back option fixed.so it deserve 5 starz.
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy tab
lensix ratingfive its jss amazing.jss join it ;) .**
lenthree ratingfive super and excellent
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive more difficult than before.
lennine ratingfour pretty cool at the biggening but the game sucks
lensixteen ratingone y can't it b downloded in a mini tablet.i really want to play it :(
lenfour ratingfive nice and new game
lentwelve ratingfive i love the new temple run (everyone would love a temple run 3)
lenthree ratingfive keeps getting better!
lentwo ratingfive totally addictive.
leneight ratingfive once again spending hours on this brilliant game.
lenfive ratingfive just hope they update content.
lenfour ratingfive brillant really enjoy playing.
lenthirteen ratingfive if you liked the first one then you are in for a treat.
lenthree ratingfive download very fun
lenfive ratingfive so interesting an beautiful graphics.
lenfive ratingfive works well in galaxy siii
leneight ratingone cannot start the game.keep crashing.fix it.
lentwentyeight ratingfive when the character falls down or bumps into something , the save alert box pops up , if i press the back key of the device twice , the game hangs .
lentwelve ratingfive then i have to force close it through settings or restart it.
lensixteen ratingfive other than this major bug the game is awesome and the graphics are good as well.
lenfour ratingfive enjoyed playing this game.
lenfive ratingfive 100 times better than temple run
lenfive ratingfive coins are easier to collect.
lennine ratingfive although i dont know what each powerup does yet.
lenfour ratingfive this is soo nice.
lenthirtynine ratingfive it doesnt give any problem and when it comes to the game, it is way better than temple run 1 as it has levels in it whereas temple run one starts from the beginning if we want to play it. :-)
lenthirteen ratingfive more intriguing graphics that give the feel that we are into the game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i never can be bothered to make review for anything but this one deserves it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome update !
lentwo ratingfive hav fun.
lentwelve ratingfour add facebook support so that i can post my score on facebook.
lentwo ratingfive awesome sequel
lenfive ratingfive i love the game :);):p
lenseven ratingfour ajust the sensitivity and fix the lag.
lentwentyone ratingfour also that bug when you sprint power runs out when you are on the rope and you run off the edge
lenseven ratingfive much more addictive then the previous one
leneight ratingthree they just copied pitfall, and pitfall is better!
lentwo ratingfive sweet game!
lenseven ratingfive its a beautiful graphic and nice gameplay!
lentwentythree ratingfive perfect, make sure you're device has a good charge and it won't be laggy, also close apps you don't need :)
lennineteen ratingfive please fix the bug so that i can play it.just get small screen and too conjusted to play.
lenthree ratingfour nice but lag:(
lenseven ratingfour been playing solid for two weeks now.
lenten ratingfour normally get bored with games but this keeping me interested.
lenfour ratingfive new game new fun
lensix ratingfive it's sooo great n smooth.
lenfive ratingfive tough like i like it!
lentwentytwo ratingthree i rate 3 cause of some times it hang on my device sony xperia neo v other wise it's a awesome gameb-).
lentwenty ratingfive .could do with the tilt sensitivity being increased a little (or at least giving us the option to change it).
lennine ratingfive however, works and looks absolutely great on the note 2.
lenseven ratingfive a worthy sequel to the original game.
lennine ratingfour this game is a good game to the sequel.
lenfour ratingfour very fun and suspenseful.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is soooo much better than temple run u hv 2 get it.i can't wait 2 c what they come up with next 8)
lentwo ratingfive awsom game
lenthree ratingfour loving this game.
lenthirteen ratingthree on the iphone and nexus tablet, this game is of very high quality.
lentwentyfour ratingthree however on my phone, the htc one v, this game is constantly lagging and freezing, making it impossible to play for more than 3 minutes.
lenfifteen ratingthree please fix this so i can enjoy playing this game as much as everyone else.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfive so cool new game :)
lensix ratingfive superv n excellent.never see ever.
lensix ratingfive great game better than the 1st one
lensix ratingfive yes finally good game love it
leneight ratingthree very nic game i like  and very interestig
lenfour ratingfive greeeat ive been waitinggg
lenthree ratingfive faadu game dud
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is awesome better then the first i cant describe it because its so awesome and i think i will
lensix ratingthree pitfall is better than temple run
leneight ratingfive great game, somehow even better than the first.
lensix ratingfive smooth, fluid graphics and challenging gameplay.
lensix ratingfive the gems are a nice touch.
lentwentythree ratingfive only problem so far is a glitch causing the runner to fly sideways when the path goes thin towards the edge, causing death.
lensix ratingfive nice love to play the game
lenfour ratingfive more addicting than crack
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best game ever better graphics and cool new power ups.
lenfive ratingfive but it needs more characters.
lenfive ratingfive love it what an improvement
lenfive ratingfive awesome game im completly addicted
lentwo ratingone veeeeeeeeeeeery bad.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensix ratingone i loved the first temple run.
lenten ratingone this one is way too laggy and the tilt sucks.
lentwelve ratingone some obstacles are next to impossible to get past, like double waterfalls.
lenseven ratingfive wt a fantastc game no borin good
lensixteen ratingfive i like this game so much that i can play it for 3 hours without goeing anywhere.
lensixteen ratingfour very fun definently a way to waste some time like at a waiting room or soim
leneleven ratingfive this game is very addictive, love it, better than temple run.
lenfourteen ratingtwo this game doesnt react when you swipe you finger or even tilt the phone.
lenfour ratingtwo kinda like it lags.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is excellent
lensix ratingfour better graphics and cool new obstacles.
lenthree ratingfour munches battery though!
leneight ratingfive lived up to expectations, plays smoothly, good graphics.
lennine ratingfive added touch of curving roads and carts is excellent.
lentwo ratingtwo great game.
lenseven ratingtwo need to improve on the lag smh
lenfive ratingfive i rarely rate an app.
lenfive ratingfive but this is worth rating.
lenten ratingfive i absolutely love this game way better than the first!
lensix ratingfive very.owsum game.love it guyzz.!
lentwo ratingfive nice game. . .
leneleven ratingfive this version is, by far, much better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive enjoyed it a lot. ;)
lenfour ratingfive and soooooo much fun!
lenfour ratingfive hours of running fun.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
leneleven ratingtwo the graphics have improved with this game, but not much else.
lentwelve ratingtwo the controls are too sensitive allowing no room for error or adjustment.
lenfifteen ratingtwo that becomes very frustrating after a while making the game not much fun to play.
lenseventeen ratingtwo please improve certain things here and there to make a game worthy of the name temple run.
lenten ratingfour the game is amazing but has a lot of lags
lentwentyfive ratingfive loving all of it, but needs a tilt sensitivity setting desperately, doesn't feel as responsive as the first one by quite a large margin.
lenseven ratingthree gets very frustrating at stupid impossible jumps.
lennine ratingthree and i'm not a fan of the cart.
lenseven ratingthree but the coins are costly for me .
lenfive ratingfive awesome mobile game get ut
lennine ratingfive this update to the original run is well done.
lenthirteen ratingfive so much for my phone making it a day without needing a charge.
lentwelve ratingthree a little difficult to spot the booty in a sea of yellow.
lenfive ratingthree graphics could have been better.
lenfive ratingthree otherwise am improved temple run.
lenseven ratingfive super i was waiting for temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingtwo i like the game but it won't open up after i play it a couple times
lentwelve ratingfive takes a bit of gettin used to, but its still as addictive!
lenthirteen ratingone not fit to the screen of lg e400 phones, i'm gonna uninstall it.
lentwentyone ratingone so sad! :( please update, i really want to play this game, i give 5 stars if the dev's fix it. thanks
lenfourteen ratingfive so much better than the first one, i recommend that you get this one !
lentwo ratingfive temple rock
lenfive ratingfour but its hard to play.
lenseven ratingone why it dosnt work on my mobile ?
lenfive ratingone isnt mine enough smart phone ?
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthirteen ratingfive this game it's a lot better than i thought it would be.
lensix ratingfive it defenetly wasn't a disappointment!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwentytwo ratingone when i download it to my samsung infuse, i click on it and it just closes by itself to my home screen
lenfive ratingfive beautifull game aweaome on galaxy tab2
lenten ratingfour good game i really like it except when it freezes. . .
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playin it
lentwo ratingfive wow tempel run2
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting
lennine ratingfour better than the first one , alllllllll the way better .
lentwo ratingfour great ggame
lenthirteen ratingfive i downloadd this game and deleted all others this one itself is enough
lenseven ratingfive i play it everyday, great past time.
lenfive ratingfive very nice i like it
lenfour ratingfive excellent visual wonderful game
lenfive ratingfive freak man very addictive game
lensix ratingfive i like this game.work great
lenthirtytwo ratingone the screen appears 2 be big in my phone.pls pls pls fix it.samsung pocket and i cant play the game properly.plsss fix i really want 2 play this game.pls fix
lentwo ratingfive massively awesome!
lenten ratingfive me and the lads loved it and craving for more!
lenthirteen ratingone using galaxy s3 running jelly bean and the graphics seem to lagg a bit
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingfive aside the graphic improvement, new rules, character and unlockables makes the game more challenging.
lenten ratingfive i love how the game improve from the previous installment.
lenfive ratingfive this game is really amazing.
lenseven ratingfour won't load at all anyone help?!?
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one.
leneighteen ratingfive i didn't even play the first one very much, but i play this game all the time.
lenthirteen ratingfive the first time i see this kind of game,it is very exciting!
lentwelve ratingfive this game should be given the award for the best running game!
lenfive ratingfive keep it up imangi studios!
lenseven ratingfive don't play this game it adictive
leneleven ratingfive when you have an awesome score (like 10,000,000) it lags like hell.
lenfifteen ratingfive if you guys fix this problem i will be the happiest player in the world.
lentwentyone ratingtwo the game crashes as soon as i try to play this needs to be fix i'm not the only one
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive omg like this is one of the best games i have ever played!
lenten ratingfive it is much more fun than the first temple run!
lenfour ratingfive definitely install this app! <3
lenfive ratingfive i just adore this game
lenthree ratingfive great great game
lenseven ratingthree its fun but only if it coaperates
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best android game ever.
lentwo ratingfive game: awesome
lenten ratingfive this game is a great improvement on the last game.
lentwelve ratingfive much more entertaining in terms of the level design and actual play.
lenthree ratingfive great time waster ;) .
lensixteen ratingfive wasn't expecting to like tr2, but the new additions and altered perspective really won me over.
lensix ratingfive excellents graphics, very fun to play.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfifteen ratingone evry time i wana play it doesnt open won let me play it force closes
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentyeight ratingfive it has definitely improved from temple run i. as soon as it came out i had to download it, and now i can't put my phone down.
lentwentythree ratingfour great ol temple run with better graphics, more abilities and power ups, and more areas that make the game a bit more dynamic.
lensixteen ratingfour however, i don't understand why there are limited menu options when you pause the game.
lenthirteen ratingfour you can't even check your objectives in the middle of a game!
lentwenty ratingfour also, it would be so much better if they included ladder rankings with your friends via fb, twitter, contacts, etc.
lenfive ratingfive well done sequale.temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive best game everrr
lenseventeen ratingfour good game i love it it just need more upgrades but really good game i rate it 4
lentwentyfour ratingfive great this game is so totally awesome i play it all the time although i wish there would be more characters i give it 4.5
lenten ratingfive it's so more good then the old temple run.
lenthirtynine ratingtwo i have a kyocera rise and i've tried and tried to install this but it keeps coming up with the error message package file invalid,i loved the fist temple run,i would love to play this one.
lenten ratingfour this game is way better than the first temple run.
lensixteen ratingfour if you didn't like the first one than you might not like this one too.
lenseven ratingfive perfect but 1 complaint that needs more characters
lenfifteen ratingfour game is great but my coins keep amount keep going away what up with that?
lenfive ratingone this game will not load
leneleven ratingthree i will give it 5 stars when they fix the extreme lag.
lenfifteen ratingthree but until then i will stop running off cliffs when i clearly swiped on time.
lennine ratingfour it spams the phone but the game is fun!
lentwentynine ratingtwo awesome but i had bought the 50k pack twice and money was taken but it didn't register in game planned on spending 5 spent 10 and still didn't get coins :/
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseventeen ratingfour i have been having trouble with it just randomly exiting me out when want to use gems :(
lenfour ratingfive its amazing good graphic
lenthirtytwo ratingone i dont know if it's my phone or the game but it flags too much, and sometimes whenever i use save me it just takes the gem and restarts the game.
lentwentyfive ratingfive love the game, but make the tilt more sensitive so i don't have to turn my phone 90 degrees just to go to the left. ;-)
lenseven ratingfive better than subway suffer and temple run 1
lentwelve ratingthree if you liked the first, this is a more polished updated version.
leneleven ratingthree though i have hit a glitch with the last objective "circumnavigatior"
lensix ratingthree it appeared twice on my list.
lennine ratingthree after finishing it, it only cleared one of them.
lenfourteen ratingthree now i have two objectives for earn a million coins, and a frozen circumnavigation.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are much better.
lenfourteen ratingfive ironic that i'm so much better at temple run 2 than the first one.
lensix ratingfive best temple run 2 version game ever
lenseven ratingfive great upgrades from the first temple run!
lensix ratingfive xlnt game better than temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive only problem is that there are too too too many brick wall obstacles.
lenseven ratingfive a lot better then the first one :-)
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to this game.
lensix ratingone glitches in the program when running.
lenfourteen ratingone and my coins reset just when i start to get a lot of them.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lensix ratingfive amazing #1 was a success so is #2
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfour super fun , addictive and the best is free yes
lenten ratingfive i love the changes, the graphics.it is very addictive
lentwentyeight ratingfour i love this game the only problem i have is when i try to use gems it glitches then takes all my gems and says im -1 for gems
lenthirtynine ratingfive rarely do i ever review a game.this game is just fantastic.the real fun comes when you try to beat your friends high scores.one minor complaint is that it lags sometimes.5/5.a really rare rating from me.
lenthree ratingfive running is fun
lentwo ratingfour greate performance
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this is a great sequel to the first temple run,and you probably should fix the lag on the turning and jumping,but still a fun game
lenfive ratingfive extremely addictive i love it!
lenfourteen ratingone imangi studios comes up and then the game wont load on my lg thrill!
lensixteen ratingone would be a great game but now just 1 star since it womt work on my device.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics and layout are leaps and bounds ;-) ahead of the first edition!
lentwentyfive ratingfive the same simple yet addictive game play ramped up to max and so much more fun with the challenging, exciting new surprises in your path.
lenfive ratingfive absolutely a no miss freebie!
lenseventeen ratingfive perfect, has the same qualities as 1 but improves on them greatly with also adding some new obsticles
leneight ratingtwo it crashes every time on my lg connect
lentwenty ratingtwo it's a great idea but it needs to be re done because it has an awful lot of glitches
lenfive ratingfive its one fun addicting game
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfive ratingfour like it, fun to play.
lenfive ratingfive i f***king love it.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive nice game n thriller. :)
lenfive ratingfive awesome i love the challenge
leneight ratingfive love the gems addition and what they do.
lennine ratingfive the new graphics are also a big step up.
lentwentythree ratingfive only major issue i've found is that it'll completely crash and exit the game sometimes when you use the "save me!"
lennine ratingthree especially when choosing a gem to continue a game.
lenseventeen ratingthree if it wasn't for this and some minor glitches it would be a five star game.
lentwo ratingthree droid phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive i didn't like the first temple run, but after i played this new one!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome
lenseven ratingfive great job this game is the best!
lenfour ratingfive very fun love it
lensix ratingfive really enjoy playing the new version.
lenten ratingfive much more fun not boring at all like temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i like the new theme and colors.
leneighteen ratingfive this one is very fun, it freezes sometimes but other than that, my children and i loves it.
lenseventeen ratingfive it is so aswame i like the mega monky, the rails, and thr new character carma girl.
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is so fun i insist you get this game if you like the first  temple run then your  going  to love this one.
lentwentyseven ratingfour at first i was to impressed but after i gave it a chance it's a move time waster and a quick pick up and play game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics is great
lentwelve ratingfive tried  to avoid downloading these but now i'm glad i did.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive more addictive than the previous one.
lenseven ratingfive extremely awesome graphics and hard to drive.
lennine ratingfive this is the running game i love this game
lenthree ratingfive lol love it
lennine ratingfive for cordi and mike, best buddies to play together.
lentwentythree ratingthree it's not that i don't like the game, it's just that i hate restarting and its still the same pattern.
lentwenty ratingthree i wish they would take a hint from the pitfall game and have a lot of different states and scenes.
lenseven ratingthree pitfall is by far the best game
lensix ratingfive excellent game.better than previous version
lennine ratingfour very fun game, much improved on over the first.
lenthirty ratingfour graphics are awesome when cranked all the way up, though i feel like the game can run a bit faster as there are  some small stutters, even on my nexus 4.
leneighteen ratingfour also sensitivity on the nexus 4 seems to be really stiff, hope this gets fixed in the next update.
lenfive ratingfour other than that amazing game.
lennine ratingone this is the worst game ever then i thought
lennine ratingfive i love it.its a breath of fresh air
lensix ratingfive i loved it .it was amazing
lenfifteen ratingtwo game is fun but lags and crashes constantly if fixed would be a great game
lenseven ratingfour new ideas in the game loved it
lenseven ratingone it lags to much on my android.
lensixteen ratingtwo freeze when playing hard to gauge on the turns temple run 1 is a better version 2 sucks
lenfiftytwo ratingthree it's super fun and i loved the first temple run, but sometimes when i play or when i try to load the app, it just closes itself and i can't even play it usually gets stuck at the imangi studio loading screen and then just closes out of the app.
leneight ratingthree please fix this then i'll give 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfour brilliant game!
lenseventeen ratingfour you can't change the sensitivity on it like you was able to on the first one.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour another problem that ive noticed is that now everytime i play a game is crashes and it would t let me collect the power ups, sort it here issues out asap please!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive great game if ur bored!
leneleven ratingfive i only wish they can make an update with more characters
lensix ratingthree fun game, constantly misinterprets my gestures.
lenthree ratingfive easy but diffulct
lenfour ratingone i opened, force close.
lenfifteen ratingfive this games super great to play it kills time but it is a fun game
lentwentynine ratingfive by taking a look at trailer people think it is easy but it is so thrilling.i made in subway surfers 35 lakhs but this templerun,brave,temple run2 are awesome
lenseventeen ratingone i am missing coins quite often, i am using s3 and galaxy tab, both have the same problem?
lensix ratingone can you guys fix it soon?
lenthree ratingone else its 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfour it looks sooooooooooooooo fun
leneight ratingfive i love this more than the first one!
lenthirtynine ratingfive they really take advantage of the motion sensors in the newest saga along with better 3d graphics make it a must have for any fan of temple run 1 highly addictive is temple run 2 and definitely an upgrade from the original .
lenfive ratingfive looks good on my note 2
lenfour ratingfour the graphics are crazy!
lenten ratingfour i rate it 4 stars, because i like the 1st one better.
leneight ratingfive it is awesome i saw lots of pictures
lensix ratingfive this game os so much fun.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenten ratingfive this is a really addictive game and i luv it!
lenfive ratingfive another best from imangi studios!
lennine ratingfour its a great game but keeps closing plz fix
leneleven ratingfive this game is so awesome i love it i play to 24-7
lenfour ratingfive best game ever xd
lenseventeen ratingthree there is really annoying lag that always happens when your swiping up down or left and right.
lenfive ratingfive i like playing this game
lenten ratingfour it was really cool but temple run 1 is my favorite!
lensix ratingfive imangi studios have stepped it up!
lenfive ratingfive temple run 3 is in space!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseven ratingone i can't tilt with this game.
lenfive ratingone i have a galaxy note 2.
leneleven ratingone the tilt works for original temple run but not temple run 2.
lentwentyfive ratingone i think its really weird and dicusting it always farts on me so ya and it always burbs at the and that is so gross !
lenthirtyone ratingone it also has this messed up guy namaed weirdoa nd he is like messed up and he sjould be firef qmd u know what i think the game should be eliminated !
lensix ratingfive waiting for temple run 3  juz awsome .
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfive didn't think it could get better
leneighteen ratingthree i wish that the lag and the sensitivity would get fixed, and the objectives could be completed randomly.
lensix ratingthree i still enjoy playing it though
lensix ratingfive i wanna see a temple run 3 ,!
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun.
lensixteen ratingfive i think it is a lot better then the first one and it is more fun
lensix ratingfive love this game its the best
leneighteen ratingfive i believe that temple run two is absolutely better than one especially the gold mines it's different.
lenten ratingfive i thank this game it help improve your focus level.
lenseven ratingfive waay better than the original temple run
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lensix ratingfive good game, better than the first.
lensix ratingfive wish it had more characters though.
leneight ratingfive awesome game, a good way too pass time.
lentwo ratingfour ya ya
lennineteen ratingfive i used to steal my sisters iphone just to play this now they have it for android.its oovvaayy.
lenten ratingone this game pauses on ?image for ?couple seconds then closes.
lensix ratingfive minor tilt problem but great game
lenfourteen ratingfour i like the game, plays much better and feels better, except for the sensitivity.
lennineteen ratingfour it is god awful, i literally have to tilt the screen away from myself in order to tilt correctly.
lentwenty ratingfour also, it tends to freeze for a second and when it unfreezes i automatically die because i cannot control it.
lennineteen ratingfive hi i'm glad u made this gamw i'm playin it right now  i played it all night
lenthirteen ratingfive man this is so nice it is way cooler then the older version
lentwo ratingfive love  adventure .
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
lensixteen ratingfive just as addicting as the first, but with new powers to throw in a little spin!
lenfive ratingfive love this game yeaaah baby
leneight ratingfive so smooth and awesome features.totally love it
lenfourteen ratingfive although,this game is tougher than the 1st,the play is still fun and addictive.
lentwelve ratingfive you don't want to put your phone down after starting it.
lenfiftyfive ratingfive now,with that being said,the up and down rolling like screen can make it hard to see,at times as well as it being as green as it is,turning corners can be hard to see but that's not enough to give it less than 5 stars.did i mention its free as well?
leneleven ratingfive it so really exelent  cause game and schooling is  for fun
lenthree ratingfive simply put: epic.
lensixteen ratingfive however can you please fix the glitch where you can't use life gems after 3million points.
leneleven ratingfive it freezes up if you try and you lose your progress.
lenthree ratingfive its highly annoying.
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm really in love with this game no matter how much i die !
lenfour ratingfive new feature/new terrain.
lenfour ratingfive really enjoyable and addictive :)
leneight ratingfive solid graphics, smooth on my device (one x).
lenten ratingfive cool but i think u should add more color coins
lenten ratingfive i love this gamesbit is sooooo better than subway surf
lensix ratingfive better then the first one lbs
lenthirteen ratingfour i jumped while having my phone tilt and he jumped off the screen.
lenseven ratingfive best when takin a chew n poo
lenten ratingfive when i start the app is the best game  ever
lenfour ratingfive i like it alot
lenfour ratingfour this game is amazing!
lentwentyone ratingfour the only thing that keeps me from giving a full five stars is it runs high on memory and can lag.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise, its a great sequel!
lenfive ratingfive dang that game was aswome! :-)
lenthree ratingfive fun, fun fun!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool!
leneighteen ratingfive i had no idea they had a second version until it said "get temple run 2 now for free!"
lenseven ratingfive while i was playing the first version.
lensixteen ratingfive so i totally got it and it is the best app i have on my tablet!
lenseventeen ratingfive i am so glad it appeared on my tablet.it rocks! :-) you should totally get this app!
lenthirteen ratingone after download , i see it does not working  so i will gave 0 star
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game
leneight ratingone everytime i open this app, it force-closes!
leneleven ratingone i've been waiting for this app for a looooooong time.
leneleven ratingfive if you liked the previous game, you'll love this one!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original
lenfifteen ratingone i love temple run but i played once and now i can't play anymore
lentwenty ratingfive and i thought that nothing could get better than the original temple run, but this game completely proves me wrong  :)
lensix ratingfive i liked 1 better its too laggy
lensix ratingfive wayy better that the first one
lensix ratingfour great game to pass the time.
lenseven ratingfour in like the improvements from the original.
lenseventeen ratingone i can download and open it, but all it shows is the imangi screen then closes out.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneighteen ratingfour i love temple run, but every time i exit out of the app, it turns my phone off.
lenfifteen ratingthree i love this game until it started not opening for me plz fix the problem
lenfour ratingfive it os so cool
lenseven ratingfour awesome follow up to the previous game.
leneighteen ratingfour i am having issues with the game force closing when i try to use the save me feature.
lentwentysix ratingfour doesn't happen every time but enough that it is frustrating because i end up losing the coins and objective i completed because it forced closed.
lentwo ratingfour droid razr.
lenthirtyfour ratingone i first loved it and played it nonstop but now it won't load i will wait a long time obly to see it refresh my entire phone everytime i try to open it.
leneighteen ratingtwo i like the game its fun and epic but it lags so much and its kind of anoying
lennine ratingfive now all android need is the csr racing game
lenfive ratingfive awesome great entertaining play it.
lenthree ratingfive cool time waister
lenthirteen ratingone its ok mine lags all the time and just has bad reaction time
leneight ratingfive better and more addicting than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive tnx for the free game!
lenten ratingtwo can't adjust sensitivity for moving like first game.boooooooo.
leneight ratingtwo i have to turn my phone practically sideways!
lenthree ratingfive verry interesting game
leneight ratingfive its much more exciting than the tr one.
leneleven ratingfive tr 2 will be the best game ever played on any device.
lenseventeen ratingthree the game is very glichy and i end up dieing like instantly on the first rope jump
lentwo ratingfive nice fydgyhjggjbgfrk
lentwelve ratingfive i really enjoy this game, but i still prefer temple run though.
lensix ratingfive beautiful game, exciting at every level
lentwelve ratingfive one of the best games i have .play it all the time
lenfour ratingfour i like the game
lentwelve ratingone during the game, the screen went white and then the game exited.
lennine ratingone i reopened the game and my data was erased.
lenfive ratingone not gonna bother playing again.
lentwentyfour ratingfive omg thid is so much better yhan the first, i am so eo addicted to it.anyone who has the chance , beaware addictive ?:dx):);)=)?
lenfive ratingthree its okay but sorta hard
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
leneight ratingfive this is so much better than temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfive a much better improvement from last time
lensix ratingone wont go passed the first screen.
lenfourteen ratingfour same addictive game play as before, but now with fresh environments and objective system.
lennineteen ratingfour it is a new release so there are a few lingering bugs that prevent it from being five stars.
lentwentyfive ratingfour when the speed buff wears off on the zip line, you lose the invulnerability but keep going at high speeds, making it hard to react.
lentwentyone ratingfour also picking up a power up when you already have the same active should refresh the duration imo, not be ignored.
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneight ratingfive finally temple run 2 this game is fun tho
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game!
lensix ratingfive thank you for making a sequel.
lensix ratingfive you really need to download it.
lenfifteen ratingfive i really enjoy temple run two, i like the new ways falls and mega monkey.
lensix ratingfive luv it the best game ever
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game not to mention its just like the first one but this one looks more adventurous. :)
lenthree ratingthree great new world.
lenthirteen ratingthree but the train part is boring and confusing because we dont see much.
lenten ratingthree there's some lag spike on my galaxy s3 approching corners.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwenty ratingthree this game has some glitches and as soon as soon as they are resolved this will ne a great game
lentwelve ratingthree i really really expected but i can't download it. :( gal s2 user
lenfive ratingtwo its soooo glitchy plleeaasse fix
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game it is my true love game in my whole life
lennine ratingfive luv this game so much i recommend soooooo much ; )
leneleven ratingone this game is the funnest but wont work on my phone.
lensix ratingone it won't let me play.
lenfifteen ratingone i click on the app then temple run comes up then 15seconds later it exist out.
leneight ratingfive good game , to bad i suck at it.
lentwelve ratingfive much better graphics, and you can actually do more than just run!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive i love dis game ,, way better den temple run .
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 where its @ ,,
lenfourteen ratingthree great game but it very choppy and glitches especially when u get past 4k meters.
lenthirteen ratingthree if the game gets a bug fix then i would change my rating.
lentwentyeight ratingthree really enjoy it :) but one of the objectives won't finish for me, the run 1,000,000 lifetime meters wont finish for me and i've ran 1,021,087 meters so far :(.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenfour ratingfive nicer than the previous 1
lensix ratingfive great game, better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive d freaking awesome
lentwenty ratingthree great game but needs either an option for sensitivity or a patch to bump up it over all so sluggish
lenthree ratingfive best game eva
lentwo ratingfive great apps!
lenfour ratingfive gliched but still nice
lentwentyseven ratingfive great sequel not much different although the timing of when to swipe takes a little getting used to and ocasionsl lag if i have many apps open
lenfour ratingfive <3 this game very challenging<3
lennineteen ratingone the game is awesome but on my phone it dont wanna work and ohh my friend phone it works :(
lennineteen ratingthree i have to admit, it's way better than the first temple run in terms of gameplay and environment.
lentwentynine ratingthree but it only gets 3 stars from me because it's unplayable on my xperia mini, lags like hell after playing for awhile and the tilt controls freezes a lot.
lentwenty ratingthree which means i gotta get a better phone to enjoy it, unlike the first one which i still enjoy playing.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love temple run 2!
lenthree ratingfive a wonderful update!
lensix ratingfive even more addicting than the first!
leneight ratingone the screen too big on my lg optimus
leneightyone ratingone the game is fun but since i'm great at math any you probably think us(your players) are stupid gamers just waisting their time, well i bought the coin doubler for 4.99 and i purposely got 5 coins to see if it worked, before hand i memorized how much coins i got and it says i got plus 5 which if i'm correct idk i'm only in algebra 2 i'm kinda stupid but 5x2 is 10 so yea i want my money back.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i'm enjoying of this app it's a perfect funny game made me eject some problem tnx to team temple run
lenseventeen ratingfive this appear is so addictive and they changed a lot of the stuff and made it better
lenseven ratingfive actually works on my pos gz commando
lenfive ratingfive epic temple run 2 is epic!
lenfive ratingthree subway surfers is way better
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingone everytime i open it, it closes right away.
lentwelve ratingone already tried to unstall and then install it again but guess what?
lennine ratingfive i love this game and i just downloaded it
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run :-)
lentwelve ratingone i can't rate the game because i haven't played it.
lensixteen ratingone i haven't played the game because everytime i load the application, my phone just freezes.
lenfourteen ratingone id give it such a high ating if i could actually play the game :/
lenfourteen ratingthree my sensation is lag when collect the coin, so it's shouldn't happen
lensix ratingfive great game love the power-ups
leneleven ratingfive it is awesome and fun i play it all the time
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenninetyseven ratingfour please can i get a refund for 150 gems which i havent recieved bought coins and got them but gems still havent come please fix or refund quickly other than that great game better than first with a few minor problems cant see obsticles quick enough as some of them come to quickly sometimes you get two together that you cant clear and while using boost if it finishes on zip line you continue at boost speed which is shocking if on a good run also when using your power ups they dont update when picking up more
lenten ratingfour this sequel is better than its predecessor on most aspects.
lennineteen ratingfour although it crashes on me sometimes every time i die and wanting to use the gem to resurrect myself.
lentwentytwo ratingfour please fix this asap because i don't want to run for 15k and get my progress erased due to the glitch again.
lentwentythree ratingthree i luv temple run 2 and its graphics but it takes away my coins like one time i had 100985 coins but now i have 316:(
lenfour ratingfive best game ever invented!
lenfour ratingfive its an awesome game
lentwentythree ratingone how come whenever i get past my high score and use a gem it force closes and it doesnt save.come on guys
leneight ratingfive love this game its  amazing and so addictive
lenthirteen ratingfour this app is fun definitely a step up from the first temple run.
leneighteen ratingfour hard at first but then you go to wanna do it over and over to get high scores.
leneight ratingone it get to the loading screen the closes
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it when a company actually improves their game in a big way!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive i love temple run2
lenfifteen ratingtwo this application can't be loaded on my phone, it just shuts off the application
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome game i love the new look and the game runs very smoothly
lenseven ratingfive .and tgat game was called tample run 1
lennineteen ratingone i dont like how it has the curves in the road timing is off still loading when playing to.
lenfourteen ratingone uninstalling subway surfer is way better if i could vote zero stars i would
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenfourteen ratingfour even better than the first but has trouble tilting i give it a four
lenthirteen ratingfour it lags a bit someone's but i think its just my phone
lenseven ratingone won't open on my samsung infuse 4g
lensix ratingfive cool game bro, make one again
lensix ratingthree this is an awesome addicting game
lenten ratingfive i love this same its way better then th?first
lenseven ratingthree good game overall but not enough sensitivity.
lensix ratingone purchased 50000 coins and never received them.
lenfive ratingone not gonna try purchasing again.
lenseven ratingfive works well on my crappy htc thunderbolt.
lenthree ratingfive fast and responsive.
lenfour ratingfive love the game, too.
lenfour ratingfive i loveeeeeee this game!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfourteen ratingfive it kills time and makes you actually feel like you're in the game!
lenthree ratingfive heack yes son
leneleven ratingthree really fun game and you can have hours of thumb sliding
leneleven ratingfive the tilt is so slow, allow us to change the sensitivity
leneleven ratingtwo lags to the point where i keep losing because of it.
lentwelve ratingtwo i'm running it on a gs3 so it's not the phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive loved the first one and this second one is just as great and fun
lenseven ratingfive it was fun , until it stopped workinq .
lentwelve ratingfour i love it but is real harder than the regular temple run
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfive i think this is a must have game for android phone users
lenten ratingfour really like this game, the music is really relaxing too!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfour the scenery is awesome, it's much smoother on android, much more fun.
leneight ratingfour however, you can't adjust the sensitivity settings!
lensix ratingfour that's terrible, i need it!
lenfive ratingfour yeah, that's really annoying.
lenfive ratingthree it is a nice game
lensix ratingfive best game ever in the galexy
lenseventeen ratingfive it kills time and for no reason addicting xd have fun updated better version of the first.
lentwentyseven ratingthree for some reason it's acting up it every time u turn it jumps and it jumps by it self some time yahoo need to fix dat -_- ._. .-.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is awesome but there is a bug when u try to revive urself please fix!
lennine ratingfive i love it its works perfectly and its fun!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingone nvr b as gud as the first 1
lenthree ratingfive the game ok !
leneight ratingthree won't tilt or turn and spazzes out.
lenfour ratingthree very hard to enjoy!
lennine ratingfive graphics, difficulty level,new powerups all are simply ossummm!
lenseven ratingfour good app but sometimes it freezes up.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun.
lentwo ratingfive soo fun
lenten ratingfour really addictive, great graphics and a great power up system
lenfive ratingfour good job but bit difficult.
lenten ratingfour it played then all of a sudden it stopped working
lenthree ratingfour a little laggy
lenfive ratingfive good game with good graphics.
lensix ratingfive looks great on note 2 big screen.
lenthree ratingfive great game.aa+++++
leneight ratingfive runs much smoother than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive even more addictive too.
lenfive ratingfive best game out lovin it.
lenfour ratingone uninstall, reinstall, freezes again.
leneight ratingone same thing 20 times and it still wont work!
lensix ratingfive so much better than temple run 1!
lensix ratingfive more challenging than the previous version
lenten ratingfive it is even better than the first one so cool :^)
lenthree ratingfour we want leaderboards!
lenthree ratingfour we want leaderboards!
leneight ratingfour please and its a six out of five :)
lentwentyone ratingfour the graphics are professionally created in a way that yiu yourself will be jumped out of your seat when u fall.
lenseven ratingfour however it lags so pls fix it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenthree ratingfive awesome addictive game!
lenthirteen ratingfive better than d previous one people at imangi studios u rock seriously! :) cheers!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are pretty good and the scenery is cool!
lennine ratingfive this game is to fun, no problems so far
lensix ratingfour nice game better den di last 1
lenthree ratingfour fun to play
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than the first.
lenseven ratingfive still a bit laggy but still great.
leneight ratingfive its a good and funtastic game than previous.
lennine ratingfive this game is super fun and twice as addicting!
lensix ratingfive twice as good as temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive omg it's perfect!
lenthree ratingfive im in love
lennine ratingfour am i.the only person whos coins keep disappearing?
lenfive ratingfour like i literally just lost 7000coins!
lennine ratingfour love this game but this is pissin me off
lenfive ratingfive looking forward to the next
lenfive ratingfive nice one .should install it
leneighteen ratingfive best game ever it was surprising that it was free very happy about this is a must have!
lenfive ratingfive fun challenging and addicting recommended :)
lennine ratingfive i hardly rate something unless that's the best
lenfour ratingfive i like the game .
lentwentytwo ratingtwo it keeps freezing and there are alot of glitches causing me to run into a wall and or fall off the edge
lenthree ratingfive cool and addicting
lentwelve ratingfour fun, but a bit un optimized, and lag spikes a few times.
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game
lenseven ratingfive great game with better adjustments and features.
lentwenty ratingfive honestly the best game ever they should continue to make more temple runs although they could've added more characters
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun
lensix ratingfive play this for awhile good app.
lenseventeen ratingone crashes in long runs when you use the 'save me' button but takes away the gems anyways.
lentwo ratingone truly infuriating.
leneight ratingtwo pros:great graphics and i love the sound.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo cons:toooo many glitches,freezes up,erased everything i earned,totally quits in the middle of a game without warning and unable to resume play.
lennine ratingtwo as is i rate two start but great potential.
lensix ratingfive this game is the most addicting.
lensix ratingfive very challenging and lots to unlock!
lenfour ratingfive strongly recommended downloading it.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original!
lenthree ratingthree very cool game.
lentwentynine ratingone when i am playing it glitches and does opposite then what i want it to then i die bc of the glitch love the game but this problem sux
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive a rarity indeed.a sequel better than the original.
lenseventeen ratingfive amazing work.not even one lag on my galaxy note.imangi studios.keep up the great work.
lentwo ratingfive upgraded version
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenforty ratingtwo does not work on my phone.i click the app and does not load i wait for it to load but then it vibrates 3 times and closes on its own please fix this my galaxy s 4g is on android froyo 2.2.1
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentyfive ratingfive now what this should be the best n free free game enjoy guyes.i wait for temple brave when it's free in app mkt.
leneighteen ratingthree it's okay but the guy is slow and not as fast but other than that its fun!
lenthree ratingone locks up phone.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive what can i say,,,, much better than the original.
lenseventeen ratingfive i recommend this game to any temple run fans it's free and better than the first!
lenseven ratingfive its an awesome game with great graphics.
lenseven ratingfive though not as smooth as temple run.
lenfive ratingfive expecting improvements in upcoming versions.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfour smooth at most times.
lenfour ratingfour yeah its great:-d
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneleven ratingfive this game is soo sick i love it better.well everything!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
leneight ratingfour this game ir pretty good definitely worth dowunlodin
leneight ratingone it takes long to download but its fun
lennine ratingfive you need to add more characters only 4 isnt enough!
lensix ratingfive also more worlds if u can?
lenfive ratingfive except that everything is okayy!
lennine ratingfive it is the one what i like to play.,.
lenseven ratingfour i am the beast at temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive sometimes it sticks just a little, but i love it!
lenseventeen ratingfive what a sequel.amazing game.much smoother and more battery efficient than the previous version as well
lentwenty ratingfive i am a big fan of the first temple run but it got boring because it was all the same.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome!
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics are better, the track is much more complex and difficult, and there's more things to unlock.
lenten ratingfive really addicted to this game and i highly recommend it.
lenten ratingfive love it soooo addicting and way better than the 1st 1 lol
lenseven ratingfive best game ever but freezes too much
lenseven ratingfive super cool except can't jump dive -_____-*
lenfortythree ratingfour when i start playing the game i use a speed boost i get and use my extra speed boost and after it runs out the runner get to go fast and am barely at 300 meters please fix this and give this five stars
lennine ratingfive i love this game way better than temple run
leneighteen ratingthree i would have gave it five starts but it doesn't react to turning, sliding, or jumping sometime.
lentwelve ratingthree it also lags some times fix this and it will have 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive it's cool running!
lenseven ratingone it doesnt let me swipe at all!
lenfour ratingthree i love the game.
lenthirteen ratingthree the graphics are awesome and it's a great challenge from the first.
lenseventeen ratingthree but the coins don't seem to accumulate which makes it impossible to save up for upgrades.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love the way the environment is unlike temple run(1) was this game take unexpected turns around corners that could lead to anything or anywhere
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive this game takes the original idea and makes it better.
leneighteen ratingfour the improvements to this game are windowing wouldn't even know it was made by the same developer!
lenthirteen ratingfour loading time is a little slow but other than that it's great
lentwelve ratingfour its batter then old one but whith some new stuff in it
lenfive ratingfive i completely njoy this update.
lenfive ratingfive cudn't find ny flaw.
lenfourteen ratingfive really if like the earlier version then this would become your most favroite game
lenseven ratingfive the best game created by imangi studio!
lensix ratingthree better dan 1st game graphics are excellent
leneight ratingfive its a rilly good game i love it !
lenseven ratingfive this game outdoes the first version 1000000000 to 1!
lenseven ratingfive graphics are amazing and controls are easy.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneleven ratingfour wish the sensitivity was a little better, new graphics are great.
lenten ratingfour the game is pretty good but it lags a bit.
lenten ratingfour also, the tilt action in temple run 1 is way better.
leneighteen ratingfour im very happy to play this game, but the view still boring, still same with first tmple run.
lenseven ratingfour i think still better temple run brave.
lensix ratingfour but for game, now is great
lensix ratingfive hard but getting use to it:)
lentwentyfive ratingfour much better than the original, easier to control characters and new colorful scenery, and the mining cart are some really cool upgrades in this version.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour it's great i love it but after i lose it once i try to open it again and it shows the start up but then goes black and redirects to my home screen
lensix ratingfive cool and significantly different from first.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive girls have boobs
lenfive ratingfive amazing game i love it
lenten ratingfive im better at temple run 1 my scores were up to 700, 000
lenseven ratingfive this is my favorite game great game
lentwentynine ratingfive the game has amazing details, there us more to the game, this is a very exicting game for the ipod touch, iphone, ipad, ipad mini, tablets, and smart phones.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i assume that which ever gets thus game made an amazing choice and shoutout to temple run 1&2 maker you are a brillient man/woman and i hope you make a temple run 3.
lenfive ratingfive awesome, entertaining, addictive and free!
lenfour ratingfive sooooooo fun better than #1
leneight ratingfour its so much better than the first game.
lensixteen ratingfour you can do so much more! :) but need to work on the phone turning sides thing.
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
leneleven ratingone im not saying that the game sucks, but thats the problem.
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i try to play it, it just stops running for some reason!
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i open it , it force close it wont even let me play .
lenten ratingone i uninstalled it three times and its still not working .
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyone ratingfive i never really liked temple run it was fun to play for a little bit but then i woild get bourd.
lenseventeen ratingfive but with temple run 2 and all the new stuff i love to play its a great game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthirtynine ratingone does not work everytime i try to play it it only loads the ingram sign and then crashes and i have deleted it 2 time and downloaded it 3 time still don't work and this is on the lg thrill
lenthirteen ratingfive great game, you can tell the programmers did very well on this game.
lenseven ratingfive but, i honestly don't like it.
leneighteen ratingfive just can't get the feel of it for some reason, can't play for longer than 10 minutes.
lentwelve ratingfive nic to ply tis gam in ma htc.graphic are really gud.
lennine ratingfour just started playing, but so far its pretty good.
lenten ratingthree i downloaded for my ten year old, she loves it.
leneleven ratingfive wife doesn't play video games but she is playing this.
lenseven ratingfive about to download it to her phone.
leneight ratingfive nice graphics very good quality on my tablet
lenten ratingfour i love the first temple run now i love both
lentwentyfive ratingfour the way you move the charactor is bad because i like level tilt instead of turn tilt so add a controls change in the settings.
lennine ratingfive the graphics are awesome, and it runs so perfectly.
lenseven ratingfive it's challenging, and i like that.
lensix ratingfive *las grficas son geniales, y muy perfecto.
lenthree ratingfive me encanto el 3d.
lensix ratingfive es poco difcil, y me gusta lo.
lenten ratingfive i can not stop playing this game i love it
lenseven ratingfive is so fun lol am loving it.
lenfourteen ratingfour better than part 1 but it contain some bug.please fix it.otherwise nice game.
lensix ratingfive keeps my attention, love the action !
lenseven ratingthree much more detailed  than the first one.
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the game but every time i jump, it goes ton the left and i die.
lennine ratingfour also, the game will not let me collect coins.
lenten ratingfour the game itself is fun but it has some glitches.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive best smart phone game ever!
leneight ratingfour great,  but with great quality comes great lag.
lenthree ratingfive nice and enjoy
lenseven ratingfive this new temple run is so awsome
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneleven ratingfive wtf i did 10m and my gamecrashed ,r  u serious ?on samsung s2
lenfourteen ratingfive love very much so awesome my 4 year old cousin introduced me to this game
lensix ratingfive really great upgrade from the original!
lentwo ratingfive pretty addicting
lenfortyfour ratingthree it works great when it actually lets me on the game the first couple of times i had no problem getting into the game, but then it would just go to my home screen so then i'd have to install and uninstall it.
lenfive ratingone it wont let me play!
leneleven ratingone and when it did let me play it was very sluggish
lenfour ratingfive great, love cartoony game
lenten ratingfive i played it on brothers phone i loved it awesome .
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenthirtyone ratingone bloody hell.i wz abl to download widot ny troubl howevr whn i clkc on da icon to play.it jst closes da game n brngs me bk to da menu :(
lenfour ratingfive nice game n thriller. :)
lentwo ratingfive anazingly gay
leneight ratingfive like everyone says its amazing on the galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive superb game play.
lensixteen ratingfive sounds like you need a quad-core phone or equivalent to really appreciate true game play.
lenten ratingfive as phones and tablets improve this game will truly appreciated :)
lenten ratingtwo i couldn't even open the game.not very happy.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree drags often, especially in the higher definition and for some reason game will flip upside-down when paused at times and an extensive understanding of how the game is played is my only gripe.
lenfive ratingthree i love this game otherwise.
lenfive ratingfive this game is the wave .
lenseven ratingfour itss ok. but sometimess it bhee freezingg
leneight ratingfour great just minor studders and glitches with game
lensix ratingfive xlnt game better than temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive only problem is that there are too too too many brick wall obstacles.
lenfourteen ratingfour graphics are amazing compared to the first one &, it's a lot more challenging
lenten ratingthree a three because it lags alot on my exhibit ii 4g.
lenten ratingthree it acts up and makes me fall threw the ground.
lenfortyseven ratingone i still prefer temple run only, i was expecting temple run 2 to be better but it's not really that cool, it's rapid and abrupt movements caused me say it and unrealistic movement by dangerous guy, if you are real gamer you wouldn't like it.
leneleven ratingone i never seen better games than temple run and subway surfer
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwentyfive ratingthree awesome game,  big improvement,  but when you try to come back after dying the game freezes then shuts down completely causing you to lose progress.
lenfive ratingfive runs well on the note 2!
lenfive ratingfive awesome.better then first one
lenseven ratingfive nice elevation changes, sharper graphics, better gameplay.
lenfiftyone ratingfive temple run is amazing game with many options, and now temple run 2 is also amazing with different options that are not found in temple run 1, anyway both are unique in their own way.:-)  and one request, why dont you guys can bring this available in blackberry os also huh, please:-):-):-d
lenseven ratingfive best running game out there hands down.
lenfour ratingthree it didnt work properly .
lenthirteen ratingthree when i move the phone left or right nothing happens with the game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lensix ratingfive awesome is just not the word!
lenfour ratingfive good job imangi studios
leneight ratingfour the game environment and additions are quite refreshing .
leneleven ratingfour only thing is that the motion sensitivity option should be added !
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingone the game wont oprn on my phone wtf! .
leneight ratingone this ish needs to be updated ot something
lennine ratingone takes time just for it to dowload and play.
lentwentysix ratingfour i don't know whether it is a bug or not but i noticed that my thousand of coins disappeared all of a sudden while playing.
lentwentythree ratingfour after playing it again and again and collected certain amount of coins it disappeared again and now i have only about few hundreds.
lenthree ratingfour no upgrades whatsoever.
lenseven ratingfour please fix it otherwise a good game.
lensix ratingone nt supporting my ph screen size
leneight ratingfive one of the greatest games ever, gets better.
lenthree ratingfive with temple run 2
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game and all the cool new features and the graphics are incredible.
lenfifteen ratingfive but the tilt sensitivity should be fixed because it doesn't tilt all the way
lenfour ratingfour wau better and funner
lenthree ratingfour good, fun game
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenfive ratingfive and a good time pass
leneleven ratingfive and i haven't played fun run since i downloaded it.
leneight ratingfive everyone should get this games point blank period.
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo please fix this it got 2 many lags and cockiees, it frezzes to much i can play lile that it its jumping alone ima give it 5 stars an a good review when yall fix rhis problems .
lenfive ratingthree i like temple run 1 better.
lenthree ratingthree is ok tho
lenthirtytwo ratingfour when you run out of invincible-super-fast whatever power up while on a rope for example, you lose invincibility, but when you hit the ground, the speed is still extremely fast.
lenfive ratingfour tldr; fun game, few glitches
lentwentyfive ratingtwo really fun game and better than the first, but framerate hiccups at critical moments at the lowest graphics and game crashes in the "save me"
lennine ratingtwo bugs are game breaking, hoping this gets fixed asap.
lentwo ratingtwo (droid razr)
lennine ratingfour but i found temple run 1 to have better graphics.
lenten ratingfour still, 2 has so many awesome additions that i forget that!
lenseventeen ratingone half the time i'm going to save me with gems it freezes and force suits them.
leneight ratingone good game but plaza fix this very annoying.
lenthree ratingfive game is great!
lensix ratingfive i found no probs with it.
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome everyone should have it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfour new scenary and powers complement already excellent gameplay.
leneight ratingfive its way better than the first its awsome!
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive bomb af ((;
lentwo ratingfour absolutely fantastic!
lenseven ratingfour much better graphics than the previous version.
lenfour ratingfive cool love more yeah
lenthree ratingfive wat a game. . .
leneleven ratingfive super, fantastic 3d effective animation surely do addict to play this game.
lenfive ratingfive it include tons of fun
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingfour great game fun & it changelling & passes the time when your bored
lenfour ratingthree absolutely hated this game.
lentwelve ratingthree heard so many good reviews but hadn't played it for myself.
lentwentyone ratingthree i ended up getting sick to my stomach and it felt as if i was having a seizure the entire time.
lenfour ratingthree nice graphics and controls.
lenfifteen ratingthree my only problem is, the camera automatically moved itself, that's what made me sick.
leneleven ratingthree the game is definitely not worth this headache i now have.
leneleven ratingfour fun game, but keep losing coins and cannot figure out why?
lentwentythree ratingfour can't find an explanation in the game.maybe a bit more of an explanation in the tutorial would be a good idea.
lenthirtysix ratingthree cmon imangi make it so we can adjust the sensitivity of tilting, it really sucks at the moment cuz i almost have to turn my phone to the side completely.please fix then ill give you 5stars
lenfour ratingthree needs a sensitiviy button.
leneleven ratingfour lags a bit smetimes but is alot better than the first
lenfour ratingfive good game and awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive worth getting.
lentwo ratingfour nccccccc broooo
lennine ratingone have to wait till next update because it crashes.
lensix ratingone temple run 2, you have failed me.
lensix ratingone like my status for a tbh.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfifteen ratingthree i love this game but almost every time i try to use a "save me"
lentwelve ratingthree it freezes up and exits the app and still take my gem!
lenthree ratingfive more than amazing!
leneighteen ratingfour sometimes i turn to the left or right and it does not move but it is still good
lenten ratingfive i prefer this version better than the regular temple run.
lensix ratingthree new tr2 game mechanics are cool though.
lennineteen ratingone i see my friends play it all the time but it doesnt work on my phone and constantly crashes.
lentwo ratingfive rocking game.
leneight ratingfive lookin forward for more apps from imangi studios.
lenfive ratingfive best game in temple run
lennine ratingfive was loving temple run and now love this too!
lentwelve ratingone it won't get past the imangi logo on my samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone it just sits there and force closes.
lentwelve ratingfour i don't know but i find temple run 1 better,my opinion .
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best game ever
lenfour ratingfive this game is cold
lenfortyfour ratingfive this game is very fun i love it but if i have a speed power up and get on the zip line when i get off i'm still running the same speed i was with the sprint power up and cannot control it.
leneighteen ratingfive also when jumping over ledges if i hit the other edge i fall instead of tripping please fix!
lenseven ratingfive other wise best game i ever played!
lensixteen ratingfive i was already in love with temple run and temple run 2 is like even more addictive.
lenthirteen ratingone the game wont let me play when i turn it on.needs update.
lenfifteen ratingone i was just playing on my htc evo 4g lte and accumulating thousands of coins happily.
lenthree ratingone gone, vanished, caput.
lenthirteen ratingone can someone please tell me why on earth this awful glitch is happening?
lennine ratingone please fix now or i will delete the game.
lennineteen ratingfive this game is so better then the other one it looks like ur really in the game so awesome!
leneight ratingfive very good when compared to its previous version
lenfive ratingfive it is fun and challenging.
lensix ratingfive it's awesome i love it
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive much harder and funner then temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive this game is really fun
lenfour ratingfive better than 1st temple run
leneleven ratingfour i really liked temple run, but this one is waaay cooler!
lenfive ratingfive nice and better then earlier.
lenthirtynine ratingfour after i download  it i can play it just fine but if i turn off my phone and turn it back on it goes to the first loading screen then exits out and goes to my phones home screen.
lenthree ratingfive super cool game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingone this game is so slow and it freeze!
lennine ratingfour lags too frequently at critical points to earn 5 stars.
lennine ratingfour delays observed both with draw speed and swipe detection.
lenseven ratingfour galaxy s3 sprint with stock 4.1.1  otherwise, great game!
lenfifteen ratingfour i enjoy endless running games and this is the best one i've played yet.
leneight ratingfive i had never played this type of game.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's 1 of the best games you could ever get please buy it so good
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
leneight ratingfive way better than the first in my opinion.
lenfourteen ratingthree please fix for lg thrill does not get past the opening page just freezes!
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooo awsome.
lenfive ratingfive i play it for hours.
lenseven ratingthree although , the tilt sensitivity could be better .
lennine ratingthree when you fix it i'll give you 5 stars .
lenfourteen ratingthree the game improved on some aspects but still becomes too derivative after a while
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lensix ratingfive im in love with the graphics.
lenseven ratingfive the new obstacles and objects are exciting!
leneleven ratingfive you should make a temple run 3 with more obstacles and objects.
lensix ratingfour beautiful presentation and addicting game play.
lentwentyfive ratingfour almost every aspect has been improved since the original so the removal of tilt sensitivity seems odd and can be frustrating the farther you run.
lenfour ratingfive its fun and addictive
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the app!
lenthirteen ratingthree but i am tired of restarting my mobile every time this game hangs.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's really interacting game i can't stop playing it on my ipad
lenseven ratingtwo only thing better is the giant monkey, :-)
lenten ratingfive great game, although i am not a great player yet.
lenfifteen ratingfive i have it on my tablet and phone and inplay it every where i go.
lenfourteen ratingone it just go's to the imangi studio logo thing  wast of my time
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenthirteen ratingthree would of been a 5 star game if they could get the glichs fixed
lenfive ratingfive love everything about this game!
lentwelve ratingfive if you could probably add even newer areas it'd be great!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it
lenten ratingfour temple run 2 is so much more fun than temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfour the landscape is more exciting and the game play itself is more variable and dynamic.
lensix ratingfive in this game on the tablet
lentwenty ratingone i can't play the game.whenever i try to play it'll take me back to my home page
lenfour ratingtwo its a awesome app
lentwo ratingfive smooth fps.
lentwo ratingfive overall excelent!
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi!
lenfive ratingone do not support lg e 400
lentwo ratingfive fun game~
lenseven ratingfive one of the best i've played
lensix ratingone dont even open waste of time!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game will take up as much of your time as you let it.
lenthirteen ratingfive do not try this game of you don't want to get addicted.
lenten ratingone i downloaded it but it doesn't want to open.
lenfour ratingone it keeps force closing.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's very rmfun but sometimes it won't load and it lags.
lenten ratingfive but its really fun and better than the first one.
lentwo ratingfour improve graphics
lenseventeen ratingfive its a really fun game better than the first on, for those who played the first one.
leneight ratingfive lot more upgrades and stuff, iwould get it.
lenthree ratingfive rate five starz :)
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
leneleven ratingfive brilliant quality,excellent graphics makes it the best of all games.
lenfour ratingfive deserves more than 5 star.
lensix ratingfive just can't stop playing it. :)
lenthree ratingfive finally something amazing
lenfive ratingfive really cool and awesome game :)
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool!(: w00t
leneight ratingfour game is good but directions r not clear
lentwelve ratingone downloaded app and it will not load please fix the problem fast
lenten ratingfour it's a good application but it is always crashing.
lenfour ratingfive best phone game ever ?
lenthree ratingfive much props yo!
lenseven ratingthree kind fun when your blown x) ahaha .
lenfifteen ratingthree i loved temple run 1 and this one is good too but a little bit unresponsive.
lenten ratingthree sometimes i try to turn but jump into a tree.
lenfourteen ratingthree sometimes i try to tilt the phone to avoid a pit and nothing happens.
lenfour ratingthree still fun besides that.
lenfive ratingtwo the tilt controls are awfull.
lennineteen ratingtwo i have to turn my phone completely sidways for my guy to get to the side of the path.
lennine ratingtwo mine cart escape thingy extremely hard cause of this.
lentwelve ratingtwo played in iphone and it was a smother in the tilt controls.
lenfifteen ratingtwo know its not ny phone cause it is the same on all my android stuff.
lentwelve ratingfive the game is fabulous bt we cannot share our score on facebook.
lensix ratingfive still i'll give 5 star's.
lenthree ratingfive wow absolutely amazing
lentwelve ratingfive awesome aesthetic improvements with the same catchy game play as the original.
leneleven ratingfour great game.graphics look way better.looking forward for temple run 3
lenfour ratingthree good but sometimes lag
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive such a fun game!
lenseven ratingfive great way to make the time pass.
lentwentyfive ratingfive now what this should be the best n free free game enjoy guyes.i wait for temple brave when it's free in app mkt.
lentwenty ratingtwo i have to give 2 stars for lack of sensitivity glitch game play some corners and jumps are hard to make .
lentwelve ratingthree theres lag and sometimes it doesnt register when i swipe the character.
lenseventeen ratingthree also when i choose to either save him with a gem or skip it freezes then crashes.
leneleven ratingthree so i lose all my coins that i collected that run.
lenseven ratingone keeps force closing.i wanna play but.!
lenfour ratingone i absolutely hate it
lentwentytwo ratingfive a few times well playing when i go to save my self it closes out on me and then takes gems away.
leneight ratingfive other then that i really enjoy the game
lenfive ratingfive its amazing game thanks alot
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome game, countless hours on the toilet, bus and during my boring classes haha.
lenfive ratingfive great game and better graphics!
lenseventeen ratingtwo i want to like this game, i really do, but there are so many bugs and glitches.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo speed-ups coupled with zip-lines means you stay at the sped up speed afterwards but with the caveat of no invincibility or auto-pathing.
lenseventeen ratingtwo save me constantly crashes, causing your gems to go into the negatives and not keeping your score.
lenfive ratingtwo numerous clipping issues with gaps.
lenfifteen ratingtwo if these bugs, and more, are fixed, i'll give this game a re-download.
lenfour ratingtwo until then, downloaders beware.
lenthree ratingfive love running games
lenten ratingfive this is the game that i was waiting for it .
lenfour ratingfive i love this game <3!
lentwentysix ratingfive the first part was very good and this is the best of all.i love to play hour an hour.thanks so much making such games.
lenfifteen ratingfour this game could use a few mre new ideas like th minecart ride and stuff
lennine ratingone doesn't work for my at&t galaxy nexus.
lennine ratingone just sits on the developers logo than force closes.
lentwentynine ratingfour absolutely amazing addicting awesome game,  would've given it three stars but i'm experiencing frequent crashing specially when i try and use a save me after 1.5 million points.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's happened a few times and i lose my highscore and my coins.
lensix ratingfour i'm using a galaxy tab 2.
lenthree ratingfive luv this game!
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lennine ratingfive this new temple run is awesome n the best
lennine ratingfive this is a great game danul dantanarayana-game creater
lenfive ratingone keeps crashing on my phone.
lensixteen ratingone it won't even get to the title screen before shutting down on my lg thrill.
lensix ratingone i will give more stars then.
lenten ratingfive this game is so addicting xd love the new effects (:
lenfive ratingfive nice running game,so amazing!
lenten ratingfour game is excellent but it is crashing randomly when resurrecting.
lenfourteen ratingfour which is cause loss of stats in that run and gems goes to negatives
lenfour ratingfive like the miz lol
lenthirteen ratingfive love it love it love it i deleted the first temple run lol
lenthirteen ratingthree i love this new game but it crashes everytime i tap save me
lenseven ratingfour the game play and graphics are great!
lenfifteen ratingfour however, noticed that this game makes my phone heat up very quickly and starts lagging.
lentwentytwo ratingfour nice game with great sound effects.a bit hard but addicting.people would sure enjoy this game.lags a bit but ok.
lenthree ratingfive needs more variation.
lentwentyfour ratingthree i love this game its so fun and addicting:d. but i got a virus from it though:/ so i had to uninstall. :c
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfour good as. great fun
leneight ratingone the game is slow and glitches totally sucks
lenfortythree ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)
lentwelve ratingfive i use micromax a25 it supports temple run 2, but resolution does not support .
lensix ratingfive how shall i change the resolution?
lenseven ratingfive quiet awesome 3d effect is much more impresive
lenseven ratingfive this is even better than temple run.
leneight ratingfive i like that you can level up awesooooooooommmmmeeeee!
lensix ratingfive it's just a awesome game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive far betta than temple run 1 and quite similar to a iphone game 'run with bare gills' and the game is a bit tough than earlier one and the graphics of caves in the game are extraordinary
leneighteen ratingone love the original game and can play that for hours, sadly this version makes me horribly motion sick.
leneight ratingone i don't even get sick when sailing!
lenfour ratingfive background locations are superb
lentwo ratingfive super addicting
lenfour ratingone bad tilt and control
lensixteen ratingone on my phone it will be at the beginning and then crash it don't work.
lentwelve ratingone my android plays other games but not this one or temple run.  :-(
lennine ratingfive love it the ropes the cave all of it
lenthree ratingfive definitely more challenging!
lentwentyeight ratingfour its a pretty nice game and a little bit hard but in comparison to temple run 1 it is better but temple run 1 was bit more realistic than this.
leneleven ratingfour has been playing the game non stop since it's release
leneleven ratingfive better then the original temple run.this give jewels while running.
lenthirteen ratingtwo this game is too laggy and its stupid need to fix it annoying
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfour ratingfive sooo fun and addicting
lenten ratingtwo temple run 1 was fun for me because of the simplicity.
lensix ratingtwo subway surfers is far more enjoyable.
lensix ratingfour a little input lag on note 2
lentwelve ratingfive i like this game and i allreddy got to tenthosend coin"s
lenfive ratingfive amazin game m luvin it
lentwentysix ratingfour i don't know whether it is a bug or not but i noticed that my thousand of coins disappeared all of a sudden while playing.
lentwentythree ratingfour after playing it again and again and collected certain amount of coins it disappeared again and now i have only about few hundreds.
lenthree ratingfour no upgrades whatsoever.
lenseven ratingfour please fix it otherwise a good game.
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original.
lenten ratingthree over sensitive and way too difficult compared to the original.
lentwelve ratingthree also can't adjust sensitivity like you can in the old version.
lensix ratingthree so frustrating i want to uninstall
leneighteen ratingfive i like the mine and how the map is windy instead of just straight it feels more realistic
lenfour ratingfive an absolute better sequel
lentwentythree ratingone i have downloaded and uninstalled the game multiple times and tried to start the game many times before uninstalling and redownloading, never works
lentwelve ratingfive i thought the first temple run was amazing.until i played this.
lenseven ratingfive they really upped the standards with this.
lenthirteen ratingfive new obstacles, better graphics, and more prizes and upgrades for longer replay value.
lenfour ratingfour it's more challenging.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original!
lennine ratingfive gets a little choppy occasionally, but totally worth downloading.
lenten ratingfive the first one was cool but this one is amazing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive la la la love this game :-)
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with improved features.
lentwentyone ratingfive its like crack, you try it once, and you keep coming back for more, and you dont even lose your teeth!
lenfour ratingfive very good game indeed
lenfive ratingfour and i like the mine.
lensix ratingfour the graphics are a lot better.
lenfifteen ratingfour have it on my iphone figure i get it here on my galaxy tab too
leneight ratingthree can b glitchy and freeze up at moments.
lennine ratingtwo when ever i come upon tiltting.it sucks d:
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfive ratingone it wouldnt let me download.
lenseven ratingone kept going back to google play store.
lensix ratingone wish i could play but uninstalling.
lenfifteen ratingfive just like the first one temple run two its amazing and better than its predecessor.
lentwentysix ratingfive the varying terrain makes for a much more interesting experience and the ability the slide on ropes and jump in mining cats keeps the game interesting.
lensix ratingthree pening kepala kalau main game ni lama2.
lensix ratingthree boleh rosak mata dan juling dibuatnya.
lenfive ratingthree apa pun kira mencabar gak.
lenfour ratingfour added alot but cool.
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 opens a new type of entertainment even though idea from first part stayed the same.
lenfive ratingfive superb update of the original.
leneight ratingfive improves all facets of an already great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneight ratingfive the game is way more enjoyable than before.
leneleven ratingtwo doesnt work for galaxy samsung s1 please fix, always crashes on me.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i played it on a different device and game is really good though.
lenthirtythree ratingone i've played it on my friends tablet but whenever i try to play it oj my device (android lg smartphone), the screen doesn't match mine and its impossible to do anything!
lenten ratingone starts up and crashes:( really need to fix that please!
lenthree ratingfive awezome game.brilliant!:)
lenten ratingthree it lags when you're about to make a turn.
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenthirty ratingfive i m rating it before playing as 1st temple run is more good i hope this one will be also good and it should not get hang on my fun book
lensix ratingfour nice visual but low in point
lenten ratingthree awesome game if it would stop freezing & then boot me.
lenthirteen ratingfive i like this game too much,  it help to improve concentration of brain.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i got kinda bored of the first temple run because the path is almost completley strait but in temple run two i like how it curves and has little hills to make it more intresting.
leneight ratingfive definitely enjoy it better than the first one
lentwo ratingfive absolutely fantastic
lentwelve ratingfive love this game, took too long to come to android market though.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwentyfour ratingone the game is not starting on my samsung galaxy r. whenever i click on the icon, the startup screen opens and the game freezes
lennine ratingfive makes you never want to play the old 1 again.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and looks very 3d!
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!
lenseven ratingone cant even dwnload it on  my phone
leneight ratingfive easier to play and the graphics are amazing.
lenthirteen ratingone i love this game.but its always stuck.to much bug.please fix.
lenthree ratingfive its amazing game.
lentwentythree ratingone like the game but have tried to buy gems and coins and they never show up but it still takes my money.wtf
lenseventeen ratingthree its ok but i think it had a lot of extra potential and like the first more    :-)
lenfour ratingfive must play this game!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfive temple run2 is definitely more challenging than the first, definitely addictive!
leneight ratingfive samsung galaxy s3 metropcs this game is cuffin awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive and i'm updating because added support for the device back button.
leneight ratingfive i love this game, its so addicting, & amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive they definitely did a good job(: more things added, & more enjoyable. definitely would recommend this to anyone!
lensix ratingfive great game but it freeze bad
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenthirteen ratingfour but there is an annoying glitch when i use a gem to continue.
lentwo ratingfour game restarts.
lensixteen ratingfive awesome graphics, no lag, nice bonuses and upgrades to keep people engaged for a looooooooong time.
lenfive ratingfive thumbs up to the developers.
lentwentytwo ratingfive only request is, on the android there is no exit button which we are normally used to have for almost all apps.
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool
lenthirteen ratingfour its like they took what was wrong with temple run and fixed it.
leneight ratingfour then they added all the features i wanted.
lensixteen ratingfour the accelerometer needs fixing, but i'm sure that'll be fixed in an update soon.
leneight ratingfour very addicting and fun but freezes a lot
lenfifteen ratingfive its very cool game i have temple run 1 but 2 is more fat better than 1 part :)
lenfive ratingfive a never ending running game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive i play it in class  24/7
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfive ratingfive its fun i love it.
leneight ratingfour great game love the additional challenges and upgrades
lentwo ratingfive amaze fest!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenseventeen ratingone it sick i lose all my money when i use a gem two times dont get it
lennine ratingfive even better than the first in graphics and enjoyment.
lennine ratingfive its way better i love the cart ride too
lensix ratingfour imangi does it again.highly addictive!.
lenfive ratingfour temple run brave.is stupid.
lentwo ratingfive nice game ! :)
lennine ratingfive the only mobile game i keep coming back to!
leneleven ratingthree when i play on my fiances iphone 5 it runs very smooth.
lennine ratingthree i love this game but cant stand the glitches.
lenfive ratingfour great game for wasting time.
lennine ratingfour scenery can get a bit samey after a while.
lenseven ratingthree good but keeps exiting my game :c
lenthree ratingfive best game evrr
lenfive ratingfive better quality than previous version
lensix ratingfive a huge improvement on the original!
lenfour ratingfive verry addictive, must have!
leneightythree ratingtwo i was doing a run and i got pretty far, i tried to use a save me but it didnt work and it froze and the game immediately closed, it happened a few times after that then it started to get annoying, i stopped the app restarted it, i got far again and used a save me and it worked a couple times and at this point i had gotten very far, i had just enough gems to use it one more time.
lentwentyone ratingtwo not only did i lose 4 gems but i didnt even get the 4k coins i collected during that run, please fix this
lenseven ratingfive made me ejackulate whn i first played
lenseven ratingfive it is incediblely fun and more adventures.
leneight ratingfive what about temple run 3 or maybe underwater escape?
lenfourteen ratingthree jst playin it over an over again to achive targets i hav already done .
lensix ratingthree t.r 1 was much more better
lenseven ratingfour work nicely in my sony xperia s
lensixteen ratingfive but the graphics should be more better and there should be no lags on my note
lentwo ratingfour amazing sequel.
leneleven ratingfour now you have the ability to engage power by double tapping.
lenseventeen ratingfour could be even better,if option to chose different power ups in a single game is there.
lentwelve ratingfour if you press back while on skip menu the game stucks there.
leneleven ratingfour cool game but need some fixing about hanging during using gems
lennineteen ratingfive if you thought temple 1 was good this one is on a new level; best game ever to hit android :)
lennine ratingfive i love it much better than the first edition ;)
leneight ratingthree this one is funnier than the previous one.
lentwentyfour ratingthree however the color of the floor and the coins is too alike that sometimes i cannot realize the coins and skip all of them :(
lenfive ratingfive cool please add more characters
lenthree ratingone this app sucks.
lennineteen ratingone it wont open it when i click on it and it will just go back on my home page
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun and fantastic
lenthree ratingfive im a workaholic.
lensix ratingfive but this game proved me wrong.
lenfive ratingfour it's fun ad great.
lenthree ratingfive verygood and awesome
lenten ratingfive fun game if u like number one get number two
lenfifteen ratingone looks like there is a glitch in my game and continues to mess me up
lentwentyone ratingthree i love this game but i have one issue when you are suppose to tilt your phone it doesn't work
leneighteen ratingone i download it and it wont play i delete it and redownload it and it still wont play
lennine ratingfive it's kinda like subway surfers and really addicting :)
lenseven ratingfive better than the first one its better
lenthree ratingfive nice time pass
lenseven ratingthree where's the promised windows phone version?
lennine ratingthree release wp8 version then this would be 5 stars for sure
lenfourteen ratingthree its not as good as temple run the original as it gets too confusing!
lennine ratingthree but the effects and the color usage is amazing.
leneight ratingthree its a very visually bright nd attractive game.
lentwo ratingfour nice sequel
lentwentyfour ratingfive in the old temple run, the view use to move everytime you ducked under a fallen tree or fire etc. it was so annoying.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 doesn't! :d
lentwentythree ratingtwo after collecting a large amount of coins, gems, objectives and upgrades, the game resets back to the beginning and loses all my progress!
lenthirteen ratingtwo i'm glad i didnt spend any money on the coins and gems!
lenfour ratingtwo otherwise, i love it.
leneighteen ratingone where are my coins going why is the amount of coins i have getting lower after each run?
lentwentyone ratingtwo the game is cool however i cant enjoy it that much coz its always showing me the "not responding,force close"
lentwo ratingtwo error msg.
lenthirty ratingone this game sucks it was fun but then all of a sudden you guys delete my stats and my unlocks you guys give me my stuff back ill give 5 stars.
leneleven ratingfive improved graphics, addictive, a super fun game to waste your time. :-)
lenfive ratingfive this game is very fun.
lentwenty ratingfive my 3 year old cuz plays it and my mom (31) plays it and i do too, we all say its awsome
leneleven ratingfour fun game, just as addictive as the first much harder though.
lenfive ratingfour completely differed setting well designed!
leneleven ratingfive there is a bug, lost all my coins to zero thrice.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i was trying to collect 5k coins to upgrade but as soon as the coins are more than 2.5k, they vanish away and i hate that.
lentwentyeight ratingfour its good but nt better tha the 1st one its to fast the ground colour as tb changed it s mixed with the walls its difficult to make out.
lenfive ratingthree it's alright but weird
lenseven ratingfour absolutely stellar sequel to tr1, but still buggy.
lenseventeen ratingfour the game play is improved from the last game other than random bugs that make games difficult.
lenten ratingfive very challenging game and it makes me addicted to it. :)
lenthree ratingfive much more exciting.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lensix ratingthree i was expecting something better upgraded.
lenseventeen ratingthree the game cuts out unexpectedly from time to time and a lot of quick freezing going on.
lenfifteen ratingthree if you can get these glitches fixed i will be happy to change my rating
leneleven ratingtwo game is not as good as the original because of this
lensixteen ratingtwo whenever i try to open it, ir freezes on the loading screen, then boots me out.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfourteen ratingfive its made so many improvment in graphics and fetures to a allready great game!
lentwenty ratingfive it hasnt affect my playing, but it would be nice to be able to change sensitivity like in temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennineteen ratingfour it is brilliant much better than number one except i don't get the shield thing , you still die?.
lenseventeen ratingfour a couple of glitches when trying to use save me feature other than that a fun game!
lensix ratingfive great sequel but slightly more difficult.
lentwenty ratingthree i love the game but everytime i try to save my tokens to upgrade, somehow like half of them disappear!
lentwentythree ratingfive this is such a wonderful game  more exciting and adventure compare the old one.i love it,my current score so far is 5,327,552.
lentwo ratingfive super addictive.!
lenseven ratingfive fantastic animations compared to the first version!
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lentwenty ratingfive although the repetitive intersections and obstacles can sometimes break the suspension of disbelief but still very much worth a try
lensix ratingone it wont let me download it! :(
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is as addictive as temple run but with extra bells and whistles.
lennine ratingfive i'm lovin' it.hats off to the developers.
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenfive ratingfive wasted like 2 hours or so
lentwenty ratingfour the only reason why not 5 stars is because it crashes but other then that great game and a time killer
lenthirteen ratingone i have redownloaded this game 3 times and it doesn't let me play.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lennine ratingfour better then the frist one more in this one.:)
lentwo ratingfive awsme game .!
lenseven ratingfive outstanding game better than the first one
lennine ratingfive its a very fun game and a great sequel
lenfour ratingfour such a fun game! .
lentwo ratingfive mukhang tanga.
lenthree ratingfive its osm yr
leneight ratingfive best i have ever played on my tab
leneleven ratingfive still the best looking game on my phone, just looks gorgeous!
lenseven ratingfive i love the mine carts as well!
leneleven ratingfive just time killing and more adventurous game in google play store.
lennine ratingfive i'm loving it five star to temple run.
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing.!
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it.!
lenfive ratingfive very addicting and very fun
lenthirteen ratingfive very addicting game, i like it a lot better then the first one!
lenseven ratingfour this game is fun for the family.
lennineteen ratingfour i like it but the way the camera moves when there's a turn is not appealing to me.
lennine ratingfour it's still a great improvement from the first
lenfourteen ratingfour game lags even with a game booster running which cause me to die sometimes.
lenseven ratingfour other than that, its a great game.
lentwo ratingfour great game !
lensixteen ratingfour its nice to see android not taking a year to put it out on google play!
lenfour ratingfour i love the game.
lenfour ratingfour i love the effects.
lenfive ratingfour i love the new concept.
lentwentyseven ratingfour my only comment is when you tripped and the ugly big monster monkey will get near you, it blocks the vision of what you are running on.
lenten ratingfour most of the time thats the reason i get dead.
leneight ratingfour unlike temple run 1 monkeys dont block the vison.
lentwo ratingfive ultimate entertainment
lentwo ratingfive goooooooooooooooooood ggggaaaammmmeeee
lensix ratingfive loving it way better than the 1st
lentwenty ratingthree game has good graphics and lovely backgrounds but developers forget about game play aspects like tilt control and quick response.
lenfifteen ratingthree game enhanced difficulties and it's good but poor performance due to lack in controlling
lenthree ratingfive plus the graphics
lentwo ratingthree tgh cuba
lenthree ratingfive better than version 1
lentwelve ratingfive in fact much much better and addictive than temple run 1.:d :d
leneight ratingfive its even better than the first one lolz
lenthirteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 you shod try it you should try playing it
lennine ratingfive i can get drowned in this app for hours!
lenfour ratingthree pretty similar to the 1st1
lenten ratingfour sometimes when i used 'save me' the program force closed.
lenten ratingone its annoying to close the application.it spoils entire fun.
lenthree ratingfive simply "hats off"
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the game but it confuses me how my coins go from over 2,000 back down to 800.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive i highly recommend.
lenthree ratingfour too hard yo
lenseven ratingfive i can not stop playing this game!
lennine ratingfive i even play at work while on lunch break!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfour the game is very good , i like it :]
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive the new temple run is way more amazing then the first one.
lentwentysix ratingfive but temple run should be a multiplayer game so i can run against my firends :) but other then that amazing app i play it every day
lenten ratingfive love the game design and the new map theme too
lenfour ratingfive just love this game. <3
lenthree ratingfour great moving action!
lenten ratingfour and the view was good, like playing a pc game
lentwentysix ratingfour game is been designed in way whr everyone luv to play,but major draw back is battery due is high resolution my battery is drained badly.
leneight ratingfour need some quick update to fix it toto
lentwenty ratingone i run the game but it does not go past the screen where it shows the logo and company name.
lenfifteen ratingone i will change to 5 stars once im able to run the game and play it.
lenfive ratingone right now 1 star, cant play.
lensix ratingfive u should download the game now
lenthree ratingone package file invalid.
lenfour ratingthree takes getting used too .
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenthree ratingfour a bit stickey
lennine ratingone trying to download but it's showing invalid package.
leneight ratingfive gameplay remains the same with dynamic camera angles.
lenten ratingfive same awesomeness when it comes to unlocking powers and abilities.
lenfive ratingfive new tracks and new hurdles.
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lenthree ratingfour few add-ons.
lenseventeen ratingfour the single monster concept is not that appealing as it blocks the entire vision during the jump.
lenfive ratingfour still its a great app :)
leneleven ratingfive there's several minor bugs i've noticed in the game.
lentwentysix ratingfive first, when you use gems to increase the effectiveness of a power-up it shows that it costs only one gem, but it actually uses two.
lenfive ratingfive second, the "run 1,000,000 lifetime meters"
lenthree ratingfive achievement is repeated.
lennine ratingfive out of the three challenges, it's listed twice.
lentwentyeight ratingfive picking up a power while the same one is in effect does not extend the duration in any way, though i don't know if that's intentional.
lenseventeen ratingfive i've also twice experienced a bug with the boost where it flung me off the edge.
lentwentyeight ratingfive once it ended while i was on a rope: the invincibility ended but when i landed i was going the same speed and flew straight off the edge.
lensixteen ratingfive the second time i used the power-up boost during the ending of the invincibility frames.
lenfourteen ratingfive not a bug, but i at one time had a problem with lag spikes.
lenten ratingfive to anyone on the s3 experiencing this, check that "power saving"
lennine ratingfive mode is turned off and it should work flawlessly.
lentwelve ratingfive so great game, but fixing these in an update would be nice.
lenseven ratingone brought coins twice an neva got them
lensixteen ratingfive great game but i only played it a few times until it kept stalling my phone
lenfour ratingfive awesome game & nothing else
lenfour ratingfive more fun n xcitement
lentwo ratingfour great game
lennine ratingfive **warning** contents in this game may lead to addiction.
lenfour ratingfive yep its great fun.
lennine ratingfive there will be the most fun game this year!
lensixteen ratingthree i love the game but after a few games the 1000s of coins ive earned turn into 100s.
lennine ratingthree kind of defeats the whole purpose of collecting them!
lensix ratingfive its alot better than the first
lentwentytwo ratingthree very good game, but i opened it up once and my multiplier, coins, gems, and high scores were all gone.please fix!
lentwo ratingthree (motorola atrix 2)
lenfive ratingfive very very very nice game
lenten ratingfour would be five if i could keep my coins lol.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive now classes in school are not so boring :)
lentwentytwo ratingfive i really love this game soon as i foumd out about this game i went srait to my phone and downloaded it
lenseven ratingfive wow they made this game even better
lenfive ratingthree screen freezes after each game
lenseven ratingfour nice, but abit laggy on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfour great game, but tends to turn my phone upside down when it starts.
lensix ratingfive very addictive and has amazing replayability.
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars, bravo!
lentwentyfive ratingfour i love the whole new look & plot, but sometimes when i tilt my phone on the narrow part it dosent work =/ but love the game
lenfour ratingfive excellent and addicting game.
lennine ratingfive lags sometimes on my s3 when i start it up.
lentwentysix ratingone i downloaded it many times but it doesn't go past the opening and then it closes the application and returns me to my home screen.
lenten ratingone i was really hoping to play it but got dissapointed.
lenseven ratingfive veru nice gane i like very  much
lensix ratingthree sony ericsson x10i  plz fix the bugs.
lenfive ratingthree the game not runs spontaneously.
lenten ratingthree look like game is still loading while u r playing.
lennine ratingthree otherwise game is nice but it not works smoothly
lentwo ratingfive simply fantastic!
lenfour ratingfive epic i love it
leneighteen ratingthree fun game but once in a while i run out of map and just fall that is lame
lentwenty ratingthree its a good game but it does freeze a lot and takes quite a while for it to load up.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneighteen ratingthree .it's very laggy and the controls aren't very responsive, which adds to a lot of fails.
lennineteen ratingthree needs to be smoother and it will be a great game, but at the moment it's just unplayable
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is fantastic its really fast moving you have to be fast
lenseven ratingfive amazing game jus like the last one
leneleven ratingfour the more money you spend on it the higher your score
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are brilliant and there are lots more features!
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run experience
lensix ratingfive this game is challenging and fun.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lentwentyone ratingfour i had rated it with 4 stars because sometimes after playing and i want to come back to home this game hang.
lennine ratingfour please fix so next time i will give 5 stars.
lenten ratingfour but overall it  is the best game ever for me.
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lenfive ratingfive erg verslavend maar super leuk!
lennine ratingfive yes i made my own word to describe it.
lennine ratingfive maybe make the coin counter more pronounced between games.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneleven ratingfive i like the new graphics and the new twists to it.
lentwelve ratingfive i liie the new characters and you earn money very quick :d
lenseventeen ratingfour its much better than the first one but on max setting its somewhat laggy on my international s3.
lenseven ratingfour and sometimes the rendering is abit "late"
lenthirteen ratingfive they took everything that was good about temple run and made it better.
lenthree ratingfive love it xd
lenfourteen ratingfive its fabulous game i have temple run 1 but 2 is more fat better than 1 part :)
lentwo ratingfive yar.awesome.
lenthirtynine ratingfour it is a really awesome game but it does crash quite alot and when i slode my finger to duck it jumps then kills me i have kept it and keep playing it though 'cos it is so addictive!
lenthirty ratingthree no dout we've temple run 2 in our hands,but the survival run is then ultimate game  in this type of gaming.the variety,,the climate ,,,environment etc are perfect.
lentwelve ratingfive i thought the first one was great, but this one destroys it!
lentwentyeight ratingfour i think you guys did a great job but please try to make the game move more smoothly, im tired of crashing carts and falling off the side
lenseven ratingfive i like this better than subway surfers!
lentwo ratingfive waaay better!
lenfourteen ratingfour you guys really did a great job on release with no problems at all.
leneight ratingfour although tilt sensitivity is not really that great :/.
lenfive ratingfour other than that, great game!
lenseven ratingfive every bit as addictive as the first
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing.
lenfour ratingone freezes at start up
lenfour ratingfive tougher than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game, also like the first one but i like this one better.
lennine ratingfive i wish they had the football player on 2 tho
lenfive ratingfive quality game, well worth it!
lenthree ratingfive graphics r gud
lenfifteen ratingthree it's good and all but it's just not smooth like the last one.
leneleven ratingthree it has a terrible delay which ends up messing you up
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenfive ratingfive way better thab the first!
lenfourteen ratingfive wish there a lil bit more variety like maybe swinging from vines or something?
lenfive ratingfive amazing and fun loving game.
lenten ratingfive may be its more addicted and much high level graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive with adding that cart in this make more than 5 star rating game.
lenthree ratingfive the graphics excellent.
lenfour ratingfive best game for android.
lenfour ratingfive work smooth on galaxy 2.
lennine ratingfive must congratulate the team on a perfect free game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfive ratingfive i like it a lot.
leneight ratingfive thanks imangi for providing such a new version
lennine ratingfive great game, never thought it would be so addicting.!
lenthirteen ratingfive i play it all the time, and everyone around me does too haha
lenfifteen ratingfour fantastic graphics,awesum speed n jus luv ths game.evrytym jus beat ur own record:)
lenthree ratingfive lags in times.
lenthree ratingfive pls fix lags .!
lensix ratingfive 5 stars for creativity of the game
lenfour ratingfive intense game, got better!
lenten ratingfive this version runs very smoothly on my htc desire hd.
lenten ratingfive unlike the previous version which made me hate this game!
lenthree ratingfive super duper game.
lenfour ratingfive bahut badi ya game.
leneleven ratingfive its a great game but need an update on sensitivity control.
lensixteen ratingfive haha have been waiting for tis to come out :) it rocks man much bettet than ver 1 ;)
lenthirteen ratingtwo good game but it keeps freezing on my s2 so i had to uninstall ;(
lentwo ratingfive mast game.
lensix ratingfive smoothly running on my xperia u
lentwo ratingfive addictive game.
lensixteen ratingthree the graphics are were beter on temple run although it has kind of grone on me!?
lenfour ratingfive superb game by imangi.
lensix ratingfive way better than the previous version.
lenseven ratingfive very very good i love to play.
lenten ratingfive this is one is better than the first temple run.
lentwenty ratingfive if you didn't like the first one than i am sure that you will not like this one also.
lenseven ratingfive my side this is an amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive amit jain
lensix ratingone no match for the earlier veraion
lenfive ratingfive it's finally out :ddddd
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseventeen ratingfive the gameplay n graphics s jus amazing n d fact dat it's still free s great.
lenseventeen ratingfive d sounds for keytap in menu is not turned off even at 0 volume settings in d app.
lenfive ratingfive d sensitivity settings s missing.
lennine ratingfive a little intro for d characters would be awesome.
lenseven ratingfive u cannot take screen shots during gameplay.
leneleven ratingfive great fun much better than temple run so get this app
lenthree ratingfive better than templerun 1
lenseven ratingfive the team really put everything hehind th7s one.
lenfive ratingfive refreshing graphics and audio effects.
lentwo ratingfive realistic characters.
lentwo ratingfive fun reloaded!
lennine ratingthree lags than forces you to run to your death.
leneight ratingfive awsme game.i like it very much.thanks.
lentwo ratingfour amazing grapics
lenfour ratingtwo i love the game.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the only problems i've found are that the game can be so laggy at times that you die before you even know you've hit something.
lenseven ratingtwo also, it has a terrible color pallet.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i'm color blind to where i can't see different shades of yellow and the coins and run-way are both yellow.
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo so it lags and i can't see what's coming up, then when it isn't lagging, i can't see the coins anyway until i hit the point where they change colors.
lenten ratingtwo i expected it to be better than the last one.
lennineteen ratingfive loving temple run 2 a lot more challenging than the first 1 you really have to keep your wits about you!
lentwentysix ratingthree needs allot more work, sensitivity is awful, it goes way to fast at the beginning and it gives the player little time to pick up powerups .
lenfive ratingfive best game ever on android
lenfourteen ratingfive dis game has much more motion and excitment from previous one.totally love it.
lenfour ratingthree copy of pitfall game.
lensix ratingfive very good game and extremely addictive
lenfour ratingfive aaaaa love this game <3
lenfive ratingfive nice game .i like it
lenfive ratingone won't open on infuse 4g
lentwentyseven ratingthree i like this game so much.but got a problem.this game running too much memory.i can't play very well.hope can fix this problem
leneight ratingfour it seems like your in the adventure too!
lennine ratingthree its fun but after a while, the game lags.
lensixteen ratingfive even though its not designed for a tablet on charge, its still a very good game.
lentwelve ratingfive good graphics, good sounds, new level design and powerups are the best.
lentwo ratingfive great game. ;)
leneight ratingone wont even open waste of time downloading.uninstall
lenfive ratingfive it's an awesone game.
lenthree ratingfive amazing graphics too.
lenthree ratingfive its like addiction!
lensix ratingfive it's endlessly adventurous and amazing.
lensix ratingfive i m completly addicted to it .
leneleven ratingfour only thing can someone tell me how to save the game?
lenseven ratingone it won't download on my tablet!
lenthree ratingone looks fun tho
lentwentyone ratingfive i love this game even more than the first temple run, it's much more fun and it's so addictive!
leneight ratingfive i hope they make a temple run 3! :d
lennine ratingfive lots of fun to play, just like the original.
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lentwentyone ratingtwo i don't know how they can get all these 5 star rating s with all these bugs, it's very disappointing.
leneight ratingtwo has anyone tried going to the settings menu?
lenfour ratingtwo needs some serious updating.
lenten ratingtwo i don't believe this was ready to be released.
lenten ratingfive i especially like how you fixing the camera when sliding.
lennine ratingfive the tilt feature could be a little more sensitive.
lentwelve ratingfive btw i got ten million and its only been it a week.!?
lenseven ratingfive i'm not even a heavy gamer.
leneighteen ratingfive next one make some levels with actual goals instead just keeping us playing only for a high score
lenseven ratingfive this game is much better and better.
lensix ratingone force closes, cant play, please fix.
lensix ratingfive this one is the great successor.
lenseven ratingone always crash at the first logo launch.
lenfive ratingfive the game is simply awesome
leneleven ratingfive they are always coming with very best games  luv u develipers
lenfour ratingfive superb and nice game
leneighteen ratingfour it is definitely better than the original with the different power-ups and the gems to resurrect yourself.
lentwentythree ratingfour would be nice to stack certain power-ups, and ability to get any of the objectives you wanted, not just what's provided.
lentwentytwo ratingfive a great sequal, there are a few pet-peves i have with the game but i mainly look them over, overall great.
lentwentyeight ratingfour a really neat game with no lags except for a few minor bugs and few issues with the tilt sensitivity which i'm sure will be addressed soon.
lenthree ratingone an awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingone but i can't play it properly due to xperia sola's floating touch.
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the game very much, it has more content than the previous game, though the response time seemed a bit slow at times for me
lenthree ratingfive yeah its true .
lenfour ratingfive thanks for updating it :')
lenten ratingfive awsm game  guyzz must play n enjy it  5 out of 5
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is better dan earlier, seems old game was more easier dan this one.
lenthree ratingfive but nice game
lenfour ratingfive love the new feats.
lenfive ratingfive cool way to kill time.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwelve ratingfour but, i have a htc sensation and the game will black out.
leneight ratingfour come back nd i have to press resume.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i love the game, butbthe further along you get, the more drag you experience.
lenseven ratingtwo and it keeps locking up on level 7.
leneight ratingtwo i have had to re-install 3 times now.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant follow up!
lenfive ratingthree its fun but i hate.
lensix ratingfive best game ever and exellent improvement
lenthirteen ratingone it won't let me download, it just keeps on saying package invalid.
lenten ratingone which sucks because i really want to play this game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive need exit button
lenfifteen ratingthree yea better then de 1sy edition but i'll give one mark more to subway surfers.
lennine ratingfive a terrific second installment of the temple run franchise.
lenfifteen ratingfive very adicktive game have all 3 i play ever second i can even wen at work
lennine ratingthree this app is not correctly running on galaxy chat.
leneight ratingthree though the 1st version of temple run ran smoothly.
lensix ratingthree the game screen is auto zoomed.
lentwelve ratingthree the stats part -scores n all is itself covering half d screen.
lenfive ratingfive thumbs up to the creator!
lenseventeen ratingfive if you have battery and time to burn, i suggest you get this freakin' amazingly awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfour brilliant game but keeps glitching and i die allot because of it!
lenfive ratingfour good game fun   to play
lensixteen ratingone i have tried downloading this 4times but its showing a problem its being magnified in my optimus l3
lensixteen ratingfive this is the best game ever  , would give 10 star if possible ,,,, better than brave and subway !
lenthree ratingfive graphics are nice
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lensix ratingfour more thrilling than the first part.!
lensix ratingfive cool i love its so cool
lennine ratingthree keep crashing and glitch and sometimes graphic quite confusing.
lentwo ratingthree otherwise ok.
lenten ratingfive its so fun and way better than the first one .
lenfourteen ratingfour same addictive game play as before, but now with fresh environments and objective system.
lennineteen ratingfour it is a new release so there are a few lingering bugs that prevent it from being five stars.
lentwentyfive ratingfour when the speed buff wears off on the zip line, you lose the invulnerability but keep going at high speeds, making it hard to react.
lentwentyone ratingfour also picking up a power up when you already have the same active should refresh the duration imo, not be ignored.
lenfour ratingfive true epic.hats off :) :)
leneleven ratingone the number of coins i have keeps dropping, inexplicably, on galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive awsome addictive game
leneighteen ratingfive i couldn't imagine there'd be anything better than temple run.and then there was temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive it deserves its 5 stars
lennine ratingfour awesome game the best temple run edition created ever
lentwenty ratingthree i upgrade my boost but there wasn't internet so my coins were deducted but the boost wasn't upgraded.
lenfourteen ratingthree one more thing was that the character died due to lag when i tilt.
lenthree ratingthree lag is bad.
lenfourteen ratingthree screen not responding after pause and during the game lost 10 gems because of that.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lennine ratingfour it has more challenge to it than the first.
lensix ratingfour but it lags like no other.
lentwelve ratingfour it makes it a bit more difficult to make jumps and duck.
lentwentyfour ratingfour one time the guy got stuck running on one side of the track and he fell off when the track was only half there.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour and he stumbles on the path more because i can't jump in time because it freezes, but he keeps running, so i don't see what's ahead and the monkey eats me.
leneighteen ratingfour also, when in the mining cart, you should be able to see around the corner a little more.
lensix ratingone it crashes everytime in loading screen.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfive ratingfive liked the game very much.
leneleven ratingfive new features maked the game more interesting n fun to play !
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenthree ratingfour plenty of action
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfifteen ratingthree i'm lucky to make 5000 metres due to lag, nevermind 5000 metres without tripping and powerups!
lentwentytwo ratingthree fix this and raise my stars because it is far better than the 1st one from what i've been able to play.
lennine ratingfive great game but tilting sideways are not that perfect.
lenseven ratingfive while lying the motion controls become inverse.
lentwelve ratingfive would you add a feature, so that we can play while lying.
leneight ratingfour a small problem with freezing but overall good.
lenfive ratingfive it is a awesome game
lentwenty ratingtwo i have to give 2 stars for lack of sensitivity glitch game play some corners and jumps are hard to make .
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive outstanding graphics
lennine ratingthree looks really awesome but it crashes all the time.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfive way better than temple run 1 waiting for temple run 3 :)
lenseven ratingfive was waiting a long tine for this!
lenfour ratingfive totally surpassed my expectations!
lennineteen ratingfour can't play only opening imangi studios name and after few secs crashes pls fix a.s.a.p
lenseven ratingfive its like im running in the temple.
leneight ratingfive nd i really like 2nd version of temple run.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant game.congratulationsi
lenthree ratingfive awesome no words
leneighteen ratingfive game lag sometime when character start to run faster and often when the monster is close to me.
lenseven ratingfive other then that really love the challenge.
lenfour ratingfour better den temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingfive pay me, jk, it is awesome though  it's lagging lately for some reason, cleaned the cache on nexus galaxy not sure why
lentwo ratingfive awesom game.
lensix ratingfive nice graphics.nice sound.must download.
lenthree ratingfive fully addictive game
lensix ratingfive to good game is so excited
lenseventeen ratingfour it's a great game i love it but i can't play if after the introduction.
lentwentysix ratingfour like if i delete it and redownload it i can play it but anytime after the first time i can't. what's up with that?
lenfour ratingfive it was vert great!
lentwentyfour ratingone i had nothing but good things to say about this game before besides the fact of it freezing when i use a save me.
lenthirty ratingone but its gotten out of control every time i'm beating my high score it freezes after using a save me and i lose all of my progress and gems!
lentwentytwo ratingfour i'm only giving it 4 because when i did the minecart bit, i noticed it copied rail rush so stop copyrighting imangi.
lenfour ratingthree is a ok game.
lenfive ratingthree kinda boring after a while
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 is excellent as we taught! ;-) no lagging.the option fir increasing graphics quality is great!
lenthree ratingfive nice and coool :)
lenthree ratingfive bestest game ever.
lenfive ratingfive with wonderful graphics n sound.
lensix ratingfive better n best than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive really wonderful one must surely dwnload ths game.
lenten ratingfive it looks grt on my samsung galaxy s duos handset.
lenfour ratingfive i give five star :-) :-)
lenfive ratingfour it so nice for android.
lenten ratingfour but plz make it possible to move in sd card.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennineteen ratingfive loving temple run 2 a lot more challenging than the first 1 you really have to keep your wits about you!
lennineteen ratingfive awesome game but i dont know if its my hp fault just that the game is laggy some times
lennineteen ratingfive great graphics, same great addictive gameplay combined with more upgrades powerups to keep you busy for ages to come
lenfour ratingfive the game is great.
lenthirtyone ratingfive all you guys need to do is to increase the sensitivity when tilting and maybe add some more features like adding the invisibility that is available on the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive ossam game,,
lentwentythree ratingfive ofcourse its a great game it really helps you develop inner self confidence and also train you against some odd circumtance of life.
leneleven ratingfive so people enjoy the game of your life.wish ya luck
lenseven ratingone slow response when swiping left and right.
lenthree ratingfour walanh kasi bongga.
lenfifteen ratingfive i think it is mix of agent dash and subway surfers.i like this game
lenfourteen ratingfive i like this game, very fun and simple when you need to kill time.
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this :d
lennine ratingfive omg i play this all the time on my s3
leneleven ratingfive there's several minor bugs i've noticed in the game.
lentwentysix ratingfive first, when you use gems to increase the effectiveness of a power-up it shows that it costs only one gem, but it actually uses two.
lenfive ratingfive second, the "run 1,000,000 lifetime meters"
lenthree ratingfive achievement is repeated.
lentwentythree ratingfive out of the three challenges, it's listed twice, and running only contributes to one of them being filled up closer to completion.
lentwentyeight ratingfive picking up a power while the same one is in effect does not extend the duration in any way, though i don't know if that's intentional.
lentwentyeight ratingfive once it ended while i was on a rope: the invincibility ended but when i landed i was going the same speed and flew straight off the edge.
lensixteen ratingfive the second time i used the power-up boost during the ending of the invincibility frames.
lenfourteen ratingfive not a bug, but i at one time had a problem with lag spikes.
lenten ratingfive to anyone on the s3 experiencing this, check that "power saving"
lennine ratingfive mode is turned off and it should work flawlessly.
lentwelve ratingfive so great game, but fixing these in an update would be nice.
leneight ratingfive you've got me;-) thnks fr the 2nd version:-)
lenfive ratingfive this game is friggin awesome !
lensixteen ratingfive the graphics are super and they have also introduced levels which is really cool . <3 this game!?
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.loved it
lentwelve ratingone i cant download it why?its says due to error (498) whats this?
lenseven ratingfive the only thing i want is more!
lenthree ratingfive its nice game
lentwelve ratingfive we won't feel boring!.awesome game.hats off to the creator!
leneight ratingfour its a very gud game.one must try
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwenty ratingfour the power ups for getting the coins that you level up with gems lose their worth after you change it.
lenten ratingfive built upon the first one and got so much better!
leneleven ratingthree it can get slow at times & it closes by itself allllot.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game, also like the first one but i like this one better.
lennine ratingfive i wish they had the football player on 2 tho
lenfourteen ratingone just does not load all it comez up with is imangi studio's screen!
leneight ratingone i love temple run though.please fix it
lennine ratingfive this version is better than the original temple run.
lennine ratingfive easier to achieve higher scores and run longer distances.
leneight ratingfive i've been waiting for a long time
lenten ratingfour when i wanted to turn right or left he jumps.
lenfive ratingfour but the game is nice
lenthree ratingone wastage of time
lensix ratingthree still sony issue on ics maybe.
lenthree ratingone keeps force closing.
lentwo ratingfive nice app.
lenthirteen ratingfive lot better dan the first one.simply awesome wid improved graphics.love it.
lenfour ratingthree draamatic turns and twists
leneight ratingone its not working on my galaxytab :-(((( please hellpppp.
lentwo ratingthree superb game .
lentwo ratingthree excellent graphics.
lenseven ratingfive better graphics better user interface  better stability
lentwentythree ratingone i couldn't play the first temple run on my samsung galaxy it keep messing up being slow/freezing so i uninstalled it.
leneleven ratingone downloaded this one a can't get passed the first screen!
lenfour ratingone i wanna play too:(
lenfour ratingfive it's rocking game.
lennine ratingfour its laggy in my phone althou its dual core
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingone does notvget downloaded on ma samsung galaxy tab 1.
lenthree ratingone trying since 12 hrs.
lentwenty ratingone package file invalid.on my lg l3 forced close,,pls fix this for my device.i want to play this game
lentwelve ratingfive fun game njoyng a lot  must play for all really a pleasyre
lenfourteen ratingthree though it sometimes restart your phone, and hangs my phone here, there and everywhere.
lentwentythree ratingfive i love temple run 2.out of the world,its just amazing.i m waiting for the 3rd version.this 2nd version just does'nt download
leneight ratingfive i give 5 star for excellent graphics and controlled.
lenthree ratingfive graphics r great!
lenseven ratingfive great game better than first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
leneleven ratingone how come i couldn't download temple run 2 in my tablet?
leneight ratingfive its excellent one compare to the first version!
lenfive ratingfive try nd try k tc
lenfour ratingfive its a really fun app !?_?
leneight ratingfive this is a lot better than temple run
lensix ratingfive i love all the temple runs
lenthree ratingfour must try guyz!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive i like it.great game
lentwentythree ratingfive i love the first one and this one is so awesome there is so much more things to dodge and i love it
lenfifteen ratingfive i loved temple run 1 and this is way cooler and fun than that .great app.
lenfour ratingfive never gets boring.lolzz
lensix ratingfive nice game better than the 1st version
lentwo ratingfive cih omg
leneleven ratingfive this is a good game but still ned more character update
leneleven ratingfive this game is so much more fun than the first one
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics of this one is so much better than the previous one!
lenseven ratingfour one of the most cool game ever!
lenfive ratingfive its an awsm game.enjoy.
lenten ratingone grind coins for high price items and that is it.
lenthree ratingone highly overrated game.
lennineteen ratingthree i have problem to get highscore more then 1m coz this game's setting don't have sensiblity to adjust.
lennineteen ratingthree it's hard to play, that's why i'm very like temple run 1 coz it have sensiblity adjustment
lentwelve ratingthree if you get motion sick easily i don't suggest this game.
leneleven ratingthree i was in pretty bad shape after playing for five minutes.
lenfourteen ratingthree it's a good game but not for people who get motion sick easily.
lentwo ratingfive awesme game
lenthirteen ratingfour a small request , at times it gets stuck n slow  , plz fix it!
lenseven ratingthree graphics concepts and the scenery is magnificent.
leneight ratingthree however there is a horrible glitch regarding objectives.
lenfourteen ratingthree objectives are marked complete only if they are completed while on a particular level.
leneighteen ratingthree even if you fulfill the criterion of the objective  on previous levels you'll need to repeat it.
leneight ratingthree eg. run 10000 m is available only on level 7.
leneighteen ratingthree even if u have run 10000 on previous levels you'll have to rerun to mark that objective complete.
lenthree ratingthree total nonsense this.
lennine ratingthree takes the fun out of an otherwise wonderful game
lenseven ratingone not working fine force me to stop
lenseven ratingone please fix it loads then shuts down
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.?
lenfour ratingfive superb graphics and gameplay.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic ^^
lenfive ratingfive i love the new features   .
lennine ratingthree it's fun but it's really really laggy.
lenseven ratingone i haven't played the game yet.
lenfifteen ratingone the app will open to the imangi logo and then close after about ten seconds.
lentwelve ratingone please fix this, i'd love to be able to play it.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour a very fun game,love playin it over and over again,wish there was a way to change the tilt calibration/sensor,i got to tilt my phone alot to move left and right
leneleven ratingfive very addicting with the feature and very smooth gameplay and screen.
lentwo ratingfive nice job!
lennine ratingfive would be better if still can give additional character.
lensix ratingfour its good & intrusting full time pass
lenfive ratingfive much better then the previous
lentwelve ratingtwo keeps kicking me out of app in the middle of my runs.
lenseven ratingtwo force closes a little too much too.
lenfive ratingtwo laggy game play at times.
lenseven ratingtwo would love if game got fixed/ updated.
lenfour ratingtwo loved first temple run.
lensix ratingfour nice graphics nd quite smooth one
lenfive ratingfive why i cant download it?
lennine ratingfour its good but the older version is more attrective
lenfive ratingfive great game well worth downloading
lenfour ratingfive enjoy the run lovers :-)
lenfive ratingfive enjoy this game i like
lentwo ratingfive ib bggu.
lenfive ratingfive this game is very nice
lentwelve ratingfive i used to love temple run and was an expert at it.
lenten ratingfive now that temple run 2 came i never touch temple run!
lenfive ratingfive i love the minecart part!
lennine ratingthree really a great fun game has some problems though.
lensixteen ratingthree really wish i could run it horizontally on my screen would make leaning so much easier.
lenthirteen ratingfive the new version is awesome and has some new cool features.love it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennineteen ratingtwo could be better, freezes at times and a little laggy, preventing me from getting high scores in the game.
lentwo ratingtwo (android 2.3 os)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's soo much better than the first one and far more addicting!
lensix ratingfive great game for passing the time.
lenthree ratingfive download and play!
lenthree ratingfive sooo worth it
lenfourteen ratingfive and i'm glad it didn't take forever to come out on android :-)
lentwentythree ratingone when i launch this game, it shows a startup screen and then after a few seconds it throws me out to home screen.
lennine ratingone i am using htc google nexus one with android 2.2
leneleven ratingfive so cool dude hope u make the part 3 awesome game dudes
lenthree ratingfour very nice game,,
lentwelve ratingfive you get this app its quite better then old one temple run
lentwentyone ratingthree you guys need to let us adjust the sensitivity on our devices, i feel the feedback is kinda slow while tilting.
lentwentysix ratingthree secondly, everything is almost the same color, i could not even tell where was a dead end and ended up going off course all the time.
lennine ratingthree bear grylls has a better color palette and controls.
leneight ratingthree step it up and i'll rate 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run!
lensixteen ratingfour forces close every time i try to save myself using gems when die on the rail.
leneleven ratingfour it would be more better if resulation can better.otherwise awesome.
lenseventeen ratingone it always lags during the game and ive had to uninstall then reinstall the game 3 times now.
lentwo ratingfive great application
lenthree ratingfive simple to play.
leneleven ratingfive thats a lovely lovely game love u temple run aweeeessssooommmeeeee game
leneight ratingfive it messes up sometimes , but good game overall .
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lenten ratingfive five stars doesnt mean there is no scope for improvement.
lenten ratingfive i actually give 4.5, leaving the rest half for next version.
lenfourteen ratingone i keep losing my gems every time i try to use the "save me"
lensix ratingone the game freezes and closes itself.
lentwentyfive ratingone until it's fixed i can only give 1 star because it's immensely frustrating to see them disappear without even being able to use them.
lenfour ratingfive mast game gai yaar.:)
lennineteen ratingthree if you use boost twice or while using boost you jumped on rope, you will have a super speed.
lentwentythree ratingthree # get same power ups twice doesn't extend the power ups time like temple run 1 # but graphics are extremely better than previous version.
lenseven ratingfour though sometimes it lags so just 4 stars. >_<
lenthirtyfour ratingfive really good game it is nice that you can do alot more on this one then instead of just jump slide and go right or left gets boring thats why i like temple run 2
lenfour ratingone screen freezes every time .
lenfour ratingone game cannot be played
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy playing it.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a good game and idea for a reason, whenever your bored
lenseven ratingfive enjoying this awesome sequel to temple run.
leneight ratingfive loving the amazing graphics and overall game play.
lenfour ratingfive i barely place games.
leneight ratingfive great game, more detailed environment, lots of fun
lenfifteen ratingfive great game but want it to have more people cause i already got everyone else
lentwenty ratingfive this is such a great game if you don't like the first temple run well you must download this!
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooo addictive!
lentwo ratingfive ultimate graphics
lenfour ratingfive its a great game.
lensix ratingfive alot better than the first one!
lentwentyseven ratingfive its a great game i jst luv 2 play dis nytym i gt free.nd i ws waiting to gt new version of dis. .nd its realy amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfour i think this app is awsome but there are some stupid things that happen.
lensixteen ratingfour first there the meter on the side and when u trip everything u earned is gone.
lentwentyseven ratingfour then when i was on the cart thing the monster caught up to me a little and then just ate me the thing is i never triped.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is soooo    much better than the first one.love the zip lines!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is so cool than any games i've tried to used to
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing great graphics super fun !
lennine ratingfive great game wif gud advancement. .rilli kips me company
lenfive ratingfive i love the new environment .
lensix ratingfive reminds me of the brave templerun!
lennine ratingfive i just wish the invisible shield would last longerrrrrr .
lenfive ratingfour better and more detailed than tr1
lennine ratingfive i had th e 1 st one and itwas awesome
lenten ratingfive one of the most amazing game i've ever played.
leneight ratingfour good to play  making me addicted towards it.
lennine ratingfive just try it n u ll feel the difference!
lenseven ratingfour theres so much bugs in galaxy wonder.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the normal temple but this 1 is about 40 times better!       :d
lenfour ratingfive loved it must download.
lenten ratingfive this game is great hope version two is good aswell!
lentwo ratingfour yo yo
lensix ratingfive so addictive i just love it.
lenthirteen ratingfive if the few little glitches were fixed it would b the perfect game.
lentwentyfour ratingfour really a great game, but lags on my device, i noticed same behavior on my friends devices too, can you guys fix it pleaseeeeeee.
lenforty ratingfour but one things a few things i noticed: when i first got the game it was nice and smooth running but about 5 6 days later i can notice lags and sometimes the ahead platforms and stuff appear afterva second or so.
lentwentythree ratingfour also when u hav a power up and u get the same power up again it doesnt get extended like in temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfour but it is still an awesome game and i am addicted to it.
lenthree ratingfive waw sungguh keren.
lenfourteen ratingfive a very very best game i has ever played thanks alot of its makers
leneleven ratingone not working even not open in my anroid samsung galaxy tab.
lennine ratingone u gays should remove this game from anroid market.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive but can someone please tell me why my coin value keeps going up and down even though i'm not using them?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive hated the first one buy this is nicer and works well :d
lenseven ratingfive i am soo addicted to this game.
lenseven ratingfive wonderful game.much better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive excellent game ,but very much time killer
lenseven ratingtwo well it was fun while it lasted.
lensixteen ratingtwo after about 3 days of playing, the game began to crash every time i click on it.
lenthree ratingfive nice to play
lenfour ratingfive beautiful and wonderful game
lennine ratingthree lags sometimes in between the game.please fix it.
lensix ratingfive nice game and i love it
lentwo ratingfour excellent game.
lenfive ratingfour but lags sometime on my s3
lenfour ratingfive its supper mind blowing
leneight ratingfive very nice game the theme and the story
lensix ratingfour when i m using "save me".
lenfour ratingfour sometimes it is crashing
lenfour ratingfive awesome a gr8 tym pass
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is so interesting and is in 3d it is good then temple run 1
lennine ratingfive this game is amazing a player all the time
lennine ratingtwo keeps closing out every time i try to respawn!
lennine ratingtwo really annoying when your trying to do an objective.
lentwentyfive ratingone this temple run was my first game upload on my new tab 2, njoi playing it unlimited time , n now temple run 2 , this is awsumn toooo.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are nice
lenseventeen ratingfive i'm absolutely thrilled to announce that this game is a worthy sequel to it's predecessor!
lenfour ratingfive only one word ""wow""
lenten ratingfive its awesome.but a bit slower than the first version
lennine ratingfive looks 3d type but i still love the earlier one
lentwentyfour ratingfive just so you know this is the best thing ever so you have to try way better than temple run self will try okay
lentwo ratingfive insanely addictive.
lensix ratingfive playing this game is like heaven !
lennineteen ratingfive a perfect sequel to temple run 1 .temple run 1 didn't run properly in my fone .this works like magic!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lensix ratingfive i love to play this game.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
leneight ratingfive i expect an excellent version 3.0 of temple run.
lenfour ratingfive good game & good graphics.
lensix ratingone please support my device, huawei s7 slim.
lenfour ratingone thanks imangi studios team!
lenfour ratingfive smooth and decent graphics.
lenfive ratingfive better than the 1st temple run!
lenfourteen ratingfive i like this part where u die nd have a chance to come back
lenfive ratingfive everyone must download this game
lenfour ratingfive best app gamd ever
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive thamq for thise game
lentwo ratingfour landrum     ma
lennine ratingfour graphics are fantastic and the game play is great.
lentwenty ratingfour a little sketchy on the controll side when it comes to tilting and jumping but in all a good game.
lenfour ratingfour samsung galaxy note ii.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.!
lenthree ratingfive mst game hain.
lenten ratingfive runs well on samsung galaxy 2, like the changes in gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive would be helpful if instructions were available .
leneighteen ratingthree no doubt its a great game much better than the previous version in terms of graphics n innovation.
lentwentyone ratingthree but the game crashes almost everytime when i try to use the save me thing for the 3rd time in a game.
lensix ratingfour its a good and addictive game.
lentwelve ratingfour the challenges are a lot harder but there is many more option.
lenthree ratingfive top banana excellent
lennine ratingfive its way better then the first and its free
lennine ratingfive really enjoyable game - much improved from the first one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game <3333
leneight ratingfive can't stop playing this new revamped game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive fantastic i love this game!
lenthirtynine ratingfour i noticed a few bugs:  1.) if your boost powerup wears off while on the rope, then your character will continue to run at the same pace as did you did with powerup once you get back on the ground.
lenseven ratingfour 2.) the powerups do not stack or reset.
lensix ratingfour 3.) the challenges sometimes are the same.
lentwentythree ratingfour 4.) at times in the area with the rolling wooden spikes, it creates an impossible scenario where you have no choice but to lose.
lentwelve ratingfour most of time this happens after i used a gem to resurrect.
lentwenty ratingfive the game is cool but it tends to lag a little bit but i am sure they will fix it
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenfive ratingfour tougher version of temple run.
lenfive ratingfour and better image and effects.
lentwo ratingfive xciting levels.
lentwo ratingfive xciting journey.
lensix ratingfive but the levels are very easy.
lensix ratingfive it is very easy to complete
lentwo ratingfive amazing game !
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome, it totally rules!
lensix ratingfive better view and more various adventures
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive so much better then temple run 1
lenfourteen ratingfive this is just awesome the graphics the ziplines and the monkey blew my mind.
lenthree ratingfour very dynamic game.
lenfive ratingfour tilt controls are very good.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour (i hate tilt controls in games, but it fits in temple run 2.) the only problem is that when i go to revive myself with a jewel, the game force closes and i lose my progress.
lenseven ratingfour annoying, but it doesn't happen often.
lenthirteen ratingthree don't see what the fuss is about, it's ok, nothing more.
lenten ratingfive good game just as fun as the first temple run
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played
lenthree ratingfour amazing .love it !
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
lenfive ratingfive this game is just awesome
lenthree ratingfour love the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive like it lovely game
lenthree ratingfive loving this game.
lensix ratingfive great improvisation from the previous one.!
lenthree ratingfive im totally addicted !
lenten ratingfive better than the first, although it was super great too.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i love this game but when you use a boost powerup and be on a rope, the character continues to move very fast after the boost and this is very annyoing runing yr game.
lenthree ratingthree pls fix soon
lenforty ratingfour incredibly addictive and fun,  my only complaint is that there are slight moments of lag that can end your run and when your goal is 5m points and you wiped at at 4.7m due to lag it can be very frustrating
lenseven ratingfive this game is very f*cking good !
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive i like it way more than the regular!
lenfour ratingfour attached to the game
lenseven ratingfive i just love the new temple run.
lenfour ratingfive well done imangi studios
lensix ratingfour good game, but also little hard
lenfive ratingfour this game have a 3d version.
lennine ratingfour so it is quite laggy sometimes but good pictures.
lennine ratingfour nice colours but i jus have a little problem.
lentwo ratingfive ganda xd
lenthree ratingfour love playing it
lenthree ratingfive jhoyce ann pare
lenseven ratingfive great game i really like this one
lenfourteen ratingfive i think the game is very fun and a great sequel to the first.
leneighteen ratingfive though i can agree that the sensitivity could use a little tweaking, other than that it's fine.
leneight ratingfive u can't be bored with this game. .
lennine ratingfive this game is amazing the graphics are breath taking.
lensix ratingfive the game mechanics are also good.
lentwelve ratingfive they should make new characters and and some like the football player.
leneleven ratingfive definitely an improvement over the first one, which i also enjoyed.
leneleven ratingfive the roads aren't all straight this time around, very cool.
lentwentyfive ratingfive it's the best game on here its very additive and i though temple run was good untill 2 weeks ago this game is brilliant :p
lenfive ratingfive guys, you just outdid yourself.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is better then first temple run.so this is wonderfullllllllll.
lennine ratingthree its better than the original that's for sure
lenseventeen ratingthree nice graphics, but it doesnt run smoothly when jumping etc, so i crash alot when i shouldnt
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lensixteen ratingfive thanks for making it for android im tired og seeing my sis play it on iphone
lennine ratingfive nice game, very addicting perfect for waiting in lines
lenfive ratingtwo it spontaneously pauses during play!
lensix ratingfive what a game really download it
lensix ratingfive thanks adding the back button support.
lennineteen ratingfive what graphics man.i definately love playin ths game nd its a bit addictive aswel.nice wrk imangi studios.
lensix ratingfive a nice upgrade to temple run.
leneight ratingfive much better graphics and more challenging game play.
leneight ratingfive plays very smoothly on my lg optimus g.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfour read the title.
lennine ratingthree really a great fun game has some problems though.
lensixteen ratingthree really wish i could run it horizontally on my screen would make leaning so much easier.
lenseventeen ratingthree confirmation on ability upgrades woukd be nice i lost a buch of coins accidentally taping my screen
lenthirteen ratingfive has ,me stuck to my tablet very good game to past time with
lennine ratingfour i like this app its so addicting.and fun!
lensix ratingfour i play iy all the time^-^
lentwentysix ratingfour temple run 2 is way better then temple run 1 but there is only four people to buy please fix that and it will get 5 stars from me
lenfour ratingthree small errors in galaxy s2
lenfour ratingfive very addictive, great graphics.
lenseventeen ratingfive only complaint is the occasional cheap death due to obstacles being generated too close to each other.
leneight ratingfive temple run is much better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive great for boredom.
lenfifteen ratingfive me and my friends love this game but your kinda in competition with subway surfers.
leneight ratingfive anyways, i love this and its really fun.
leneighteen ratingfive its easier then the first tumple run alot of new stuff like zip lines, mines carts, and more.
lenfour ratingfive just alot of fun.
lenten ratingfive still loading the app cant wait to play the game
lenfour ratingfive cannot jump n slide
lenforty ratingfive temple run used to be known as the most popular game but now theres a temple run 2 that took its spot spread the word to make this game even more popular i promise you youll love it .cuz i do
lenseven ratingfive a very nice game,i love it.
lenfortyeight ratingfive its a great game and gets you into it fairly quickly the only problem i with this game is it tends to slow down after a few uses on the android above all it is a great great game to play and i would recommend it to anyone
lenfifteen ratingone i cant even play it u need to fix this for android samsung galaxy s
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lentwentyseven ratingone i tried this game on our tablet i was amazed so i installed it to my phone but sad to say its not applicable to my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone its totally zoomed  i feel like i couldn't even click a thing properly.
lenfour ratingone its a complete waste.
lenthirteen ratingone this game will not work on my phone the game needs an upgrade
lentwentyone ratingthree i like the game, bit too often i'm off a cliff because the game doesn't register my gestures correctly.
lentwentysix ratingfour i don't know whether it is a bug or not but i noticed that my thousand of coins disappeared all of a sudden while playing.
lentwentythree ratingfour after playing it again and again and collected certain amount of coins it disappeared again and now i have only about few hundreds.
lenthree ratingfour no upgrades whatsoever.
lenseven ratingfour please fix it otherwise a good game.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 has took over my life!
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenfourteen ratingfive new obstacles take a while to get used to but then you're off.
lennine ratingfour every time i start running it starts to lag.
lenthirteen ratingfour but overall its a good game and i recommend people play this game.
lensix ratingfive this game is great & id addictive
lennine ratingfive mhmm i love the temple run 1 graphics awsome game 8d
lenthirteen ratingfour i find it very fun but i die alot cuz i just do.
lentwelve ratingfour good game, if you liked temple run #1 you will like this one.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
leneleven ratingfive omg i loved the first one but this one is 100% better!
lenthirteen ratingfive i sure it very nice and very interesting to play for leisure time
lenfour ratingfive nice game loved it
lentwentyone ratingfour i love imangi studios.just one thing i wanna suggest is that the animation is not as smooth as first one .
lentwo ratingfive nice game,
lenseven ratingfive i not lonely after play this game.
lensix ratingfive i never stop play this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is soooo    much better than the first one.love the zip lines!
lenten ratingfive tilting is real problem guys, otherwise the game is awesome !
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenten ratingfive they really upped it up a level after the first.
lentwentytwo ratingfive whereas i got a bit bored of the monotony in the first,  the variety of obstacles and game play kept me hooked.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenseven ratingfive i play it every chance i get.
leneight ratingthree this is awesome much better than the original.
lenfourteen ratingthree however there is no sensitivity setting, so changing sides of the track is difficult
lenfour ratingfour i liked 2 more than 1 ! <3
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's really nice but sometimes on android phones it tends to freeze up.
lenfive ratingfive superawesome game must download it!
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is still a lot of fun, but i think part 1 had better response to movements.
lenseven ratingfive i play it it was so fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfour it's pretty goto
lentwentynine ratingone when the game title comes up by who made it.it stays there for awhile and once i tap it.it goes back to my page on my phone.
lenthree ratingone gay gay gay
lenfour ratingfive phenomenal action platform game.
lenfive ratingfive works perfectly with lg motion.
lentwelve ratingfour and here i thought nothing could beat the original temple run game.
lennineteen ratingfour my phone gets stuck sometimes when i go back to run from the upgrade menu but no big deal.
lenfour ratingfive excellent game.very addictive
leneleven ratingfive this game rocks its a thrill to play so download it
leneight ratingfive it keeps you playing for hours and hours
lenfive ratingfive the new version is amazing
lenfifteen ratingfour gud graphics.but some part of the game is  similar to the game rail rush
lenthree ratingfive stop playing it
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics is awesome n game's concept is mindblowing.jusy curious what happens next.
lenseven ratingfive it is an addictive game temple run.
lensix ratingfive its exellent game from first version
lenfive ratingfive awesome game and kicking graphics!
lenseventeen ratingfive i thought the first one was good, this one is even better, is the third in development?
lenseven ratingfive works great on my note 2 and galaxy 10.1.
lenfive ratingfive this is totally a blast!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i would advice u giys to get it cuz its graphics are amazing, some new features are out and theres new challenges!
leneight ratingfive i give this 5 stars cause it deserves it! :)
lenthree ratingfive superb game la
lenten ratingfive love the game better than the 1st one more fun stuff
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game ! :)
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseven ratingfive although the backgrounds could have been better.
lenthirteen ratingfive even more fun than tr1but the best runner reflex game ever is subway surfer
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive ive had this game 4 2 days nd ive played it 200x i think im adicted
lenten ratingfive this is a lot hard than the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive but it is fun and addicting!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive!
leneleven ratingfive a lot better graphics and a lot more interesting to play.
lenfive ratingfive great improvement from temple run 1.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the amazing this is better than the first one temple run this is better operate on s3 better you should play this game
lenfour ratingfour really fun and addictive
lensix ratingfive great app, better than first one.
lentwelve ratingfive at some places graphics are confusing, but it makes run more challenging :)
lenseven ratingfive graphic is as solid as the gameplay.
lenfourteen ratingfive the first was good this is even more dynamic and love the mine train
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive an improvement from the first game, nice graphics and good design.
lenfive ratingfive i thoroughly enjoy this game.
lenseventeen ratingfour the design is way better than the previous tr, but there's a lack of sensitivity control.
leneighteen ratingfour it'll be cool if you could add a sensitivity toggle like you did on the previous game. :)
lentwo ratingfive excelente juego
lenseven ratingthree nice game but must hv stage concept.
lentwo ratingfive coooooooooooooool gammmmmmmne
lennine ratingfive improves on the already great original in every way.
lenfive ratingfive addictive and lots of fun!
lenfour ratingfive what a great game.
lenfive ratingfive grandma even loves this game!
lenfive ratingfive need to fix the glich
lenten ratingthree it was great at first but then it stop working
lensix ratingfive but, it gets routine after sometime.
lenthree ratingfive changing the themes.
lenfifteen ratingfive having option to switch between the countries/jungles/themes like in nfs will be awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneight ratingfive very nice n mindblowing game  very good exelent
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting!
lenseven ratingfive the best game ever made for android.
leneight ratingfive much better than the original and very addicting!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lentwo ratingfour nice job
lensix ratingfour but sometimes stutters and ignores commands.
lenfortyseven ratingthree i have an lg thrill p925 and i  downloaded  the app yesterday and i tried playing it today and it wont play itopens up to the screen with the greens s on it and then it takes like 7-10 seconds to load then it just closess out plz fix
leneight ratingfive so much fun, can't put it  down.
lenthree ratingfive must game hai
lenthirteen ratingfive amazing game really the makers have done well but though its not perfect
lentwelve ratingfour i did not play temple run 2 because i did not like it.
lenthirteen ratingfive really good i love how u made it hard to play very creative
lennine ratingfive really nice game but more ram using in tab.
lenthree ratingfive amazing game ever
lentwentysix ratingfour it's exciting when you play and hard and tricky only the part where the narrow platform appears it's good and the mining cart part!
lenfive ratingfive better than temple run1 good game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenseven ratingfour makes me scream when the character dies ?
lenseven ratingfour hoping for an update for some glitches.
lenfive ratingfive i personally like 2 better than 1!
leneight ratingfive this game graphics are very good and cool.
leneight ratingfive the world in this game is so awesome.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy playing it.
leneight ratingfive its cool than temple run love this forever:)
lenseventeen ratingthree i keep trying to save myself in the mine and all it does is take my gems!
lentwo ratingfive eccellent game
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
leneight ratingfour better then the first wan overall great game.
lenseven ratingfive good a lot better then the first
lenthree ratingfour nice free game
lentwo ratingfive assome game.
lensix ratingfive very nice graphics i like it.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive but my coins dont add crap it cause to log den i quit it my gem are decrease and my record is no recorded :(  but still great and pls add more scenes
lentwo ratingfive incredibly addictive!
lenfive ratingthree some traps are not visible.
leneight ratingthree way too much tilt needed to stay on.
lenfive ratingfive very good graphics ,. more stuff.
lenthree ratingfive more coins,gems.
lennineteen ratingfive this game is way better than temple run 1 the pictures make it look hard but it really is not.
lentwelve ratingfive if u really challenge yourself you can get to1 million, like i did.
lentwelve ratingfive when u get to 1,500,000 sometimes u can get to a 3rd or 4th minecart.
lensixteen ratingfive when u predict how fast he was going at 1,500,000 he is probably running 10 miles per hour.
lennine ratingfive if i learn something else i'll post it
lenfive ratingfour big improvement over the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is really cool and without a doubt the best game ever made :)
lensix ratingfour graphic glitch every once and awhile.
lenfourteen ratingfour game will freeze and kick you out 3/5 times when you use save me twice.
lenseventeen ratingfour some times the sprinting power up will just throw you straight off a ledge sometimes as well.
leneight ratingfour other than that its a fun addicting game
lentwenty ratingfour when i was playing temple run 2 i had a lot of things upgraded and the game just erased it self
lenseven ratingfive graphics are good its the best game
lensix ratingfour i play subway surfers more, though.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much
lenfive ratingfour this game is absolutely outstanding. .
lenthirteen ratingfive the interface is very good though it has a few bugs in objectives
lennine ratingfive runs really smooth and is much fun to play.
lenten ratingfive nice game to make free time into a happy one.
lenseventeen ratingone very poor sensor can't jump and turn while we telit de phone and gorilla attacks sucks
lennine ratingfour great.better than the first part of temple run
lenseven ratingfive no wrds 2 describe.graphics r hilarious den 1!
lensix ratingfive best game ever plain n simple
lenten ratingfive mantap lehenet, graphic is great, plus u can fox now
lenten ratingfive addictive.nyc one guyz go get it.keep it up
lensixteen ratingone how did they an age to make temple run 1 so good and temple run 2 so crap!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive inteligent game temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive really enjoying the change up from time to time in the run.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive its fab from temple run 1.
lensixteen ratingfive same as the first part great game to play both on my iphone 5 and nexus tablet.
lenthirteen ratingfive iam completely addicted but it would be better if it had differant maps
lenseventeen ratingfive i have had no problems with the game and it is better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingthree lags a lot
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is great but its impossible to get a good score because of the mincart part.
lentwentyfive ratingfour there are points when you have around 5m when u turn then have no time to react for the next turn its all based on luck.
lentwenty ratingfour things like turning in the mine cart is very difficult to do with swiping, it could have been done better.
lennine ratingfour otherwise this is the best temple run ever :-d
lentwentytwo ratingfive the game was very funny before, but now it are more difficult, so it are not so easy to ly it down;-)
lenfifteen ratingfive i should give it zero stars as it so addictive that its gonna my exam
lenten ratingfive i have it on my acer tablet & my samsung galaxy s3.
lenfour ratingfive flows beautifully on both
lenfourteen ratingfive excellent game loving playing it and when i get big runs i feel fab!
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lentwentythree ratingthree game is awesome, but i have lost so many diamonds and coins after clicking save me, where it's immediately crashing and closing.
lentwo ratingfive hella fun :)
leneight ratingfive awesome game i'm waiting for temple run 3
lenseven ratingfive cool graphice lrefer this to temple run
lennineteen ratingthree lags a lot and when i collect jewels it never saves them and says i don't have any.
lenfive ratingfive amazing just plain and simple
lenfive ratingfive kids and i love it.
leneight ratingfour awesome game if you have some free time.
lentwentyone ratingfive i think its the best temple run andd my 2nd favorite game it also think u should make  a temple run three
lennine ratingfive i love temple run 2 better then the first one
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is awesome but i think that the game is a bit slow .
leneighteen ratingfive fantastic actually im from america queen street and i was gettin bord in india so i installed it
lenfive ratingfive game is addicting and fun.
leneight ratingfive best graphics phone game yet it runs smooth
lennineteen ratingtwo i really love this game because i'm so addicted with temple run 1 after i heard about temple run 2.
lensixteen ratingtwo i was so excited and downloaded this game but my device can't load the game.
leneight ratingtwo i already reinstalled but still happen the same.
leneight ratingtwo please help, i'm thirsty with this game :(
lentwo ratingfive enjoying playing.
leneight ratingfive keep making this kind of award winning game.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for making it free.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive cool games.
lensix ratingfive just 3 words its awesome.great, brilliant
lenten ratingfive my 8 yr old stepson got me hooked to this game.
lenseven ratingfive you can pause it if need be.
lenfive ratingfive its just fun and challenging .
lenthree ratingfive vry god game
lenthree ratingfive im a addicta
lenfive ratingfive must look forward yo play.
lenfive ratingfive another wonderful game by imangi.
lenthree ratingfive no doubt amazing.
lenfour ratingfive love it, absolutely fabulous
leneleven ratingone i've tried downloading 3 times but it just keeps saying error # .
lensix ratingone i've even uninstalled temple run.
lennine ratingone still won't download on my galaxy s advance.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is loads better than test run and its just awsome
lenfour ratingfour good game enjoyaing this.
lenfive ratingfive wooooooooooop this is awesomely adicting peeps
leneight ratingfive one is great, this is a lot better.
lenfourteen ratingfive luv the second edition of temple rum is a really time killer.good job.
lentwelve ratingone i paid $9.99 for the 150,000 coin pack and i never received the coins.
leneight ratingone i was charged and got the confirmation email.
leneleven ratingone i emailed the developers 5 days ago and never got a reply.
lentwenty ratingone the game is fun but i never got what i paid for and the customer support doesn't exist apparently.
lennine ratingfive i love it ,sara7a its much better than temple run 1 <3
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing
lenseven ratingfive n i miss d wings of tmplerun-1
lenfifteen ratingfive one my htc onex the control s are very fluent and the graphics are amazing.
leneight ratingfive i like it better  than the first one! :)
lenseven ratingfour lagging always hurts but good game overall.
lenthree ratingfour needs more characters.
lenfourteen ratingfour the shield power up is stupid and pointless, it should be replaced with invisibility.
lenthree ratingfive realistic and tricky!
lenfive ratingfive its more fun and challenging!
lenseven ratingfive looking for more places in the game.
lensix ratingfive loving the new graphics and minecart
lentwo ratingfive mast mast
lennine ratingfour great improvement, but can't turn off the sound.
lentwentyone ratingone bught a 500 gem pack today for 20 bucks and nothing credited for a purchase, wont rate higher until get what paid for.
lenseven ratingone debating uninstall due to this as well.
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first temple run, but this one is far superior!
lenten ratingfive great graphics, no lagging.just awesome all the way around.
leneleven ratingfive i think this version is more addicted than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive more adventure.
lentwo ratingfive more fun.
lensix ratingfive 2 thumbs up and i keep losing
leneight ratingfive it's a fabulous game with cool graphics .
lennine ratingfive one of t best games which i generally play
lentwo ratingfive super graphics,,,.
leneight ratingthree when i use save me it force closes.
lenten ratingthree need to fix this other then that game is amazing
lenseven ratingfive awesome by imang.we want temple run 3 !
lentwo ratingfive awesomw game
lenfour ratingfour it lags a little
lentwelve ratingfive great game, though a sensitivity setting in the android would be great
lenthree ratingfive amazing on note 2.
lenfour ratingfive a good runing game;)
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphic, 2-3 mode merge, addicting
lenfive ratingtwo every time gets stop unwantedly.
lenseventeen ratingfive overall very good game.problem with all running games is speed which is very harmful to eyes
lenthree ratingfive extremely awesome graphics
leneight ratingfour vibrant colors addictive great comeback by imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfour im loving it!
lennine ratingfive fix level 8 problem.overall its a  very good game
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game but starts to skip when going faster on the droid 4.
lenseventeen ratingfive very addicting, they really did a great job, just imagine what they will include in temple run 3.
lenseventeen ratingfive i hope they implement more things you can do alongside with the mining carts and rope glides.
lenseven ratingfive playing on a htc one x plus.
lennine ratingfive you all must download this and rrate or love
leneight ratingfour addictive fun,awesome game hard to put down
leneight ratingfive very awesum game  mch better than tempke run 1.
lennine ratingfive this game is f****** awesome =) can't wait for 3
lentwenty ratingthree they definitely improved over the original which was the first of it's kind and a classic game to play.
lentwelve ratingthree huge improvements make it the absolute best running game on the market!
leneleven ratingthree a must have for people that want to enjoy killing sometime.
lenthirteen ratingthree please add facebook leaderboards so you can compete against your friend's score.
lennine ratingthree adding more playability and this game will recieve 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive best game app ever!
lennine ratingfive nice additions and the original fun gameplay is retained.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful game
lenfour ratingfive really really fun game.
lenthree ratingtwo need updating fast!
lentwo ratingfive nice job
leneight ratingfour great game so far since i have played
leneight ratingfive in love wd the game.5 stars from me.
lenseventeen ratingfour lags when over two-hunderand thousand kivjs you off so annoying but other than that good game
lenfive ratingfour been waiting for this game.
lenfifteen ratingfour when i hit save me it backs me out and it gives me negative gems!
lentwo ratingfive more exciting
lennine ratingfour this one is as awesome as the earlier version.
lenfourteen ratingfour good new powers and all but there's no exit option for this one.
lenthirteen ratingfour i've to press the center button to get to the home screen.
lensix ratingfour cannot exit with the back button.
lenthirteen ratingfour but, this one uses some cpu when i haven't even played it.
lentwentyseven ratingfive i think itll be good ill edit my review later unless it is good.btw on teple run one my high score was2,500,000 without cheats but with wings.
lenfive ratingfive i hope you belive me!
lenthirteen ratingfive only ppl in rl life do bcuz it says in my hi score
leneight ratingfive this game is soso fun fun fun?haha~
lenfive ratingfour very nice additions.and addictive
lensixteen ratingfive taking enough pointer's from agent dash and rail rash to give a get gaming experience.
lentwo ratingfive pure awesomeness
lensixtyseven ratingone when i tried to download it,it was already showing installed!when i added an account,it downloaded fully.then didnt start due to some "error in package".please address this issue.im a huge fan of temple run and it hurts me to give this review.re:finally it downloaded but is now playing a small corner of the phone only.please fix this.its disgusting
lenfour ratingfive it is nice game .,
lentwo ratingfive great game^^
lenninetytwo ratingthree the game is very fun and i love the graphics however the tilting of the phone is just crazy you have to tilt the phone almost side  ways smh but that's nothing compared to losing all the coins i have earned i don't understand why you take away the coins when you die when that's the way of the game you run until you can't no more right.if this don't get fixed soon i will have to delete the game and go back to subway surf :(
leneleven ratingone when i tap save me several time the game hangs up.
lenfive ratingone except that everything is fine.
lenseventeen ratingthree this game is great but it lags some and makes me die will make 5* when fixed thanks
leneight ratingfive this a one hundred x's better than tr1.
lenfive ratingfive it's challenging and addicting.
lenfive ratingtwo not smooth as temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenfour ratingfive love the go cart
lenfour ratingfour improved significantly from original.
leneleven ratingfour it just occasionally froze and took my gems and/or coins.
lennine ratingfour fix that, and easily 6 stars if that were possible.
lenthree ratingfive better frm part 1:::::::::::)
lensix ratingfive m huge fan of temple run 1.
lentwentyone ratingfive now temple run 2 is the second best thing from the arsenal of developers thanks alot for such a great game c
lenfive ratingfive brilliant game great game designs.
lenthirtythree ratingfour amazing,but.custom settings such as sensitivity would be gr8 also shrink the demon monkey ad or makes out hard to see what's in front if you when it's right behind you
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome.
lenfifteen ratingthree this game would be much better if it didn't lag on my samsung infuse .
lenfifteen ratingthree i cant even get over 5,000 cause it lags that bad.fix then ill rate 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive thanx to the developer
lentwentyeight ratingfive omg betta download this it is so cool i got onto the bit in the car so cool i wish i could make the queen download it lol
leneight ratingfour it's better then the first temple run.
lensixteen ratingthree love the game but need a new update as it crashes a lot of the time
lenfifteen ratingone when going on the broken bridges you still fall when going to the right side
lenfour ratingfive this is nice game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenseven ratingthree the first temple run have better view
lenseven ratingfour way better version than the old one.
leneight ratingfour i definitely recommend this one to my friends.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive awesome , so much more exciting then temp 1!
lenfour ratingfive terbaik koko tok abah
leneight ratingfive the huge penis at the end is fumnyt
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive but def five star
leneighteen ratingfive now my son is so addicted to this game he wont let my phone off of his hands!
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics!
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a fantastic game very easy to play and very fast running
lenfive ratingfour nice and fully addicted game
lenfive ratingfour i really love the game.
lennine ratingfour however,  when i use my gems for "save me"
lenfour ratingfour it closes the game.
lenfifteen ratingfour when i go back in my gems are gone and i have to start over.
lensix ratingtwo great game but too many glitches.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfifteen ratingthree the game starts out with fun easy objectives the quickly escalate in nearly impossible feats.
lenten ratingthree level cap can be reached within a few days (lvl 9).
lentwentytwo ratingthree good game but the minor bugs and glitches like jumping at a 90 degree angle off the platforms/map and running on air.
lenseven ratingthree scored 11 mil try to beat me :d
lenseven ratingfive its a good game and sooooooooo easy
lennine ratingtwo does not want to tilt and always force closes!
lentwo ratingfive suprbbbbb game.
lennine ratingone i can't even open the @!#& game this blows
lenseven ratingfive i love temple run and temple run 2
lenten ratingfour well, a little laggy but the game is still awesome.
lenfive ratingfive runs really well on nexus 7
lentwelve ratingfive a free, well designed, easy to pick up and addictive 5/5 every time :-)
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game its way better then any other game iv played
leneleven ratingfour loving it very much but correction needed.i completed "midas touch"
leneight ratingfour objective i.e. 1 million (1,000,000) coins but "gold miner"
lenthirteen ratingfour objective i.e. half a million (500,000) is still showing in current objectives list.
lennine ratingfive graphic set to high quality seem little bit lag.
leneight ratingfive nice work, this one's better than ever
lennine ratingfour tilt sensitivity should be increased & exit button not working
lenfourteen ratingfour hey i want to know why temple run 2 is not downloading in my mobile
lenthirteen ratingthree you really need to put more characters, like zach wonder from temple run 1.
lenseventeen ratingthree it also lags at the last moment when i play, and causes me to die a lot.
lenseventeen ratingthree i broke a high score and it crash it in sudden, and my records is not recorded!
lentwo ratingthree da fuq?
lentwenty ratingfour m having an issue from level 4 ma coins are getting reset if i gain more than 2500 coins 2000 coins are deducted.
lennine ratingfour it's irritating guys.i played 260 games till now.
lenfour ratingfour plzz fix this issue.
lennine ratingfive pretty fun and keeps my kids and i entertained.
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game :)
lenfour ratingone it won't load.
leneleven ratingone all i get is the first screen and then it closes.
leneight ratingone pretty upsetting cause i loved the first one.
lenseven ratingone really want to play this one too.
lenthirteen ratingfour games fun but i keep falling through the map and it lags sometimes
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game. . .
lenseventeen ratingthree this game its so much betterthan the first one but i am mad at it right now.
leneighteen ratingthree i had every character and was trying for 5000m without tripping.when i got back on it to play.
lenthirteen ratingthree it had reset and everything was locked like i had just downloaded it.
lenfourteen ratingfive this little bugs happen when i use boost powerup and i take line rope.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive when the boost already gone, my running speed can't slow down.i don't know it just happen to me or not but it happen to me often.but 5 star for this game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive exactly at 12 midnight i had downloaded this heavenly game on 24th jan and ever since i am just not able to stop myself.
lennine ratingfive my family keeps telling me that ramil, stop it.
lenfifteen ratingfive it will spoil your eyes etc etc but i tell you it's too addictive.
lentwentythree ratingfive and let me tell you that scientifically playing such healthy games like temple run one and 2 is not only good for your reflexes.
lenthirteen ratingfive there is a moral story to it,, that,, try try till you succeed!
lennine ratingfive isn't that what life too is all about?
lensix ratingfive too gud graphics never gets old
lenfive ratingfive ultimate game, full of enthusiasm.
leneight ratingfive no more than the best game ever played
lenseven ratingfive awesome game , very much worth the play !
lennineteen ratingone i played it on my sisters ipod and it was great but on my sidekick 4g it keeps force closing!
lensix ratingone maybe a game update will help!
leneleven ratingfive and it's not like i needed another distraction at work.
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game experience.its smoother than the earlier version.and good gaming scenes.good job
lenfourteen ratingfive i think the game is very fun and a great sequel to the first.
leneighteen ratingfive though i can agree that the sensitivity could use a little tweaking, other than that it's fine.
leneight ratingfive better than the first and tons of fun!
leneleven ratingfive absolutely the best game that i've played in a while!
lennine ratingthree enjoying temple run 2 but i find its extremely glitchy.
lentwentyeight ratingthree ill be right into a good run and then for some reason there is a delay and i cant make a turn or jump and end up dying.
lenten ratingthree its not quite as smooth operating as the first one.
lensixteen ratingthree i think this needs to be addressed, once fixed the game will be a 5 star hit.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix this so we will be one step ahead of iphone again!
leneight ratingfive this game is soso fun fun fun?haha~
lenten ratingfive super classic marvellous bravo game that cannot be rated 1 star
lenfive ratingfive its amazing.m lovin it.
lensix ratingfive its far beter dan temple run :)
lentwenty ratingfive it is so fun temple run 1 is fun is fun but number 2 is so much fun hope they make number 3
lensix ratingfive soooo much better than the original.
lentwo ratingfive more excited
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run!
leneighteen ratingone the game is nothing like the first one and the controls are lagged.would not recommend a download
lentwo ratingfour damn addicting
lenfive ratingfive love it (: works great on gs3
lenten ratingfive its a very obvious  game wonderful to play try it.
lennineteen ratingfive i was playing tr 1, got bored of the game, unlock everything but this is new life of the game!
lenten ratingfive i am wondering if anyone here got the idol already.
lenthirteen ratingfive i kept running and running and running and can't find the idol.
lenfour ratingfive great game loved it
lentwentyeight ratingfour it's cool i don't like sound when i play so to not be able to mute fully is a little annoying but i like the game
lenfive ratingone stuck at double resurrection goal.
lenthree ratingone crashes ofter regardless.
lentwo ratingone heavy microstutter.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive twice as nice as temple run .
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is a great game to play when you're bored and trying to kill time.
leneight ratingfour it gets pretty repetitive, but still highly enjoyable.
leneight ratingfive it's the best game for time pass.
lensix ratingfive work perfectly fine in my galaxy s3.
lenten ratingfive this game keeps me busy and it is very fun
lenthirtynine ratingfive this game is awesome and works on other phones but this motorola droid 3 system needs updated so it doesnt glitch on games like this and future games, or at least make the game so its compatible for this phone.
lentwenty ratingfive this game is soooo much better than temple run and hopefully there will be a 3rd which will be even better
lenfive ratingfive better than the temple run 1.
lentwentysix ratingtwo i love the game but i purchased in app and never got the product or a response to my inquiry emails through google wallet so beware.
lenten ratingfive love it, but a accelerometer sensitivity setting would be helpful.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthirtysix ratingone i thick that this will be great game but after installing the phone scream show just msn running and ehile scream occupied by something else please cheak that scream size of game till then 5 star due
lenten ratingfour the graphics are good but it keeps deleting my coins
lenseven ratingfour great upgrade from the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics. .
lensix ratingfive the best  game in the world
leneight ratingfive awesum game vry gud graphics n brilliant work.
lenthree ratingfive thanks to makers
lenthirtytwo ratingfour great game but every time i use save me 2 or 3 times it closes out and i lose all my progress and have no new highscore please fix this it is very frustrating.
lenseven ratingfour other than that its my favorite game
lenfifteen ratingfive love this game, better than the first, just spend way too much time playing it
lenfour ratingfive father of temple run 1
lennineteen ratingthree love the app, but keeps force closing when using save me option and looses all progress during that run.
lenthirteen ratingthree also has gliches every now and then and skips to a different spot.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 ni best
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfour a little lag on the banking but other than that great game
lenfour ratingfour better than previous version.
lenseven ratingfour needs some tutorials when running on track
lenseven ratingthree the accelerometer controls needs to be fixed.
lenten ratingthree the game lags too much even on ultra low graphics.
lennine ratingthree the tilt controls often freeze making the game unplayable.
lenthree ratingthree xperia arc s
lenfour ratingfive aswome game really works
lensix ratingfive great game better then temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive best game ,nicer than the temple run.1
lensix ratingfive great game very addicting and entertaining!"
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingthree feels like i have have no control over player.
leneight ratingthree feels like i get sucked to corners automatically
lenfive ratingfive better than regular temple run
lensixteen ratingfour every couple of times i try to use a save me out locks up and freezes.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game!
lenseven ratingfive i love it i'm absolutely addicted!
lentwenty ratingfive this game is like so cool if you think not to install it then your so werd so install ok.! ;-)
lentwo ratingfive simply addicting
leneleven ratingfive what a game , amazing game cann't get better than it
lenseven ratingfive it's a great game to play
lenseven ratingfive part 2 is effin awesome,, a mining tunnel?!
lenthree ratingfive lol love it!
lennine ratingfive everything you liked about the first game plus more.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive game nice looking,i like the car <3
lenfive ratingfive awesome but one annoying glitch
lenfive ratingfive better then first one lol
lenfifteen ratingfour the game is awesome and very addictive but i have a complain for the developers.
lenforty ratingfour when a power up is in use, and the same power up is taken again while the first one is in use, the 2nd power up is wasted i.e the time for which the power up stays isn't added.
lentwelve ratingfour hope you guys fix this and i'll give a 5 for sure :)
lenten ratingfour how can this app laggy on the best android tablet?
lenfive ratingfour using nexus 10 and it lags.
lenseven ratingfour other than lagging it's great^o^
lenthirteen ratingone when i try to save me sometimes game freezes and goes negative gems
lentwo ratingfive total addiction!
lenfive ratingone will try reinstalling the game
leneighteen ratingfour the game has improved graphics and more dynamic gameplay than the first temple run and many other runners.
lenfourteen ratingfour i like the new powerup and save me abilities in the game as well.
lentwentyeight ratingfour the only issue i have with the game is that sometimes obstacles spawn directly after each other in a way that can't be cleared without a powerup.
lenfourteen ratingfour other than that, it's a great game for short bouts of time wasting.
lentwelve ratingfour i really like playing this game, alot better then the first one
lenfive ratingfive it amazeing i love it
lenten ratingfive this game is best for every one who like toplay
lenten ratingfive i love this game and can't stop playing it :)
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingone downloaded but wont open.
lenfive ratingtwo lags and stops needs updates!
lenseven ratingfive can't get the game to start.
leneight ratingfive i really would like to play the game.
lenthree ratingfive love temple run.
leneight ratingfive it is so fun and has great courses
lenfive ratingfive this game is just amazing
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfour looks like a super fun game downloading it right now
lenfour ratingfive smoth and good looking
lenfive ratingfive smooth and colorful on the s3.
lenseven ratingfive liked the first one like the second.
leneight ratingfive more thrilling and harder than the first one
leneight ratingone you should make a temple run multiplayer one.
lentwentynine ratingfive perfect and intuitive gameplay coupled with new, innovative terrain and the new minecart sections, along with an incredible new look that is approximaty 50x more attractive than the last game.
lenfour ratingfive could not reccomend more.
lentwo ratingfour awsum game.
leneight ratingfour but is working very slow in mah cell.
lensix ratingfour but enjoying a lot while playing.
lenfive ratingfive its hard but loving it
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much
leneleven ratingfive its way better than tha first but they  are both cool
lentwo ratingfive love ir
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than temple run the original.
lenseven ratingfive hope they make a third temple run.
lenfour ratingfive freezes when i die.
lenthree ratingfive sensation 4g running ics.
lennine ratingfive it just might be my phone needs a reset.
lenseven ratingfive so i won't blame the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so addicting just like the first one bur even better!
lenfive ratingfive you should download this game!
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneighteen ratingfive i actually like playing this version more than the first, but the first one is still fun regardless.
lennine ratingfive who needs console games with games like these around?
lenseven ratingfive not i! highly recommend it to everyone.
lentwelve ratingfour there are instances of lag which i hope you'd fix soon.
lenfive ratingfive i lovee it great appp
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingfive once again they've claimed the title of the best running game on the market, excellent
lenseven ratingfour awesome follow up.better than the original
lenfive ratingfive the best game temple run2 awesome.
lensix ratingone it won't let me play.
lenfifteen ratingone i click on the app then temple run comes up then 15seconds later it exist out.
lentwo ratingfive more challenging :)
lensix ratingfive it loads then takes me out
lenseven ratingfive don't want to quit playing it!
lennineteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 it majes u feel like your in the game it is better than temple run :-)
lenseventeen ratingfour nice graphics, but it doesnt run smoothly when jumping etc, so i crash alot when i shouldnt
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfour instant gaming gratification.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenseventeen ratingone everytime i try to play it goes to the imangi loading page then it just turns off.
lentwelve ratingone it doesn't even ask me to force close, it just closes.
lensixteen ratingone i tried turning off my phone then turning it back on and that did not work.
lensixteen ratingone then i tried uninstalling it and downloading it again and it still does the same thing.
lentwenty ratingone i have tried downloading it multiple times using wifi, data and going on google instead of the play store app.
lenten ratingone i still cannot dpwnload this game and have it working!
lenten ratingfive this game is so fun its such an addicting game.
lensix ratingfive its 10 times better that temple run 1!
lentwentysix ratingfour it is a addicting game but frequently it lags and stops and now i have -2 gems for no reason.please fix.but still a good game
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet
lenfifteen ratingfour love it it's better then the first 1 they just need to fix the speed
lenfour ratingfive its alot better than 1
lennine ratingfive amazing upgrade temple2,   get some shooting arcade stuff in it.
lenfourteen ratingone i have galaxy s and wont even go passed the first screen and crashes
lenten ratingfive this is soo awesome and not only that its free!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i thought it would still be a boring running game but no you can swing on vines and carts that carry you
lenthirteen ratingone when i try to open temple run 2 on my nook, it closes out.
lenseven ratingfour there is much more attention to detail.
leneighteen ratingfour such as if you trip while the money is on screen, he grabs you an flings you around.
lensix ratingfour also, different characters have different powers.
lennine ratingthree a good game in general, just lags too much.
lenfive ratingfour need sensitivity and more characters
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game cool and entertaining
lenfourteen ratingfive can't wait till temple run 3 this is great tell in everyone  "bout this
lenthirteen ratingfive took everything the original did and made it more fun and more addictive.
leneighteen ratingfive only thing that might have improved it is by being able to see a complete list of objectives
lenfive ratingfive excellent app, albeit completely addictive.
lennineteen ratingfive there is nothing negative i can say, except i would maybe prefer it if the characters had unique traits.
leneight ratingfive but all in all, a brilliant wee game.
lenfifteen ratingone it has literally never loaded on my phone an i have tried at least 60 times
lenseventeen ratingfive if you have problems, click the menu button and then click settings, finally, put  quality on best.
lenseven ratingfour amazing upgrade from the first temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfour only problem is that it crashes sometimes when you try and use a gem to "save me".
lenthirteen ratingthree great game altogether, but there is one glitch the developers should look into.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i have noticed several times that when i get a boost and then get one the ropes, sometimes there is some problems.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree a) character slows down a lot on the rope section b) when you get off the ropes, the boost continues (what seems more rapid than normal), and the collision prevention is gone.
lennineteen ratingthree almost every time this happens, my game is over, because suddenly everything is boosted, but there is no protection.
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lenseven ratingfive great game to pay to kill time.
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and very fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game <3
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addicting!
lenthree ratingfive way better quality!
lentwentyone ratingfive this is awesome the graphics and everything only lag is when you turn it doesn't turn when u want to
lennine ratingone it gets boring fast and it's too easy.
lenfourteen ratingone temple run 1 was better there are still a lot of bugs in this too
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game, it is very addicting game i will download this app
leneight ratingone keepw crashing when u try to open it.
lensix ratingone didnt even play this game yet
lenfive ratingfive much better then temple run 1!
lenseven ratingfive very creative twist for an awesome sequel
lentwelve ratingone every time i try to open the app it keeps force closing!
lentwo ratingfive md atiqul
lenfive ratingfive good graphics and easy play.
lenseven ratingfour love this game and better than the 1st.
lenseventeen ratingfour only problem is that sometimes it gets glitchy and doesn't run right but that's rare
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive this game definitely cedes  the first temple run.
lentwentyeight ratingfive it introduces a well done new coin/gem system, and they make their money without making non-payers too split on whether or not to buy a few.
leneleven ratingfive it also introduces new art, and a new mine cart "biome"
lenfive ratingfive that is fun and challenging.
lennineteen ratingfive the entire app was released  without too many bugs, and the developers seem to know what they are doing.
lenfive ratingone looks like a good game.
lenthirteen ratingone i wouldn't know because i can't get pass the title screen
lentwo ratingfive major upgrade
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lennine ratingfour game developers did a pretty good job with this.
lentwelve ratingfour i like the new variety of adding in the cart on tracks.
leneight ratingfour i still like the first game better though.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i haven't found a way to adjust the sensitivity so i don't have to lean my phone over as much.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game ever love it!
lenfive ratingfive it is an awesome game
lenfour ratingone keeps saying file invalid.
lensix ratingfive easy fun my kids love it.
lentwelve ratingfive looks like this app starts just from where the last app stopped
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenfive ratingfive i just cant stop playing.
lenten ratingfive this temple run is more challenging and have better graphics
lenseven ratingfive really nice game but i expect more.
lenfour ratingfour slow response at times.
lennineteen ratingone this game lags horribly on my tablet and doesn't allow me to jump, slide, or tilt without dying.
lentwo ratingone absolutely awful.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfive ratingfive its a very awesome game! :)
leneight ratingfive even better and more colorful than the original!
lenthree ratingfour eddie diaz sucks
lensix ratingfive a very nice and improved app .
leneleven ratingfive i can tell the difference between templ run 1 and temple run 2
lennineteen ratingone do not buy anything in game you will never receive  will change to better rating if i ever receive
lentwentyseven ratingfive the thing they need to do is name different maps, but this will suffice as a fun little time killer with vastly improved graphics from the original.
leneleven ratingthree fun game, however the game opens upside down on my screen.
lennine ratingthree it still works fine but it is rather odd.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is soooooooooo awesome it has all sorts of new stuff!
lenfourteen ratingfive who ever says this game is not good they dont know what there missing!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingfive this game is just unbelievably awesome!
lenfive ratingthree good way to kill time
lenfive ratingfive i could't stop playing
lenseven ratingfive request you to get the exit option.
lenseven ratingfour on my alcatel phone, it freezes sometimes.
leneight ratingfour when i swipe it doesn't always process.
lensix ratingfour the head starts sometimes never stop.
leneleven ratingfour so sometimes the glitches help me, and sometimes they hurt me.
lennine ratingfour nice graphics and the objectives keep you coming back!
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lenten ratingthree there are still bugs that need to be worked out.
lenfifteen ratingthree sometimes all of the coins that i have collected over several games are completely erased.
lenseven ratingthree also, the game will randomly shut down.
lennine ratingfive i think temple run 2 is th best game ever!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is best running game ever
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome app!
lensix ratingfive very fun and totally worth downloading!
lentwentytwo ratingfive and, yes it may be laggy once in a while, but it fixes it self and goes on being an amazing game!
lenseven ratingfive simply exhilarating when i first played this.
lenthree ratingfive amazing job guys!
lensix ratingfive i love everything in this game.
lenten ratingfive temple run n temple run 2, both are in my phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like the extras i would tell my friends to get this game its nice
lenfour ratingfive i like it alot.
lenseven ratingfive this game is awsome i love it
lenfour ratingfive my cousin loves it
lenfive ratingfive really fun for short plays.
lenfour ratingfive simple, fun, and enthralling.
lentwo ratingfour muy bueno
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive all the best of the original and better
lenforty ratingfour its awesome but i have to hold my phone e upside down to play its weird but if that's the worst thing aboutthis game then i'm good with it no freezes or glitches yet o. my zte warp
lentwelve ratingone every time i download it shows the opening screen and then crashes!
lensix ratingfive can't put my phone down.
lenfive ratingfive this game is just amazing!
lenseventeen ratingtwo this game is not working in my htc one x. after downloading,it says "invalid error code"
lenfour ratingfive the game play is gr8t :)
leneleven ratingfour would rate five stars but have noticed a couple of glitches.
lensixteen ratingfour i have noticed a few glitches, have fallen through the ground on a couple of occasions
lenfour ratingfive this gamee iss awesomeeee !
lenfive ratingfive this game is super awesome
leneleven ratingfive way better than the first one and the graphics are sweet.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive my little girl loves it
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better then the first one!
lenfour ratingfive way better game play.
lentwenty ratingfive such a good game thought it was like the first it suprised me how wonderful it u hav 2 downlaod it!? :)
lenthree ratingfive better den da 1st 1!
lentwelve ratingfour it takes too musch to load five stars when you fix it
lenfive ratingfive better than the first temple
lenthree ratingfive awsome game ever!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is really cub a little better then the first one
lentwentytwo ratingfour just gets repetitive and the first one was a little more difficult than this one because it was a lot more faster.
lenten ratingfour overall, its still hot and better than the first version.
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooo much
leneleven ratingthree i havent been able to even open it and play it.
lenfourteen ratingthree everytime that i tap the app to open it, it just closes without loading!
lenthirteen ratingfour good game but freezes and it wont let u in all the time
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive this game had made a gigantic step from the first one.
lentwenty ratingfive the graphics simply look beautiful and you can do way more stuff, like travel in a tunnel on a cart
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time!
leneleven ratingfour its much more exciting than the first, a actually good sequal!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive kool game had no idea that their is tempel run 2 but my frend told me and my other frend showd me in her ipod and i was like have to downloud it love  it
lenfifteen ratingthree im going to be nice and do 3 stars no then it wont download for me.
lenthirteen ratingthree i like this game, it awesome but it sucks that it wont download
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive i play this all day.
lenseven ratingfive i've neglected all my other games
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it!
lenfourteen ratingfive if u like temple run and subway surfers then temple run 2 is good 4 u
lenseventeen ratingone love the first temple run but can't play the the second on my t-mobile sidekick.
lenthree ratingone the application crashes.
lentwelve ratingfour my phone is to fast for this game to be so slow.
lentwentysix ratingone the only thing that needs fixed is every time i use a crystal, the app freezes, shuts off and subtracts a crystal ?rd of the time.
lennine ratingfive better graphics love it better then the first one.
lentwenty ratingfour only issue is that the game occasionally crashes after i die and i try to use the save me option.
leneighteen ratingfour also has a latch frame rate at times, but other than those 2 issues, its a really good gamr
lenseven ratingone i have screen problem on my lg e400.
lenfourteen ratingfour love the new design with the new zip line and mine cars and color.
lentwentyfour ratingfour needa work on the turning kinda lacks on turning it makes it harder to turn need to fix the glitches too on a acer a500
lenthirteen ratingthree but when i opened the app today, all of my progress was lost.
lentwelve ratingthree now i am playing the tutorial and all the other stuff again.
lentwelve ratingtwo to laggy it would be 5 star if the lag didnt kill me
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive love it so addicting
leneight ratingfour i love this game its fun and distracting :)
lenfifteen ratingtwo love the game, but it keeps crashing and not letting me continue games i start.
lenten ratingtwo lost high score of over 300 thousand and was not happy.
lentwentyone ratingtwo please fix this so i can try for a high score.will rate it 5 stars when it stays on my phone.
lentwentyfive ratingone this sucks it wont open on my phone i would love to actually get to play it when i do i will change my rating
lensix ratingfive more fun than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive and more challenging too.
lenseven ratingfive and it runs on my gnex running cm10!
lenfive ratingfive love the game better than 1
lentwelve ratingfive all the greatness of the previous game without the lag and glitchiness.
lenfifteen ratingfive if only the coin magnet had a multiplier nd the other abilities could be disabled.
leneleven ratingone i can't even open the apparently on my galaxy s2 smh
leneight ratingone can not control very well on droid pro.
leneight ratingone very choppy n sluggish since the rio update.
lenten ratingone never had an issue w original or the new york.
lentwo ratingfive 7 words: awesome!
lennine ratingfive this game is so incredible love the game play
lenfive ratingtwo i tried purchasing some gems.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo the charge has appeared on my debit card but no gems appeared in my account :(. quire disappointing that i've lost real money and didn't get anything in return at all.
lenten ratingthree love the game but the swipe needs to be fixed.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is better and easier than the  first.imangi studios has done it again!
lennine ratingfive it's a fun game?i really like it.
lenthirteen ratingfive great graphics and everything and thank you for putting it in google play :)
leneight ratingfour good game worth downloading lot's of fun :)
leneleven ratingfive this is one of the best games i have ever played
lentwelve ratingfour this the greatest version of temple run i could play all day!
lentwo ratingfive like 3d game
lensixteen ratingthree i can't download, i have tried several times and it says the file is invalid.
lenfive ratingfive very good game love it
lensix ratingfive this game better than the first
lenseven ratingfive i can play this on my ipad
lenfive ratingone i cant install the app.
lenfour ratingfive works great, great graphics.
lenforty ratingone u guys need to update it so i can play it now because ive only played it a few times and then it stays on the loading screen and closes and i'm reinstalled it still does the same thing
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenseven ratingfive love it more than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingfive its such a fun game and hard at first then gets easy.
lenthirteen ratingfive i like the ziplines and the tunnels (: and all the waterfalls and stuff
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingtwo games great!
lentwentyone ratingtwo but i've gotten 20 million and out of know where my app resets and start me back at 0 gems and 0 coins;(
lenten ratingfive this game is so awesome like i really like it
lenfour ratingfive keola fun game ever
lentwo ratingtwo title sorry
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive really fun game!
lenseventeen ratingfive its beast!i think i better get rid of the old and in with the new ;d
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lensix ratingfour i love the mining cart part.
leneleven ratingone the game is fucked up lags like hell and its stupid!
lentwo ratingfive pretty fum
lenfive ratingfive that's it pure fun
leneight ratingthree delayed glitches which kills me htc one x
lenten ratingfour wow what a change in graphics and landscape its amazing!
lentwelve ratingfour no complaints at all just wish you could create your own character
lentwentysix ratingthree i didn't like it as much as temple run 1 , i think you should improve the colors in the game and think out side the box.
lennine ratingfive this temple run is way better than the first.
lentwo ratingfive more movements.
lentwo ratingfive better graphics.
lenfive ratingfive i like the curved paths.
lensix ratingfive i would definently recommend this game
leneleven ratingthree doesn't quite make me giddy like the first one did.
lenseven ratingfour my friends and i love this game.
lensix ratingfour we play it all the time.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
leneightysix ratingfour generally it seems that the game improved a lot, the outlook is at least a whole new level, but the gameplay itself does not shine that much. - no sensitivity adjustment possible, step back from the first game - no magnet multiplier, so the store is really expensive + buying new characters now makes sense, not just waste of coins - annoying cave parts with the car (looks great and fun, but it's more like a pain for me)  - fixed objectives, no freedom in doing them as they come
lenfourteen ratingone it goes to my app selections before i could even go to game menu!
lenfourteen ratingone please fix, the game pics look very sick and i cant wait to play!
lennine ratingone can not get game to load on samsung galaxy.
lennine ratingfive a fun game to play and waste time with.
lentwo ratingfive badass game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfive i like this game n more challenge, thank you imangi
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game it os fun i will give it 5 stars
lenthree ratingthree cool and hard
leneighteen ratingfive everytime i jump over a rolling spiky thing 1/3 times i die landing into the water fall right after.
lenthree ratingfive imangi please help
lentwentysix ratingfour whenever i die and i use a gem to come back it just locks up and closes, once you fix that the game will be perfect!
lentwelve ratingfive i love it it lags sometimes but other than that its amazing
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addictive.
lensix ratingfive this game is so much better.
lenfive ratingfour its better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive more stuff better graphics
lenfour ratingfive great game, very addictive.
lennine ratingfive little different from the first game but still good.
lenseven ratingfive nice n smooth.d loading takes time.
lenseven ratingfive but its dy  best game so far.
lenseven ratingfive best mobile game i have ever played
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive nice up-grade
lenseven ratingfive better then temple run much more fun
lenseven ratingfive amazing game 5/5 cant wait for more updates
lenfour ratingfive superb game.very interesting.
lennineteen ratingfour this games awesome but cant get high scores because it tends to lag when alot of animation is happening
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun.
lenfive ratingfive awesome and fun to play :)
lennineteen ratingfive i think that you should be able to customize your character ( hats clothes etc.) and please add indiana jones !
lenfive ratingfive this is a awsome game.
leneight ratingfour need to tilt quite a bit to turn.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive good game love it
lenseven ratingfour nice but it lags in samsung galaxy s3.
lennine ratingfour will update again when i beat it up some.
lenfour ratingfive i love the mineshaft
lensix ratingfive nice, more than a previous version.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenseven ratingfive much more better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive enjoy the graffic.
lensixteen ratingthree great game, but it keeps force closing, only when i use a gem to revive myself.
lensixteen ratingthree it's really annoying because i've gotten really high scores and they don't save.
lenthree ratingfive love the game
leneleven ratingfive awesome app, graphics are amazing i can't believe its free!
lentwentynine ratingfive my only gripe is that its not as sensitive as the 1st temple run so i die a lot more when i swipe to turn but it keeps going straight.
leneight ratingfive but its such good value considering its free!
lenseven ratingfive best game ever i played on android!
lenfour ratingthree i love this app!
lensixteen ratingthree but it randomly erased all my achievments & powerups, all the stuff that i've worked for!
lensixteen ratingthree and now when i die it won't go to the screen that says "run again"
lennine ratingthree it just freezes on the screen where i died.
leneight ratingthree and i'll change my rating to 5 stars. :)
lenseven ratingfive great app and i love the challenge
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive actually cant stop playing it .
lenthree ratingfive great free game
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much!
lensix ratingfive love this game its so addicted.
leneight ratingfive love it, so much better than the original
lenfive ratingfive was better than temple run.
lentwenty ratingone every time i download this because it dont work it still dosn't work, do to many people got it
lenseventeen ratingfour i like it i just dont like when i have to start all over once you lose
lenfifteen ratingfive way better than the first one, it didnt run anywhere as smooth then this one.
lenten ratingfour i like alot so much better than three first one.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!
lenfifteen ratingthree when i turn off the tutorial button it doesnt allow me to leave that page.
lentwelve ratingfive really good game so much better than first overall 5 stars boss mode
lenfour ratingfive i love this app.
lenten ratingfour very good but you need to make the objectives easier
lenfour ratingfive better than temple one.
lenfour ratingfive gets high score faster.
lenfifteen ratingfive has the ability to be saved when fall and can do more than just run.
lenseven ratingfive also can change runners with bonus ups.
lenthirteen ratingone it seems that tilt doesn't work on my devices . :(( help me please .
lenthirtythree ratingone this game should keep the person playing money that he oe she earned instead of deleting it that messed up plz read and hopefully you will change into what i said thank you
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is awesome.graphics mainly but the controls/sensitivity is not that good.
leneleven ratingfour on the 1st one,you could set the sensitivity but not here.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour also,it glitches a bit,maybe because of the up and down rolling screen as well as the graphics,so developers,please fix and its not as fast as the first one.
lensixteen ratingfour after playing it heavily,its not better than the first one but its definitely a downloader.
leneleven ratingone so many bug that even made my phone not working properly.
leneight ratingthree its ok and average like the 1st temple-run.
lenfour ratingfour i love temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfour the new tracks and obstacles are great!
lentwentyfive ratingfour the only problem is that the gameplay skips and doesn't recognize my swipes and ends long runs that would otherwise be high-scoring runs.
lenfive ratingfive i suuuck at this game
lentwelve ratingfour it does it more than 75% of the time and its really annoying.
lentwentyone ratingfour it doesnt even give me the stuff i got from the run and it takes the gems is tried to use.
lenseven ratingfour other than that its a greay game.
lenseven ratingfour its way more difficult than the first.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love this games the good thing is that its better than the normal one and it has a tunnel that's even harder
lenseven ratingfour very monotonous but an excellent time waster.
lenfive ratingfive awesome on my galaxy note 2
lenseven ratingone this game will not load     wont play
lenthirtyeight ratingfour alot of my friends think that temple run 2 is stupid and they like the 1st one better (actually only one of my friends think  that) but i think this one is more awesome than the 1st because its more adventurous!1!
lenfive ratingfive better than the first version
lenfour ratingfive great game for android.
lentwenty ratingfive the sensitivity could use some work, or should have stayed customizable like the last time, but i love it anyway
leneight ratingone force closes everytime i go to the app.
lenfive ratingone fix this and definitely 5 stars!
lenseven ratingfive it's just too addictive man lol
leneleven ratingfive awesome game i love it and it is a fun game
lenseven ratingfive it's a fun game to play
leneighteen ratingfive i heard this one was good, but it was way better than i expected, better than the first.
lenfour ratingfive awsome game wow great
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfour great game but the controls are a little glitchy.
lenseventeen ratingfour i have found myself kicked out of the game when pressing save me (and lost my jewel)
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive fun better quality, than the firstc
lenthirteen ratingone it wont let me tilt to collect coins which dissapoints me sooooo much
leneighteen ratingfour awesome game but when you use the gem to save your life it freezes and you lose everything!
lenfive ratingtwo its really fun and adicting .
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lensix ratingfour but glitchy and slow at times
lensix ratingfive love it cant put it down
lentwentysix ratingfive so freaking cool, i love that the paths curve now, and the giant monkey is so friggin awesome :d i wonder what three will bring.0_o
lenten ratingone fix the lag and then i will give it 5 star
lenfour ratingfive very fun and exciting.
lenfour ratingfive luv luv luv it.
lenten ratingfive just as great as the first one, if not better!
lenfour ratingfour it skips a lot.
leneleven ratingfour i was on 9800 when it glitched up and made me die.
lenfive ratingfour update and i give 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the looks of it and the new things in the game!
lennine ratingfive do install this game is awesome and relly fun!
lenfifteen ratingthree it wont it me play in it and i really want to play temple run 2
lensix ratingfive i cannot stop playing so addicting.
lensix ratingfive i love all the new features!
lenseven ratingfive love how they added the mine train.
lenten ratingfive but i think u guys shud add tarzan mode too.
lenten ratingfive like swinging on the rope when we run on forest.
lenfive ratingfive it wud be more awesome.
lenthree ratingfour railcar is fun.
leneight ratingfive this game is even better than the original.
lensix ratingfive awesome 3d effects, new adventures and more.
lenfive ratingfive its gud for time pas
lenten ratingfive nice looking very sharp so addicted lol cant stop playing
lensix ratingfour where did the sensitivity settings go?
leneleven ratingfour the tilt sensitivity is far too low for me to play.
lenfive ratingfour until that is added, 4 stars.
leneleven ratingfive leveling abilities makes the game much more fun to play repeatedly
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics and great music
lentwelve ratingfive this game is like crack once u use it u never stop
lenthirtyone ratingfive its more better than 1 its more interesting than 1  its more than best runner game  and i believe that its best runner game and i believe that what i sayed is perfect
lenfourteen ratingfive great game i love the carts the most it way better than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingthree it would be an amazing game but it lags causing me to lose.
lentwentyfour ratingfive good except for the fact that mine sometimes deletes the browser as im playing if i try to use a gem to revive myself
lensixteen ratingfour it sometimes force closes on it's own but, it's  better than the first one.
lennineteen ratingtwo tilting the runner is a problem as it is not like earlier temple run.which was much more smoother
lenfive ratingfive better than the frist one
lentwo ratingfive look game
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty good.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i love this game, i'd give it 5 stars if it didn't lag so much, plus it's impossible to pass level 8 because the 1 million lifetime distance and 500k coins achievements do go through.
leneleven ratingthree it's impossible to make high scores with the lagging problem.
lenthirteen ratingthree also sometimes when you want to use help me, the game shuts down.
lensix ratingthree crashes sometimes when using save me.
lentwentythree ratingthree if ur using the power up from the left and u pick up the same power up while running it doesn't work.
lenfour ratingthree some objectives are duplicates.
leneighteen ratingthree it is more fun than temple run 1 and i appreciate all the hard work put into this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive need practice for sure.
lensix ratingfive i. am sooooo addicted to it!
lentwelve ratingfive omg its so much fun every body .reds to get this game
leneleven ratingfive all i have to say is just simply awesome just awesome.
lensix ratingfive great game very addicting and entertaining!"
lentwentyfour ratingthree if your phone isn't brand spankin new expect lots o' lag, great game but until they fix the crazy lag 3 stars for now.
lentwenty ratingthree it also takes over 2 minutes to start up which is really irritating but everyone should try this game for sure
lentwentyfive ratingfour love this game but i'm on level 8 and it's so hard to reach 9 not only are the missions hard but they get ridiculous.
lenseven ratingfive this is a good endless runner game!
lentwo ratingfive simply wonderful
lentwentyseven ratingfive this is such an awesome game i love the camera angles and i like how u made it into 1 monster and not like 4 of them great work
lenseventeen ratingthree i love the game but it erases my coins after about 3, 000 and takes it down to zero!
lensixteen ratingone i have a sansung infuse and it crashes when i try to play fix it now
leneight ratingfive this is a better version that the original.
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lennine ratingtwo i had like 2,000 and all the sudden i had 110!
lenfive ratingtwo also lags! .app needs work:-(
leneight ratingfive it's more adventurous i would suggest it
lenthree ratingfive better than brave.
leneight ratingfive a huge improvement on an already great game.
lentwelve ratingfive has adjustable graphics for lower end devices as well which is good
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting!
lenseven ratingfive nothing to say becuase it already perfect
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfour nice fun addicting game
lentwo ratingfive awensome game.
leneight ratingfour even more addicting then the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfour a 5 star game.
lenten ratingfour thank you for making a perfect game like this free.
lenfourteen ratingfour update-just got all of the abilities and afterwards i purchased the coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfour greatest game ever and well worth purchasing the coin doubler to help the dev.
lenthirteen ratingfour update- after purchasing the coin doubler for 4.99, i downloaded it and it worked.
lenthirteen ratingfour after i factory reset my phone, it will not download my coin doubler.
leneight ratingfour it keeps saying i have already purchased it.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i love it but when i exit out of the game it lags really badly i could of give it five stars
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lensix ratingfour a nice improvement on the original.
lenten ratingfive if u dont like temple run then ur missing it.
lensixteen ratingfive if u haven't played temple run then try this 1 cause its way better than the 1st 1.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this is also good for cooling some rage off sometimes or just 2 r&r. its addicting, dosent need internet and dosent strangle ur battery.
lensix ratingfive try it or ur missing out
lenfour ratingone worse then temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingthree takes ages to load fix it please other than that i love it
lenthirteen ratingfive this one is better than the first one this one is very fun
lenfifteen ratingfive it's fun because it has more than just running, but there is much more
lentwentyone ratingfour this reinvented version has a lot of what you like about the original temple run mixed with some great new challenges!
leneleven ratingfour the drawback is in the graphics which tend to be confusing.
lennineteen ratingfive its great u never have to wait nd u get to save your lives with gems lol anent tht g8
lenthirteen ratingtwo i bet its fun, but i can't get passed the loading screen
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfour i enjoyed play this games.
lentwelve ratingfour cannot give 5 star coz there are certain bugs that must be fixed.
leneight ratingfive by far better than the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive great performance, great graphics, great challenges.
lentwentyfour ratingfive only complaint is that the abilities all bit costly, they cost way more than on this one than they do on the first one.
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy s2 skyrocket.
lenthirteen ratingone i installed this game to my phone and it wouldn't even play.
lentwelve ratingone i even restarted my phone to see if that would help.nothing?
lenseven ratingone going to uninstall and give poor review. :(
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run
lentwentytwo ratingone this game is fabulous in every aspect except for the fact that it freezes every time i attempt to use a gem.
lenfifteen ratingone additionally my game often resets on me, stripping me of everything i had previously unlocked.
lensix ratingone this occurred even after re-installation.
leneight ratingone please fix this for me i love playing =(
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!(:
lenfour ratingfive good fun time waster
lentwo ratingfive soooo god
lenseven ratingfour great game just lacks the save feature.
lennine ratingfour sometimes it's irritating to start all over again.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseven ratingfour the game does have a few bugs.
lenthirteen ratingfour every now and then, the game gets stuck and i lose all progress.
lenthree ratingfour epic game, still :)
lensix ratingfive make a deluxe version for free.
lenseven ratingfour i play this thing all the time.
leneight ratingfour would have gotten 5 starts but nothing is perfect
lensix ratingfive hope its goin to be a 3 :)))
lenfive ratingfive awesome game and quite addictive!
lennine ratingfive great game much better than the fake tr2 put up
lentwentyfour ratingtwo when temple run 2 came out on  apple first i was waiting joyfully for this to come on android and i had a big letdown.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the kinks and glitches need to be fixed on it, it lags horribly, its just not the same fun experience i used to have with temple run 1.
lenfourteen ratingone the game is fun but it still had to many bugs to be 5 star.
lentwelve ratingone the loading takes too long and you can't mute it (glitched).
lenseven ratingone when jumping  over gaps it sometimes glitches.
lennineteen ratingone every time i use save me after 5000 meters the game crashes and i don't get what i earned.
lenfour ratingfive better graphics, and scenery!
leneight ratingfive best run and jump game in the market.
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i'v ever played
lenthree ratingfive great interesting game
lentwelve ratingthree it occasionally closes out when i try to use a "save me".
lenfourteen ratingthree it really really annoys me because it only happens when i am doing well.
lenfifteen ratingfour i like this one a lot better than the first more challenging and just fun ! :)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentytwo ratingone i only got it to work about two times, wheb i go to play it, it sends me to my home page.
lennineteen ratingthree you can play about twice then it doesn't open anymore :( other than that it's a great game.
lenten ratingfive it is a lot more fun than the older one
lenfortyfive ratingfive great game i thought that they would steal my coins at first but then i realized that it was because i was buy the head start lol but it was because i thought i was earning them but either way i love the new game
lentwentyone ratingfour this game is awesome but the tilt is bad i have to tilt all the way  to get coins update it.
lensix ratingfive good improvement on the original game.
lennineteen ratingfour i play it all the time but needs to fix the lag and bugs bcuz it effects my gameplay.
lenthree ratingfive kool and addicting
lensix ratingfour lots of improvements in this one.
lenfour ratingfour zip line is awesome!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive better then the first one love it.
lenfour ratingfive nice upgrades from part 1
lenfour ratingfive 5/5 for an addictive game
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfour pretty amazing but for some reason it freezes up on my phone, but that is a rare occurrence.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i have the epic, and every time i try to use the save, the game shuts down.
lenfourteen ratingtwo then, when i go back into the game, one of my gems is gone.
lentwelve ratingtwo the graphics and concepts are great, but overall, the game is disappointing.
lenfour ratingfour its a superb gameee.
lenfour ratingfour wow to imangi studiosss
lenfourteen ratingfive this new temple run2 is far more better than the previous old version temple run.
lentwo ratingfour superb graphics.
lenfive ratingone stupid ads   and force close
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played.
lenfive ratingfive it looks so 3d and realistic.
lennine ratingfive i.would totally recommend this game for all ages.
lentwenty ratingfour i think that coming out with a new temple run is great i think that they should do this often
lenfour ratingfive good time killing game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive it is much better than the first temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive it has wayyyyyyy better graphics and the people look much better also.
lenseven ratingfive this game is just great over all.!
lentwelve ratingone with a stock dell streak all i get is a force close.
leneight ratingfive its cool ans harder than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is addicting.
lentwelve ratingfive i actually fight with my 7 and 4 yr old kids for this game
lentwelve ratingfive awsome!no ads,doesnt cost money,and is fun!look buy iiiiit!
lenten ratingfour some of the achievements and milestones are a bit headscratching.
lenfive ratingfour "collect 5 gems in one run"?!?!
leneleven ratingfour well, maybe if a gem appeared more often than every 10000 meters.
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game graphics and upgrades and the entire run in general are better then temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingfive i really like this game and it doesnt let me start it up please fix!
lenthree ratingfive phone= samsing infuse
lennine ratingfive better than the first, graphics and upgrades are better.
lentwentyone ratingthree great game would get five stars from me if they could just fix the glitching that comes with playing on androids
lenthree ratingfive very cool game
leneight ratingfour like it although it lags really hard sometimes
lenfive ratingfive great awesome cool love it
lenten ratingfive this game is the game of the year for android.
lentwo ratingfive definitely entertaining
leneleven ratingfive great graphics and new power boost much better than the 1st one
lentwo ratingfive great gamr
leneight ratingfive one of the best games on the market!
lensixteen ratingtwo the gameplay is fun but freezes my phone and laggs or doesn't register my movments.
lenten ratingtwo probably a lot more fun on a tablet or something.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive very user friendly, even my 5 yr old daughter gets into it!
leneleven ratingfive its a great time was there and it will hook you.
lentwo ratingone kukn update
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is so much fun, the only problem i have is that i keep collecting coins when i'm trying not to
lentwo ratingfive ist kool
lennine ratingfive love this game its like i live on it
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lensix ratingfive 100% better than temple run 1, awesome graphic!
lentwentytwo ratingone it works fine when it does, but it won't even open and i'm not the only one facing that problem.
lenfour ratingfour but hard to pay
lentwentythree ratingfive love the game great graphics but i wish if u pause and go to home page it would remain at that paused point
lennine ratingthree the objectives doesn't scale in a logical manner.
lenfive ratingthree i completed most objectives at 400000km.
lentwenty ratingthree so my next objective is to reach 1000000km, or to put it better, play for 1.5x time to complete one objective.
lenten ratingthree i do it and the next objective is to reach 10000000km.
leneight ratingthree that's good old trolling from the publisher.
lennineteen ratingthree also there is a bug where the runner's speed doesn't decrease after the speed power up ends.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lentwentysix ratingfour would be 5 stars but 75% of the time i die from the game getting laggy so if i swipe it doesn't turn and stuff like that.
lenthirtyone ratingfour really glitchy like i'll jump and fall through the ground and sometimes when i use the boost it wears off but i'm still going really fast so i die.
lenseven ratingfive no glitches and the game is unbelievable
lenten ratingfive you should get hs game because it is the greatest!
lentwo ratingfour solid game
leneleven ratingfive so far the game has been a challenge and great graphics
lenten ratingfive fulli loaded with timepass and enjoyement plays even at sony
lennine ratingfive this game is addicting challenging and super super fun!
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is a awesome sequel grsphic and quality is amazing.great game
lenthree ratingthree such great creativity!
lenten ratingthree more challenging than the first.however the sensitivity needs work.
lenfifteen ratingthree the swiping is definitely not as responsive and the game freezes and slows up randomly.
lenten ratingthree fix these technical bugs, and we've got a winner!
leneleven ratingfour its fun to play after getting bored of the temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfour have introduced the game on android quickly after it got released in iphone.
lenfive ratingfour good work and nice game.
lennineteen ratingone when i open the app, it stays on the imangi studios logo for about a minute, then force quits.
lennine ratingone could you make it more compatible with honeycomb devices?
lensix ratingfive all temple run games are good
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive from the graphics to the gameplay, temple run 2 is far superior to its predesessor
lenthree ratingfive rlly good game!
lentwentythree ratingfive i'm so addicted i am playing it at work even though i'm not supposed to have my phone on the floor!
lenthree ratingfive great job guys!
lentwentythree ratingfive i love this app and i think it is much better than the first one and it works great on my galaxy s3 thankyou!
leneight ratingfive buttt it still lagges which i really hate
lenthirtythree ratingfive ten times better than the first.just fix the lag while playing and make it where you can compete with facebook friends like subway surfer and you will add an extra 10 million downloads
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive really really fun game
lenfive ratingfive best game and good graphix
leneight ratingtwo there is a lot of lag while turning.
lenthree ratingfive freaking awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive ridiculously addictive
lennine ratingfive can not wait i am going to beat this
lentwentynine ratingfive im enjoying alot this part of temple run very fun game its only missing the mart to buy stuff with the money you coin you earn during the game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing app!
lenten ratingfive it is unbelievable how amazing and adicting this game is!
lensix ratingfive i would pay money for this!
lenseven ratingfive just about as good as temple run.
lensix ratingfour great game laggs some times though.
lentwenty ratingfour good but only one prob.takes too much time load than the previous version.please do something.a great game.
lenfour ratingfive i like these game
lensix ratingfour osm game .i love this gme .
lenthree ratingfive addicted 2 this game
lensix ratingone just freezes my phone every time!
lenseven ratingfour i like it better than the original
lenthree ratingfive love it 5 star
lenfour ratingfive cool and very fun
lenseven ratingfive the look and game are very fresh
lenthree ratingfive good exciting game
leneight ratingthree really laggy on droidx other then that good :)
leneight ratingfive its a good improvement from the last game.
lenseven ratingfive new features like rope swing and wagon.
lentwelve ratingfive it's a fantastic improvement from the well-loved temple run (original).
lentwentyone ratingfive the graphics are extraordinary, the power-ups are amazing, and the game-play will leave you entertained and captivated for hours! :)
lenten ratingfive best game ever but its slow when you open it
lenten ratingfive this game is so good like omg i love it ;-)
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfiftyfour ratingfive my little brother likes temple run.this is why he likes it.he says  he likes the activity like jumping.he also likes collecting coins.that is why i think you should play this game.your siblings might like it to.and maybe you.if you are a parent your kids might like it.
lenseven ratingfive cool unique obstacles like ziplines and rivers!
lenten ratingfive at one point, you ride a cart through a mine!
lenfour ratingfive tons of upgrades available.
lenfive ratingfive but be warned; extremely addictive!
leneighteen ratingone no matter how many times i download this isn't stops and says the package file is invalid!
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfive ratingfive good improvements from temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive however, the tilt sensitivity is low.
lensix ratingfive this game makes my pants wet
lenten ratingfive better than first, but i think it requires downloadable obsticals ;-)
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfive ratingfive great game needs more players
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenfourteen ratingthree the game is fun, but the game just stops like freezes like for sec.
lensix ratingthree when im playing all the time.
lensix ratingfive love it still a good game
lensixteen ratingfive kinda tricky at first but once you get used to it it becomes so much fun.
leneleven ratingfive everything about this game is awesome, pretty much surpassed its predecessor.
lenseven ratingfive i love the new and improved graphics.
leneighteen ratingfive great grsphics on my note 2, great on the 7.7, not so stable on my 10.1 original tab running stock ics.
leneleven ratingthree crashes most of the time after using a gem to save.
lenfour ratingthree droid bionic running ics.
lenfour ratingthree otherwise it runs smooth.
lenfifteen ratingtwo amazing game but it keeps on changing the amount i earn to lower and lower.
lennine ratingtwo its really bad cos i had 2500 and ended with 250!
lensix ratingtwo will delete if this happens more!
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a great game good to play when baby is on the boob.
lenfour ratingfive i reached 1.7 million pts.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfive ratingfive looks great and plays great.
lenten ratingfive brings back the same addiction from the first temple run.
leneighteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 and temple run because it is a fun game and it's very entertaining.
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingone game resets automatically :-(
lensix ratingfive nicer graphics nicer polygons nicer texture
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfive ratingthree it lags on my phone.
lensix ratingfour much better than the first version . :)
lentwo ratingfive superb app
lenfour ratingfour fun keeps me occupied
leneleven ratingfour maybe you guys could fix a couple of the bugs though.
lensix ratingfour it can get laggy at times.
lenseven ratingfour this game is really cool and fun!
lenfortythree ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)
lenfive ratingfour this is lots of fun.
lennine ratingfour i liked the original and this is even better.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i love temple run but the glitching is making me not want to play it.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love the game but i think there needs to be an option to increase the sensitivity.
lenseventeen ratingfive i have to tilt my phone way too far and even then sometimes it isn't enough.
lenfive ratingfive i love the game thougj!
lentwo ratingfive great apls
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingthree a few things i like, but not as good overall
lentwo ratingfive epic game
lentwentyeight ratingfive this is just amazing i love it and is better than the previous one you hav to download this if you want to really know what addictive is!
lenthirtynine ratingfive rarely do i ever review a game.this game is just fantastic.the real fun comes when you try to beat your friends high scores.one minor complaint is that it lags sometimes.5/5.a really rare rating from me.
lentwentytwo ratingthree the game is fun and addictive but the problem with it is the coins i collect after evry run doesn't save.
lensix ratingthree the first temple run.way better.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i enjoy the ability to tweak them, but you've taken away the ability to tweak the sensitivity, as well, which made the first one much better.
lenthirtysix ratingthree a couple of bugs: sometimes when using the boost it boosts you right off the edge, the achievements sometimes have to be completed twice, and there is a large amount of lag causing unresponsiveness at times.
lentwentyeight ratingthree the way the achievements and controls worked were much better in the first game, though no one can deny that this one looks better and is more fun.
lenfive ratingfive it is very addictive game.
lenten ratingfive i don't have words to say about the graphic.
lenfourteen ratingthree i love the curvy path, abilities,  and new terrain but my games always lag.
lentwentynine ratingthree its not my phone because i have 5.2 gb of memory left, my ram is below average memory, so its the game, nothing in my phones slow but the game.
lentwenty ratingthree please fix it, cant turn or duck on time because my player freezes or stumbles because i cant control him.
lenfour ratingfive very smooth game play.
lenseven ratingfive i love the graphics to the game.
leneleven ratingfive and how it it way dif then the first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingthree extremely laggy
leneight ratingtwo it stays on loading screen then shuts off
lentwo ratingfive great additions!
lentwo ratingfive bikin penasaran.
lenfour ratingfive this is significantly improved.
lenthirteen ratingtwo shuts down after i click it and sends me to my home screen.
lenfive ratingfour really fun game, quite addicting.
leneighteen ratingfour the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars, is that i can see it downloading in the distance.
lenthree ratingfour a bit disorienting!
lenfifteen ratingfour but i love the multiple settings and how this one has so much more details.
lentwo ratingfive sam patel
lenseven ratingfive awesome game can't stop playing it.
lenthirteen ratingthree it's starting to get really annoying that this game lag and stutter.
lenthree ratingthree needs update asap!
leneleven ratingthree fix the stutter and lag and this game would be 5 stars
lensix ratingfour great game to past the time.
lenfour ratingfour good graphic buy it
lentwentyfive ratingfive the game has no lags and performs well on my hox but it would be better be they add a swiping and tilting sensitivity button.
lenfifty ratingfive now coming to the bugs, first one is when you take a power boost and while its about to be finished if you slide down using a rope the invincible power gets over but it continues to run at same speed in which its is impossible to make any turns.
lensixteen ratingfive 2nd one, the objectives on level 8 after getting accomplished comes up again in the list as unfinished.
lenfour ratingfive wow!wat an gme.!
lennine ratingfive i luv it itz so kol now nd beter
lentwentytwo ratingfive runs nice but when i die the screen wont go back to another.its just freezing.but other than that great app
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive first one was nice but this is very nice.
lensixteen ratingfive awsome great graphics jus as good as the first one but just uh tad bit better!:)
lenfourteen ratingfive overall game is awesome.already addicted to it and my high score is 10.6 million.
lensix ratingfive i found a bug near level 8.
lennine ratingfive it has midas touch objective twice.please fix it.
lentwelve ratingfour love the improvements, graphics are amazing considering it's a free app.
lenfourteen ratingfour only issue i have with it is that sometimes when using the "save me"
leneleven ratingfour option after dying, the game will freeze and then close out.
lentwentythree ratingfour i have to open the game again and start over even though it has taken away the jewels for using the "save me"
lenten ratingfour (but doesn't count the coins from the previous game).
leneleven ratingfour but still a great game, just hope this bug gets fixed.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingone this game sucks dont work with tablets!
leneight ratingthree game is crashing after few min of run
lentwo ratingfive nice job!
lentwelve ratingthree fun game but there are dead spots on my phone and ipad.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfive great game,  i play it on my note ii and the graphics look just great
leneight ratingfive this game is more difficult but more fun  :)
leneight ratingone please fix this bug, the game closes unexpectedly.
lentwenty ratingfive this game is like so cool if you think not to install it then your so werd so install ok.! ;-)
lenthirteen ratingtwo the game crashes whenever i try to use a gem to "save me"
lentwentythree ratingfour the game is kind of sluggish and it's not my phone because my friends with iphones also said the game was sluggish.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive cool game and i want to have it
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.!
lenthree ratingfour lot of improvement
lenfour ratingfive just one word superb!
lenfifteen ratingfive great game wow graphics i feel like i am in the game tx tx tx
lentwentytwo ratingfive one point near the end of a very high-scoring run, i accidentally tilted into a cave-in during a minecart segment.
lentwelve ratingfive i also tilted the android far enough forward to change the orientation.
lenthirteen ratingfive suddenly, i was in a completely black void, but my score kept climbing.
lenfourteen ratingfive when i randomly fell off the non-existent track, my score leapt to over 8million.
lentwentyseven ratingfive when u try to upgrade the instant sprint in the powers it says u don't have enough gems but it cost one gem and i have 5
lentwelve ratingfive but it needs a little more changes like  a new power up.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!:)
lennine ratingfive you guys have done it again run smoothly on galaxys3
leneighteen ratingfour i dont like the placement of the pause buttion my hand keeps hitting it since im right handed.
lenfive ratingfive i love the graphic    galaxy tab7.7
lenfour ratingfour i realy lvd ds.
lenseven ratingfour ds seemed better dan d 1 st part.
lentwelve ratingfive cool games in temple run but in temple run 2 very coolest ever
lensix ratingfive i always like temple run :d
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenfour ratingfive try it nw amazing.
leneleven ratingfive i >3 ths game so much but took way 2 long to install
lentwentyeight ratingthree i like this game, but there is a weird glitch where every time i use a gem to save me, it uses a gem but closes the game
lenfifteen ratingthree the game is good for but for some reason i cant even play it anymore.
lenfifteen ratingthree i would try to start the game but it wouldnt even go to the menu.
lenfifteen ratingfive and give it a end and another game mode could be longest to run wins.
lentwelve ratingtwo for me it crashed just about every other time i opened it.
lenten ratingfive it's fun and you can't stop playing it
lenthirteen ratingone it takes along time to download and ain't even work this sucks
lenthree ratingfive great game addicting
lensixteen ratingthree would be better if it didn't crash when tried using a gem tip save myself.
leneleven ratingfive it is very entertaining even my 4 year old baby plays it.
lentwenty ratingthree great game and a lot of fun but every time i get over 3, 000 coins i suddenly lose most of them.
lenthree ratingfive 14,021,023 beat that yall!
leneight ratingfive the graphics are even better in this version.
leneight ratingfive plus the cart and airline are cool additions.
lensix ratingfive one of the best free apps.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i love this game but for some reason when i get my coin balance to 5000 plus in the next game i play it goes down to 3000 coins it deducts 2000 coins from me .
lentwentytwo ratingone why is it when i try to play the screen flips and i have to flip my phone upside down to play
lenten ratingone this game currently isn't compatable with the lg thrill
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and new obstacles.
lenfour ratingfour great graphic and sound.
lenten ratingfour it is hard to find games like this without money.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingfour great game, love the new additions but one big problem, the way the objectives are set up.
lentwentyone ratingfour i've come across multiple instances where i've completed and objective but it's not on my 3 current objectives list.
lenseventeen ratingfour so when it does appear and i've already done it, i have to do it again.
lensix ratingfour other than that amazingly addictive game
lenfour ratingfive better graphics, poorer gameplay
lenfive ratingfive so cool than temple run
lenfourteen ratingfour this game was so fantastic and enjoyable , when you play it , you wont regret ;-)
lenthree ratingfive nice job imangi. .
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive its release on android.
lensix ratingfive another addictive game by imangi studios :)
lenfour ratingfive i like dis game
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game .
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is a great improvement from the first.
lenseven ratingfive hours upon hours of running from monkeys!
leneight ratingfive i recommend this game to any and everyone.
lennine ratingfive very addictive  great time pass  i love dis game
lenfive ratingfive this game is too addicting!
lensix ratingfive best free game you can get!
lenthree ratingfive awesum works perfectly
leneighteen ratingthree run on lowest visual setting still super glitchy,  but still just as addicting and new layouts are amazing!
lenfour ratingfive what  a  wonderful game?
lenfour ratingfive the graphics is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive more obstacles and doesnt lag.
lenfour ratingfive love to love it!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfive gutzz this game rocks in my galaxy s duos.
lensix ratingfive i just uninstalled the fb app.
lenfour ratingfive and installed friendcast instead.
lenfive ratingfive my phone is running great.
lenfourteen ratingfive and once again everything in this game from graphics to destinations r all perfect.
lentwentythree ratingone so i spent 4.99 three seperate time on the 50,000 gold package and got nothing and it still took money out of my bank account!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game nice work guys.
lenfour ratingfive i luv temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i didn't play the first one
lennine ratingfive tuff hai par achha hai hard work karma hai.
leneight ratingfive i tink the graphic while turning should improve.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics n new challenges !
lenthree ratingfive great time waster!
lentwelve ratingtwo all aspects are designed to it's best but with a bug!
lenthree ratingtwo while using "gem"
lenseven ratingtwo to get life, game crashes 90% of time.
lensix ratingtwo gem is lost too with life :(.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is a real great one .after temple run's great success imangi studios is back.
lenthree ratingfive just plain fun
lentwentytwo ratingone i just installed this game and there's glitches in the game that delays the player & the game moves in slow motion.
lenseven ratingone in result of that i keep losing.
leneleven ratingone now the game won't even run it just keeps closing!
lenseventeen ratingone it doesnt open on every lg thrill mob.so whoever is using this mob do not download.
lennine ratingfive very good much better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfiftythree ratingfour i would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so slow on turning my character left n right or jumping oh and it freezes a lot during turns and jumps fix that and the game will be perfect i will give 5 stars 10 if i could so much better than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first hands down.
lensix ratingfive this has amazing quality and settings.
lenfive ratingfour highly addictive and very awesome!
lentwelve ratingfour i've spent hours on it and still haven't gotten bored.
leneighteen ratingfour my only complaint is that the objective system doesn't track inactive objectives, so you might run say.
leneleven ratingfour 13k once and still have the 10k objective incomplete when it pops up.
lentwentyfour ratingone this dumb gay game won't open at all never play this game if you do never say i didint worn you good luck
lentwo ratingfour great job
lentwo ratingfive challenging game.
lentwentyone ratingfour i absolutely love it and i haven't stopped playing it but i wish it was smoother to play on my gs3
lentwo ratingfive gud graphics
lensix ratingfour please add sensitivity settings for tilting!
lenfive ratingfour bigger phones definitely need it.
lentwelve ratingthree 1) we still don't have the option to change the tilt sensitivity.
lentwentyone ratingthree 2) made my galaxy s2 freeze and required me to force shut down and reboot the device, every time i try to play!
lenthirteen ratingthree fix the issues and i'll give you the higher rating you deserve.
lenthree ratingthree 3) no facebook connectivity?!
leneight ratingthree seriously, subway surfers have facebook connectivity for ages!
lenfifteen ratingthree plus, this game is highly overrated and it's not really that great, seen better.
lenfour ratingthree in one word: boring.
lentwentyseven ratingfive wow man wat a fkn awesome game,great graphics,detail,new skills,environment.a must try.thanks imanki for giving tis wonderful game to us for free.
lenfive ratingfive brighter scene with smooth movement
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtyfour ratingfour it's all good but if it's possible to get a stability update cause it lags causing some of my inputs to become invalid which causes me to die when i get far.
lentwentyseven ratingone i was excited to play when i heard temple run 2 was coming i had my hopes and when i installed it, it didn't let me in.
lentwentytwo ratingone all the time it was just the background and exiting me out of the games fix it then people will love it
lensix ratingtwo platform: motorola droid razr maxx hd.
lenseven ratingtwo very slow startup versus the original game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo in game dynamics are choppy and user motions don't respond as quickly.
leneleven ratingtwo the graphics are amazing though and the new items are nice.
lenseven ratingtwo will update as newer versions are installed.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game, i'm so addicted that i find myself up till the crack of dawn playing!
leneight ratingfive wonderful sequel if you like the first game!
lenfive ratingfive lovely game i love it
leneleven ratingfive love this app so much 10 times better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfour a definite improvement
lenten ratingfour temple run 2 has excellent graphics & much improved than previous one.
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenthree ratingone consumes 70% of battery
lenfour ratingfour better then previous version.
lensixteen ratingfive love this game its so addicting and fun to play the better picture is nice too
lennine ratingfive superb game wid good graphics and works really well .
lenthirteen ratingone purchased the 150,000 coin pack and it has not been added to my account.
leneleven ratingone its been a week and three emails with no response whatsoever.
lenten ratingone be wise and do not buy anything from this idiot.
lentwo ratingone uninstall definitly.
lenfourteen ratingone i had to get a hold of google store to get my money back.
lenfifteen ratingone 15 days later it will be returned to me with no support from this idiot developer.
lenfifteen ratingfour turned the visual graphics up on my phone and it force closed/wouldnt open anymore.
lentwenty ratingfour i had to uninstall and start over (not knowing what caused it) turned them up and its force closing again.
lenseventeen ratingfour sucks to lose everything once let alone twice.really not wanting to uninstall and start over again.
lentwenty ratingfour also tilt sensitivity needs fixed, pretty much have to turn my phone sideways for the cliff edges and mine cart.
lennine ratingfour love this game but hopefully these get fixed asap!
lensix ratingfive this is a purely awesome sequel.
lenseven ratingfive my favorite game to play right now.
lennineteen ratingone this game is not fiting on my mobis resolution plz fix this bug i want to play this game .
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run ever!
lenthree ratingfive kinda gitchy though.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is really really good.
lenfour ratingfive congrats on the launch!
lenfour ratingfive really smooth without lag
lensix ratingfive love the new challenges and graphics!
lensix ratingfive runs great on my galaxy nexus!
lenseven ratingfive really like this app graphics are great
lenfifteen ratingthree i love this game even my 4 year old sister plays it on my.momma phone
lensix ratingfive get the game and get addicted
leneleven ratingfour great improvement from the first game, which was already well done.
leneighteen ratingfour sometimes it will get a bit laggy though and that's quite a surprise on my razr maxx.
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one.
lenthree ratingfive dnt mis it!:-)
leneight ratingfive more challenging but an excessive amount of fun!
lenfiftythree ratingfive this game is great for those people that says that the game lags it dependes on your phone or phone processor if you have a snapdragon processor or above then you're good dont just go out and buy any phone but this game has great graphics its way better than temple run 1
lentwentyfive ratingone game is fun but it sucks keeps crashing in the middle of the save me i collected so much gems and lost them fix this
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great idea
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive this sets a new standard.
lenthree ratingfive incredible on galaxy s3.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwelve ratingthree almost always force closes when you try to use a save me!
lenfive ratingthree during a high scoring game.
lenseven ratingthree doesn't save your score or coins.
lenseven ratingthree also, what is with the negative gems?
lentwentynine ratingthree i used about 10 gems in a high scoring game, tried to use a save me!, it force closed, i come back to the game and i have negative 4 gems?
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 boss
lenthirteen ratingfive love it so far definitely better than the first so far  no flaws
leneight ratingfive this is the best game i ever played
lensixteen ratingfive i dont normally have my wife driving, but because i can play, she can drive me .
lenten ratingone continues to say download error, tried for a week now
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lentwenty ratingfive everyone using temple run for android knows its an acid test for the processor, always lagging and a real headache.
lenthirty ratingfive but luckily not anymore, tr2 is absolutely awesome with breathtaking visuals, fluidic gameplay even in my 18 month old neo v and obviously the addictive gameplay the temple run is known for.
lenseven ratingfive go for it, you'll never regret
lentwo ratingfive nice grahpic!
lentwentytwo ratingfour this game is suprb and better than the previous one bt the only problem is it takes too much tym to load
lentwentyfour ratingfour graphics are too good and game also but one thing the sensor of the game is too bad tilting the phone pls upgrade it
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lennine ratingfive this just made temple run an even better game!
lenfour ratingfive great f.ing game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing.
lensix ratingfive added everything i wanted and more!
leneighteen ratingthree games fun but i keep falling through the map and there's so much lag plzzz fix now
lenfive ratingfive i enjoyed this new version!
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lenfive ratingfive i reached a million lol. ;))
lenfour ratingfive better than previous versions
leneleven ratingfour great game but powerups need to be able to be stacked.
lentwentyone ratingfour for example you get a boost, and you get another boost as the other one runs out but it still ends
lenthirteen ratingfive a must hav game i think they did a good job in this
lenfive ratingfour not as smooth as original
leneight ratingfive looks amazing on my super i rez nexus 10
lentwenty ratingthree a lot of times, after a good run if i die, clicking on 'save me' button crashes the game unexpectedly.
lenseven ratingthree also there are lots of glitches like.
lentwentysix ratingthree when the giant demon monkey is really close, and i walk over the broken road, it would be like, the monkey is running in the air.
lenseven ratingthree also, sometimes after powering up the abilities.
lenten ratingthree i will find the power up has gone after restart
lentwo ratingfive 5 star deserve
lenseventeen ratingone my game cannot start when i reboot my phone.please gave me an update to fix it.
lenseven ratingfour very enjoyable game, but can be addictive.
leneight ratingfive far better than previous version with excelling graphics.
lentwo ratingfour time pass
lennine ratingfive i love every bit of this game its awsome :-$
lennine ratingthree better than the 1st but has some lag & control issues.
leneighteen ratingthree sometimed you'll be on a perfect run & swipe to jump or something & your character won't react.
lentwelve ratingfive this is great, i like the new one graphics are up there
lenseven ratingfive the greatest game on app history again
lenfour ratingfive superb game to play
lenfive ratingfive be enter than the original
lenthree ratingone it force closed.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfour super fun
lensixteen ratingthree why do my coins constantly reset i can't build up enough coins to buy anything
lenfour ratingfive it's super great.
lenfiftythree ratingfour this is an excellent game,a much better version than its predecessor but i have 2 points to make,one kindly provide sensitivity option to the users and two i dont why but this game hanged my fone on 3 different occassions and finally i had to remove the battery to make my fone operational.
leneleven ratingfour great job developers,nice game but kindly address the issues raised.
leneight ratingfive now that's what i cal a sequel!
leneight ratingfive jus glad they got another great game :d
lentwo ratingfour buenas graficas
lenfive ratingfive it's a better game
leneight ratingfour the game crashes whenever you want to exit
lenthree ratingfive awesome job done
lensixteen ratingfour the game is awesome but the disaster point is the sensitivity pls if the imangi studios.
lensixteen ratingfour will update the sesitivity in the setting so it would be better and fun in playing
lenseven ratingthree not as great as the first version.
lenseventeen ratingone downloaded this with high expectations, and yes the synthetics are good but there are too many glitches !
lentwentyseven ratingone after using the boost power up the character falls through the map when jumping or if tilting flys off to the right or left of the map !
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive could use a couple touch ups on the freezing, but otherwise amazing!
lenseventeen ratingfour i like it but power ups are hard to get and no information on how shields work.
lensix ratingfive the best game i ever played!
lenthree ratingfive so cool graphics.
lenthree ratingfour better graphic than tr1
lenfive ratingfive beet graphics, best game evah!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive one of my favourite games
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive love the new version!
lensix ratingfive graphics and new levels are amazing!
lenfive ratingfive super game and best graphics
lentwentyfour ratingfour game is gud bt wen i use diamomd to ssve life game hang nd i loss all the diamond nd score please fix this
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i love this game but for some reason when i get my coin balance to 5000 plus in the next game i play it goes down to 3000 coins it deducts 2000 coins from me .
lennineteen ratingtwo i try to collect coins so that i can buy powerups etc but it deducts 2000 coins all the time
lenseven ratingfive i like this better the the original.
lenfourteen ratingfour i payed twice for the 50 pack gems and never got them please fix this.
lennine ratingfour the game is very addicting except for that problem
lentwentyfour ratingfour i m downloading it third  time coz itz not working properly in my samsung galaxy s plz fix the problem i want this game
lennine ratingthree it doesn't let me collect more the 3,000 coins.
leneight ratingthree how am i suppose to but a characters?!.
leneight ratingtwo i keep losing coins when i try again.
lentwenty ratingtwo i had almost 3000 and now i have 1250 and didn't get a upgrade what's going on kinda getting upset.
lenseven ratingtwo plz fix and get a better rating
lenfive ratingthree the game is overall awesome.
lensixteen ratingthree on the other hand, when i try to use a save me gem it force closes.
lenthree ratingthree nearly every time.
lentwentyfive ratingthree also, it seems like my phone can't keep up with the graphics so it stutters a lot but that might just be my phone.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lensix ratingfive the train track is too good!
lenfour ratingfive its worth time giving.
lensix ratingfive and must for dual core devices
lennine ratingfour great game nice detail having great fun playing it.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive kills alot of time one of the best i played so far
lentwentyseven ratingone ok awesome game you guys did an wonderful job blow me away but i finally bought a pack of gems but it never gave them to me.
leneleven ratingone i will change my rating once this is solve thank you
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is excelent than the first temple run but it has fix some bugs.
lenthree ratingfive awsome game yaaar
lensix ratingfive i was all like cool game
lenfour ratingfive i loooooooveeee this game
leneight ratingfour dang this game is a great time killer!
lensix ratingfour easy to pick up and play
lennine ratingfive it's a lot better then the first one.
lennine ratingfour but adding a sensitivity control would be very helpful.
lenfourteen ratingfour also needs more characters with newer abilities as opposed to the same old abilities.
lensix ratingfour still a great time sink though ;-)
lentwo ratingfive worst game
lenseven ratingfive nice game add ons like the rope .
lensix ratingfive u should download the game now
lentwenty ratingfive this game this game here this game right here is off the chain.nothing wrong so far its pretty awesome
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentythree ratingfive this is a novel way to briefly waste time, i recommend it to those whom comprehend how to use a touch screen device.
lennine ratingfour graphics are much better than the original temple run.
lenfour ratingfive what  a  wonderful game?
lentwelve ratingfour giving 4 stars as its bit difficult when it comes to trolly train.
lentwo ratingfive alot better!
lentwo ratingfive more entertaining!
lennine ratingthree when i use save me the game shut down
lenthirteen ratingthree good game but when you tilt to turn its not as responsive ss tr1.
leneleven ratingthree i think this needs to be addressed as it affects playability.
lenthree ratingthree samsung galaxy s3 jellybean
lentwo ratingfive :) woohooo brilliant :)
lenthirteen ratingfive its a gud game guys n gals u jst play this very much.
lennine ratingone getting package file invalid!:-( after complete download of file
lentwo ratingfour great sequel
leneleven ratingfive the temple run was be perfect,but this one is unbeatable!
leneleven ratingfour i wasn't a huge fan of the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfour the first game was ok, but would get boring rather quickly.
lenten ratingfour the new features of tr2 was exactly what this game needed.
lentwo ratingfour absolutely addiction.
lenthree ratingfive great apps ever.
leneight ratingfive its the best omg i'm loving it ;)
lensix ratingfour loved the ui of this one.
leneleven ratingfour though it doesn't run very smooth on my htc desire.
lenfive ratingfour i loved the rails part.
lenthree ratingfive beter den 1st one
lensixteen ratingfive it is the best game ever it is 100% better than over games so choose this game.
lentwo ratingfour more exciting
lenfifteen ratingfive love it the games is smoother than the original and the visual quality is excellent.
lensix ratingfive i love very much this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive adictive game ever.
lenseven ratingfour a very nice game of its time.
leneleven ratingfour and is now been replaced by subway surfer in everbodys phone.
lensix ratingfive cool game.i like this game.
leneight ratingfive love this so much some like temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingfive the best graphics ever for the temple run.i like the game most.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lenseven ratingfive loved the first, love this even more.
lensix ratingthree addictive but too heavier than subwaysurfer
lenfour ratingfive superb  game great work
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneleven ratingfour pls fix 4 my phone it lags when i play this game.
leneight ratingfour or else it will be gd to play
lenthree ratingfive mast -hai yaar
lennine ratingfive best game ever.but the graphics could be better.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics, great game, i love it.
lenseventeen ratingone i down loaded the game and it doesn't work what to do on my htc evo 4g
leneighteen ratingfour a bit tough and better than temple run 1, has its pros and cons when compared with temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfour but have lagging problem pls fix it.
lenthirteen ratingfive you should get this game if you are a fan of temple run
leneight ratingone does anyone have it work on htc desire
lenfour ratingfive actually sonaddicted to this!
lenten ratingfive i was expecting like first but it is totally amaze.
leneight ratingfour great but a little slow with the movements
lenfive ratingfive wow .i love this game :)
leneleven ratingone broke 1,000,000 used a gem for revival and it crashed on me.
lennine ratingone lost all points and the gem i even used.
lenfour ratingfive addict game.no lag
lenthree ratingfive faadu hai baap
lenfour ratingfive very very.excellent game
lenthree ratingfive a perfect entertainment.!
lentwo ratingfive awesme game
lenfour ratingfive infact no. legendary game!
lentwo ratingtwo great game!
leneight ratingtwo but has many bugs and also freezes alot.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo here's the deal, game looks awesome,  but if you don't have a new model phone (mine is 1yr old, a few friends with same age phones had same issues) your system can't handle it.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo mine was freezing when i got it to load, and i do mean freezing, and then it crashed the whole phone to the point that it shut off.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i wish that it was friendlier to those of us that can't afford a new phone.
lenthree ratingfive excellent game ever.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and scenarios.:-)
lenthree ratingfive hardest n bestest.
lentwo ratingfive perfect game
lenfifteen ratingfour it's a great game, an improvement over the already great game that precedes it.
lenten ratingfour what keeps it from ferrying 5 stars is the objective system.
lentwentythree ratingfour to only allow 3 achieved per run slows the game progress down, and combining them with multiple lifetime objectives so early stagnates the game.
lenthree ratingfive good.nice game
lentwentyseven ratingfive i love it i play it all the time when i am not busy and people that havent played it before should really have a go xx
lenthirteen ratingfive u may think there is no better game then temple run-there is!
lenseventeen ratingfive tr2 has loads of added features, i love the mega monkey, and is one of my favourite games.
lenseventeen ratingfive would be better if they had all the unlockable characters that they had in the old one!
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lensix ratingfive so in love with this game!
lensix ratingfive haven't put it down yet.
lenten ratingfive drains battery like crazy but i don't even care
lentwo ratingfour addicting game!
lensix ratingfive should be able to slow down.
lenfive ratingfive a very intense game tho.
lenthree ratingfive really enjoyable game!
lenfortytwo ratingone im soooooo excited to play the second version of temple run.but it doesn't work on samsung galaxy tab gt-p1000.when i try to open it.it just shows that it is loading but after a while it just force closes.!
lensixteen ratingone pls solve this problem soon coz i really want to play this game.plz plz plz!
lenthree ratingfive super gaming experience.
lentwo ratingfive hot star
lensix ratingone i cant open and play it
lentwelve ratingthree it could be 5 stars if it could be on samsung galaxy ace
lennine ratingfive this game is highly addictive download this game man
lenfour ratingfive fast paced and fun.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive best game ever period
lenseven ratingfive simply superb i am really enjoying it:-)
lentwentyone ratingfive wow this game is great i played it on iphone aswell and i was so happy that temple run 2 on android
lensixteen ratingfive the game is awesome but there should be a multiplayer game match online or via bluetooth
lentwo ratingfive owsome game.!
lenfifteen ratingfive has some glitches for the jum p and the turns but the game is excellent
lensix ratingone it keep freezing and closed down
lentwo ratingfive sick.game
lenthirteen ratingfive very good but too speedy to handle it but overall v v good
lenseven ratingone i really wish i can play it.
lenseven ratingone filmware: 2.2.1 baseband: 2.6.32.9 kernel:se.infra@sei-27#1 froyo: zhkc2
lenfour ratingfive graphics was mind blowing
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics.
lentwo ratingone nice games
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfive very cool game.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lentwentyfour ratingfour better than the first but i keep hitting the home button and swiping up by accident, any way to disable this on galaxy nexus?
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun!
lenseven ratingtwo below average performance on samsung gt p1000 gingerbread
lenseven ratingfive i've enjoyed playing tr2 in every situation.
leneight ratingfive love the unlockebles, the graphics and the gameplay :).
leneleven ratingfive it's an amazing journey, all of you have to take :)!
lensix ratingfive i recommend - 5 stars from me :p
lenthree ratingone love temple run 1.
lenten ratingone upon launching tr2 i see the logo then it shuts down.
lenthree ratingone running casio gzone.
lenfour ratingone would love to play.
lenfour ratingfive i rate this 5 stars
lennine ratingfive better than temple run 1 but it is extremely hard
lentwelve ratingfour lets see what this app got for us before i restar it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome tr2 experience
lenfour ratingone this game is dumb.
lenseven ratingfive its waaaay better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive more challenging & addicting !
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with great graphics.
lenthree ratingfive nice improvement from tr1.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing!
lenfive ratingfive well i cant stop play.
lenfifteen ratingthree it is a good game but need to work on turns it lags some time
leneight ratingfive but it keeps freezing while i am playing
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenten ratingfive if this game has a third part, i'm waiting!
lentwentysix ratingfive dis game is way better den da first temple run if u guys can add da sensitivity for da controls den it would be more awesome.
lensix ratingfive awesome game i love temple run
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthirteen ratingfive everyone should play this game i guaranty  that u wil like this game.
lentwo ratingfive yeah buddy
lenten ratingfive such an improvement on a already awesome, relentlessly addictive game!
lenthree ratingfour good game play.
lenseven ratingfour the game runs smoothly on my s3 too.
lentwelve ratingfour it is a really good game better then 1, freezes a bit though
leneight ratingfive works great even on my live with walkman
lensix ratingtwo good quality but it   keeps frezing
lenfour ratingfive this game was fantastic :-)
lenfive ratingthree fun and sometimes smooth game.
lennineteen ratingthree has a bad habit of freezing at the end of runs without saving any progress except for gems used.
lennine ratingthree i have ended up with negative gems multiple times.
lenseven ratingfive i recomend this game to eny one .
lenseven ratingfive i am surprized that it is free!
lensix ratingfive you've got to download this.
lentwentyone ratingfive the only problem is that when the monster is chaseing you and when it jumps you can't see behind you.
lenfive ratingfive apart from that its brill :)
lenfourteen ratingfive it's really cool all my friends play it and i watch it before
lentwentyone ratingone the imangi studios logo is appearing and then again my phones main menu is appearing.wtf.i want it fixed fast.
lenfour ratingfive i like it alot
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenthree ratingfive great timepass game
lenseventeen ratingfive i have played it for 2 days now, and i am addicted my high score is over 3 million
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfive love the game, much better than the 1st one
lenfifteen ratingfive although it's hard to get grips with the game at first it becomes easier.
leneight ratingfive definately think it's better than the first!
lensix ratingfive brilliant game you should get it
lenfive ratingfive very nice and challanging game
lenthirteen ratingfive when u r commencing wid temple run 2 its little bit difficult to play.
lenfourteen ratingfive bt after few games its feel great.awesome game .keep working on it team.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game 100/100
lenfive ratingfour among d best game everr.
lentwo ratingfour great sequal!
lensix ratingfour they upgraded a lot of stuff.
lensixteen ratingfour some of the changes make the game easier to me, while others give it new challenges.
lenthree ratingfour this app fih
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome
lentwentyseven ratingfive loved playing temple run and temple run 2 is a great continuation with improved graphics, better powerup system and a nice environment change to mix up the gameplay
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive i luv this game is nice n new n gud better then befor nice job.
lenfour ratingfive sexy game love you
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lensixteen ratingfive takes a little getting used to the enriched 3d environment and how the pathway twists and turns.
lenseven ratingfive but overall better experience than the first!
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is awsome it has zip wires and go carts.
lentwenty ratingone everytime i try downloading it.i get a popup notif saying package file is invalid.what the fuck is it?
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfive ratingfive it is amazing and fun
lenseven ratingfive its a wonderfull i have ever played
lensixty ratingthree love the graphics  gameplay is good but i really have to tilt my phone a lot , there should be a tilt sensitivity option in the settings sometimes when boost ends while on a rope , i'm stuck running at boost speed which is really annoying and ridiculous otherwise the app's good hope these problems are fixed in next update
lenfive ratingfive best free game so far
lenfour ratingfive love it so addictive!
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfive ratingfive its so unique and awesome <3
lentwelve ratingfive it is the best sequel game everyone has to know about it
lenfour ratingfour more challenging and fun.
lensix ratingfour i enjoy to play the game
lenfifteen ratingfour temple run 2 is a really addictive game and once u start u can't stop!
lenseventeen ratingfour i have always enjoyed playing temple run from the start so i guess that makes it fun.
lentwentysix ratingfour i would of given u a 5 star rating but one problem is that u don't get allot of characters please try and sort this out.
lenthirtyone ratingfour on temple run 1 u got other characters and in a way it is quite fun saving up and buying them so please try to add more characters in the next update!
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenfive ratingfive love it make me addicted.
lennine ratingfive thankyou for putting this game on android straight away!
lenfifteen ratingfive this games was easy not take hard think just relax i love and like :-d
leneleven ratingtwo cant play cause to close to char. :((( pls update it now :(((
lenseven ratingfour the game is amazing including the graphics.
leneight ratingfour but of course a few bugs in gameplay.
lennine ratingfour reviving with gems on 2nd and 3rd time crashes the game.
lenfifteen ratingfour getting a boost powerup and ending on a zipline will make your character boost permanently.
lentwenty ratingtwo 1) if i was in the middle of the game, now when trying to exit the game back is not working.
lenfour ratingtwo 2) game is getting stucked
lentwentythree ratingfive thank u imagi for making such a wonderfull and adicting games.more power to your team.i'll give u 10 star for this.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome!
lenfiftynine ratingfour hands down the best visual mobile expierience of the year, a bit unresponsive and the camera needs to be focused on the terrain rather than the explorer because with the addition of mandatory direction shifts it is hard to obtain coins, other than those few problems, this game is absolutely wonderful, a graphical revolution for the mobile gaming industry.
lenseven ratingone the game keeps on hanging at tutorial.
lenfifteen ratingone even changing the setting to skip tutorial in the menu makes the whole thing hang.
lenthree ratingfive it definetly entertains
lentwelve ratingtwo shows only a small part of the game in my optimus l3 fone.
lensix ratingtwo could have been a great game.
lenfour ratingtwo want this game badly.
lenthree ratingfive heart touching game
lentwelve ratingthree i'll open the app and then hangs up then force close.
lenten ratingone please fix it, i also want t play this game.
lenthirteen ratingone i've deleted the first temple run bcs this app doesn't work.
lentwentyfive ratingfour when i play i'll save up like 5000 coins then i'll play again and all of a sudden i have 2444 coins without spending any
lentwo ratingfive temple run ?
lentwentyfive ratingone nothing new in the game in fact the power ups are de-buff'd and the game has a lot too many bugs and glitches
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics.love  this one
lenthirteen ratingthree the game is great and addictive but glitches sometimes when turning a corner.
lentwo ratingthree samsung note
lentwelve ratingone the resolution is too big for my phone :( please fix the bugs
lennine ratingfive the perfect game to follow the temple run 1, bravo!
lensix ratingfive like this version of temple run
lenfour ratingfive very nice to play!
lensix ratingfive temple run was awesome addictive game.
leneight ratingfive now temple run 2.take a bow imangi studios
lentwo ratingfive excellent   excellent
lentwentythree ratingfive man awesome.bt diz bloody htc explorer is a worst 1.its internal storage not enough bt 4 d game i hd resettled my factory.
leneleven ratingfive better than previous like new challenges and game play .love it!
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is very naice game.
lentwentysix ratingone if you upgrade your powerups fully using gem, it wont last longer, its just wasting your gem and show that u didnt buy the powerups before!
lenfive ratingone wasted 100gems on that stupid powerups.
lenseven ratingone pls fix it and return my gem!
lenthree ratingfive awesome awesome awesome.
leneleven ratingfive one of the best and the best game i ever played.
lenfive ratingfive heads off to ur team
lensix ratingfive great graphics good control runs smooth. :)
lenfive ratingfive so cool so awesome wow
lentwentysix ratingtwo lags on best visual quality and at the objective gold miner and circumnavigator this shows 2 2 but one is on  but the other one stops please fix
lentwo ratingfive plays smootly.
lenfive ratingfive very very very easy game!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic
lenfour ratingfive addicted to this game!
lenfive ratingfive nice game in andorid market.
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is better than the first(: i love it. it workz great(:
lenthree ratingfive cetar membahana badai!
lenfour ratingfive terpampang di dunia! :d
lentwentytwo ratingone i have made a score more than 10000000 and after some time it resets and all my coins and score  was not tere
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent map.
leneight ratingfive nice game, my 3yr old likes it very much.
lentwo ratingfive ang saya
lenfive ratingfive perfect game to relieve boredom.
lentwentyone ratingfive dis 1 is wayyy betr dan previos version.gud theme backgroud.gud graphic detail n realyyy smooth.no complains.jus download it.
lensix ratingfive its really nice nd more challenging.
lenten ratingfive its addictive cant stop myself from playing this game :d
lentwo ratingfive xperia sony
lenseven ratingfive i love all thing about this game .
lenseven ratingfive i like it better than first one.
lenfour ratingfive controls seem more responsive
lenfour ratingfive smooth and nice graphics
lenfive ratingfive awesome awesome nd just awesome .
lennine ratingfive don't thi nk just try it out once :)
lennine ratingfive this game is more interesting than the first episode. .
lenfive ratingfive more things and features added.
lentwelve ratingfive in addition to the new stylw of the  road that you run.
lentwo ratingfour super  game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome
lensix ratingfive tample run 2 better then tample run.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwelve ratingfour too good n addictive.i wish motion sensor was lil more sensitive
lenfive ratingfive more are added to run 2.
lenthree ratingfive excellent and fun.
lentwo ratingfive awsum game
lenthree ratingfive addictive good fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lenfourteen ratingfour great grapichs, easy to control and i feel like on the adventure, thumb up.
lenthree ratingfive awesome gaming experience.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenfive ratingthree awesome, but it lags little.
lentwo ratingfour better graphics
lenfour ratingfive good job imagi studio
lenfive ratingthree objectives start repeating in level 8.
lenten ratingfive more challenging game than its first part  :-)for u guys
lenfour ratingfive im excited for temple run3.
lenfour ratingfive i liked until grazy
lensix ratingfive nice one, good quality and addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfive a new dimension of temple run,  but isn't the rail part a bit hard?
lenfive ratingfive make it a bit easier
lennine ratingthree the graphics and game play are amazing and smooth.
lenfourteen ratingthree would give 5 stars if it had a save instead of having to use gems.
lennine ratingone not working on my tab.keeps  on force closing.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive cool game  best time pass
leneight ratingfive cool game.was waiting for it frm december.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 it's a great app.
leneight ratingfive i wish there will be more aviable characters.
lenthree ratingfive super game addictable
lentwo ratingfive occasional jump
lentwenty ratingthree good game however problems with the gems i had a huge high score and game crashed when i said continue
leneleven ratingfive a 5 star for it but takes a lot time to load
lentwentyfive ratingfive one major thing thank you for making this game free coz if it was not i would have to downlpad it trough blackmart thanks again
lentwo ratingfive simply marvelous.
lenfive ratingfive highly addictive and smooth gamplay.
lensix ratingfive i've even rub my penis.
leneight ratingtwo the screen is not showing the whole game .
lentwentyseven ratingfive it takes time to get used to the game but once you do it will be a time magnet which will make you play again and again
leneleven ratingtwo the first is better swype to turn doesn't really work.
lenfive ratingtwo smh nooo don't download
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
leneight ratingfive excellent graphic must have installed in your device.
lenfourteen ratingfive addicted to this one just as much as i was the first good job!
lenfour ratingfive awesome but sometimes lag
lennine ratingone this ruined my experience of the temple run series.
lennine ratingone the game is glitchy and the graphics are discusting.
lensix ratingone bad job, temple rin, bad job.
lentwo ratingfive awesome .awesome .
lensix ratingfive why i cant install this game?
lenthree ratingthree needs more smoothness
lenthirtyfour ratingone whenever i set up a new highscore and i use the gem to revive the player, it crashes, all the time, and i need to start all over again to do the same thing.
leneight ratingone fix this and i'll give you 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive gr8 job guys
lennine ratingfive superb game man you have to check it out
leneleven ratingfive glitches a lot on my phone but it the best game.
lentwo ratingfour time passs
lenten ratingfive i just fell in love with temple run.its beautiful. .
lenfive ratingfour amazng game.mst try it.
leneight ratingfour you have to follow the objectives on screen.
lennineteen ratingfour (level 8 requirements) run 1m meters, if you have run 1m meters before getting this objective then you will get another 1m bar.
lentwelve ratingfour i have 2 gold miners bar on my screen and a 10m meter bar.
leneight ratingfour 1gold miner 70% complete and the other one is 50& complete.
lentwentyone ratingfour when gold miner ojjective started i had 200k coins but i still have to start from begining to acheive target of 500k coins.
lenseven ratingfour hope this makes sence to all gamers
lenfour ratingfive typical platform survival game.
lenthirteen ratingone not able to download on my device.always show error 498.plzz fix it
lentwenty ratingfour the last temple run has invisibility but this temple run does not have invisibility, so with invisibility would be better
lennine ratingfive help, im being chased by a giant wierd animal.
lenthree ratingfive excellent to play
lentwelve ratingone it won't get passed the main screen when it first opens.
lensix ratingfive it gives my heart beat fast!
lenthree ratingfour nice game man.!
leneight ratingfive i don't get bored playing this game.
lenfive ratingfour jxt 1 problem thtx motion sickness.
lennine ratingfour otherwyx thys game ix gr8 better than the firxt part
lenseven ratingthree its so lag in my s advance
lentwelve ratingfive games like this are found ina million years you have to downloaddddeed
lenfive ratingfive excellent game, thank you creators!
leneight ratingfive i have it on everything my phone tablet .
lenten ratingfive imagine it could be on ps vita as a mini.
lenten ratingfive that would get people going  otherwise the app is fantastic:)
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lentwentynine ratingthree i have completely filled the meter with gems.and the power up option that engages boosts immediately.it requires that we use gems everyday tp keep that option full
lentwo ratingfour nice, addictive!
lenten ratingfour but there is a bug i slip automatically at points
lenseventeen ratingthree hi guys, anyone facing problems on xperia s, i will like the game is not very smooth.
leneight ratingthree i have not played on any other phone.
leneleven ratingthree i am rating the game based on gameplay graphics and challenges
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive been addicted to this since i downloaded it a few days ago.
lensix ratingfive much more dynamic than the first.
lenseventeen ratingfive my only complaint is that it gained complexity for slightly jerkier gameplay (even on lowest graphics setting).
lentwelve ratingfive ssomss game aa yaaro temple run to jaada aat aa aaha temple run2
lennine ratingfive it is much better than the other temple run
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lensix ratingfive amazing sequal for a great game
lenfive ratingfive excellent & full time pass game.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive wonderful & additive as usual.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenten ratingfive though it's a bit harder but it's amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive seems like its not the tilt itself but more the calculation of the "usable"
lenthirtyone ratingfive its almost like every few seconds its badly calculated and it thinks there is less width than there really is, so it makes up by shifting the player towards the center.
lenfive ratingfive this is getting quite annoying.
lenthirteen ratingfive doesn't seem to be present on railroad.but it is while running.
lentwenty ratingone can anyone haelp i've really just wanted to play i have a sidekick 4g will give 5 stars when it works
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfive better graphics, better everything.:) keep up the good work!
lenfour ratingfive its so nic game
lentwentyseven ratingfive i love this game but on my phone (droid razer ) it will stop working and its making me sad cause this is my fav game plz help
lenfive ratingfour well it always sometimes freezes.
leneight ratingfour and it sometimes turns me the wrong way.
lennine ratingfour if i jump i turn left and so on.
leneleven ratingfive 2nd time around, new graphics, new environment,  and new twist and turns!
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooo sick.
leneighteen ratingfive i saw a little kid playing on the bus and i was like noooo they made another one.
lenseventeen ratingfive it so much better than the other one which was hard because the first one was amazing.
leneleven ratingfive so thank you yet again fir making this game my addiction.
lenfour ratingfive amazing game and graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive but have to work on sensitivity of game really tilt phone alot to collect coins.
leneleven ratingfour its fun but not very fair that coins don't accumulate.
lenseventeen ratingfour that is really unfair.so think i will stick with the first one until they change this
lentwentyeight ratingfour atleast with my phone, that whenever i get a boost that ends on the sliding rope once i get off the rope the game continues in boost speed.
lentwelve ratingfour i lose because of this glitch every time and it happens alot.
lenfourteen ratingfour so please fix it because it's completely ruining an otherwise perfectly good game.
lenfifteen ratingthree good game but doesnt recognise when i tilt my phone a lot of the time.
leneight ratingthree very annoying when it comes to the tracks.
lenfifteen ratingthree it's a shame that i cannot resume running after i get 8000 coins and die.
leneight ratingthree game stuck when i push save me button.
lennine ratingthree this is currently the best game on google play.
leneight ratingfive make it so the map loads faster please.
leneight ratingfive this the only bad thing about this game.
lentwo ratingfive ultimate game
leneleven ratingfive such a good game so much better then original temple run
leneight ratingfive this temple run is the best one ever!
lentwelve ratingfive the part in which we travel in the cart was the hardest.
leneleven ratingfive superb out standing mind boggling awsum best game ever on android
lenfour ratingfive i lv this game
lensixteen ratingthree well the game is good, but im sick of swiping and the action is totally opposite!
lenfourteen ratingthree more apparent when trying to turn left or right and the character jumps instead.
lenseven ratingthree sort this and it will be 5 stars.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game addictive.
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingfive the name temple run is enough n dis is too much temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive omg quite brilliant game.
lennine ratingfour its simply much more amazing than  temple run 1 & brave .
lenten ratingfour you just feel you have the desire to play it
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive good fun game
lentwelve ratingfive fun game and my wife and i both are stick to it.
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playing it  ?
lenfour ratingfour this game was awesome .
lenten ratingfour but can you fix this prob : when i took powerups .
lenfour ratingfour the powerup wont longer. :(
lenten ratingone its not coming on samsung galaxy tab-1 plzz fixx it
lensix ratingfive i like better than temple run 1!
lenten ratingfive this is a really fun game and free as well!
lensix ratingfive must play, works great on nexus 7.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenthree ratingfour follow me @moneytalksloud
lenfourteen ratingfive bicolanoako.cool game much better than usual.the best cguro kung hd pa ini.
lentwo ratingfive awesomness intensified
lennine ratingfive they did a great job in making this app
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lentwo ratingfive im speechless
lentwo ratingfive great application
lenfour ratingfive awesome game to play
lenthirty ratingfive woow it coolest game i had never played temple run is amzing an temple run2 is awsome lhad played in my brother s,,,,,ipod this temple 2 is coming graphic like intab
leneight ratingfive very very nicegame excellent graphics far better than 1
leneleven ratingthree hard to move when tripped, and add leaderboard using facebook :d
lenfour ratingfive better thn temple run 1
lensixteen ratingtwo i'm using the galaxy player 5.0 the game usually crashes when i click save me gem.
lenfourteen ratingtwo and i noticed people on the same device as mine have the issue too.
lenfive ratingtwo so pls fix this soon :)
leneight ratingfive i see no reason not to play it.
lenten ratingfive it's way better than temple run & temple run: brave.
lenthirteen ratingfive the design & the new things to do & buy are just so much better.
lenfour ratingfive download + it's free! :)
lenseventeen ratingfive another great work by imangi productions, great new additions, features and the best part is the 3d graphics.
lenten ratingfive sometimes it lags but im giving 5 stars cuz it deserves. :-)
lenfour ratingfour nice and fun game
leneleven ratingfive it's the same game as temple run 1 with prettier graphics.
lenten ratingfive the few features that are added are a good improvement.
lenfour ratingfive awesome creativity awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfive kya game hai isne toh pt usha ko bhi fail ker diya
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game, when i play the first temple run i'm not really like.
leneight ratingfive but ilove the second is really-really awesoooooome!
leneight ratingfive this game is alot better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive quality is better now.
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much!
lensix ratingfour save me option is best :p.
lenfive ratingfive g8 graphics and controls than previous
lenthirtythree ratingthree this game is alot of fun i played it for awhile but when i exit the game and try to go back in later it won't load.will do the opening screen.
lenseven ratingthree and then go straight to home screen.
lenthirteen ratingthree would give higher rating if it would get fixed but overall great game
lentwo ratingfive extremely fun
lenthree ratingfive itz just awesome
leneight ratingfour shd have a way to quit the game
lenfive ratingfive gd game and amazing graphics
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing graphics.!
lenthree ratingfive road to 25 million
lentwo ratingfive fun unlimited.
lenseven ratingfive tample run 2 game better then tample run.
lenfive ratingfour a very fun game indeed :)
lenseven ratingfive works smoothly and the level is tougher.
lennine ratingfive this game is the best game ever to me
lenfour ratingfive wow very fun game  .
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original.
lensix ratingfive just as addictive as temple run!
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is definitely great, just the bug cause me to get 10million aall of a sudden, haha.
lenfifteen ratingfive anyway, i m using s2, but the graphic i can use is only good, very sad.
lensix ratingfive or else it crash like hell.
lentwelve ratingfive how i wish i could use best n it hang like hell.
lennineteen ratingfive already made 36lakhs :d the coins come very often so its damm easy to collect coins and upgrading stuff :d
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lennine ratingfive the most magnetic and attractive game of the year.
leneleven ratingfive but there should be some  stages or end to the game.
lenseven ratingfive otherwise the person will be running forever.
lensix ratingfive way more challenging which is better
lenten ratingone it is worst game i waste my 32 mb on it.
lentwo ratingfive nice games .
lentwo ratingfive febulious.fentabulious.
lenthree ratingfive so addictively fun
leneight ratingfive a very fun game to kill some time
lennine ratingfour improves and adds many challenges to the previous version.
leneighteen ratingfour one point of improvement is the sudden gap with two turning options, took me a while to realise!
lenfive ratingfour add to the tutorial maybe?
lentwo ratingfive more exciting
lentwentyfour ratingone i installed the game then when i try to play it everything zooms in and i can't see the character or the obsticles!
leneighteen ratingfive the game is great!i have not found any glitches and the graphics are awesome.5 stars good job
lentwo ratingfive little laggy
leneleven ratingfive very detailed more obstacles a major improvement on the first one
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive best of all of the temple runs
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
lentwo ratingfive im addicted
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is a awesome game with excellent features and graphic.
lentwentythree ratingone the game doesn't open on my phone (lg thrill) so if there could be an update to fix that would be great
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lentwo ratingfive disk dhaka
leneight ratingfive best graphics and is super fun for android
lensix ratingfive awsom 1 xclnt was waiting 4 d hit
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't usually rate 5 stars but this game is a must have!
lentwo ratingfour addictive game.
lenfour ratingfour good to pass time
lenthirty ratingthree i was realy so exited abouy this game  but evertime i open it with my galaxy tablet it keeps force closing it i will rate this 5 star if its fix
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics than previous version
lenten ratingtwo i couldn't even open the game.not very happy.
lenten ratingone device tilt option is not working for galaxy tab ( gt-p1000 )
lenfourteen ratingfour its an amazing game but it lags and glitches a lot of the time
lentwo ratingfive suppr game
lenfourteen ratingone every time i try to download it says i cant due to an eror
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played
lenfifteen ratingtwo it is very annoying that i can't play on my sidekick 4g please fix this
lenfour ratingfive this is adrenaline dude
lensix ratingfour good but turning makes it hard
lensix ratingfive way better than other running game
lenthree ratingfive ek c lent
lenten ratingthree .if it were me, i would add levels to this.
lenfifteen ratingthree so you feel like you're progressing, not starting from the very beginning every time.
lenfour ratingthree maybe different lands/environments.
lentwentythree ratingthree i know your progress is marked by power-ups, but i just get frustrated starting from beginning, like i didn't get anywhere.
lenfive ratingthree it makes me lose interest.
lenfive ratingfive never been better.big ups
leneight ratingfive awesome and not as repetitive as temple run 1.
leneleven ratingone imangi studios screen appears and then force closes.plzz fix it.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i try this game on sony xperia j and its good.but on lg optimus l3 the screen is bugs.please fix it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive more powerups make it easily to win the distance!
lenthirteen ratingone after download , i see it does not working  so i will gave 0 star
lentwentythree ratingthree well after being addicted to the first i just had to get the second and i love it top marks once again guys
lenfive ratingfive you will love this game
lenfour ratingfive it's cool game.
lenfiftysix ratingone i have to repeat the 5 jewel missions twice and also the 10 millions missions lost my high score of 20 mil the save file just blew off .also main screen loading takes around a minute to start and the upgrades need a scroll bar because if you by mistakenly click a wrong ability is upgraded please fix this
lenthree ratingfive challenging and fun
lenthirteen ratingfive just download and experience the easy to learn, graphically amazing, highly addictive game.
leneight ratingthree good game.has unexpected turns so watch out!
lenfourteen ratingfive based off the comments and videos i can tell that it'll be awesome!
lenfour ratingfive this app is amazing!
lensix ratingfive way more entertaining than the first!
lenfive ratingfive great way too pass time.
leneleven ratingfive i really enjoy the game great way to make time go
lennineteen ratingfive good game i enjoy it so much down load it now if u red into action games like me.
lenfive ratingfive u won't be disappointed ;)
lentwo ratingfive preety game
lenfive ratingfive the game has proved again.
lensix ratingone after i rated this game 5 stars.
leneight ratingone now when i play the game it freezes.
lenseven ratingfive this game is excellent and really good
leneight ratingone since i hace verion i have limited data.
lentwelve ratingone this one of the few games i can play without using it.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome, though it occasionaly gets stuck running in the middle
lenfourteen ratingfive seems like its not the tilt itself but more the calculation of the "usable"
lenthirtyone ratingfive its almost like every few seconds its badly calculated and it thinks there is less width than there really is, so it makes up by shifting the player towards the center.
lenten ratingfive that or it auto centers you for some reason constantly.
lenthirteen ratingfive doesn't seem to be present on railroad.but it is while running.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive this game is wonderful and so nice
lennine ratingfive really no hangs best graphics enjoy playin dis game
lenseven ratingfive great game, great graphics, all in one!
lensix ratingfive i recommend it for xoom users.
lenfourteen ratingfive my highest score in temple run 1 is 5 million but in temple run 2 is 26 million.
lenseven ratingfive so easy and so great to use. :-)
lentwelve ratingfour didnt really like the first one bit this seems a lot better
lenseventeen ratingtwo temple run 2 is a great game unfortunately can't download it on my android fone.so sad!
lenfourteen ratingtwo i wonder what's wrong for i had no problem downloading temple run before :)
lenfive ratingfive wish u mke a prt 3
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played .
lennine ratingfive i would recommend u to download and play it!
lenthree ratingfive addicting and fun!
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is filled with new twists and challenges compared to temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfour i would recommend it to anybody who likes games that may get addictive
leneight ratingfive its the bst game i've played ever.!
lentwo ratingfive outstanding graphics.!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive n yes sometimes  it's jst bcs of the graphics why i die while playing bcs my eyes don't concentrate on the game and i keep looking at the.beautiful locations.!
lenseven ratingfive the best on my top running game.
leneight ratingfive it is a exelent game in my life
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive liked the first but love the second!
lensix ratingfive love temple run, also love this!
leneleven ratingfive feels like temple run, still different than it in many aspects!
lenfour ratingfive super adictive!;) loving it
lenfour ratingfour nice graphical n updates
leneleven ratingfour i like this game and all but there are some issues.
lenseven ratingfour sometimes i slide and it doesnt slide.
lentwenty ratingfour and other times it laggs so thry need to fix this besides all that its fun better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingfive awesome game.better than temple run.tilt senstivity can be imprived.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lennineteen ratingfive great mechanic as well as execution, game is complete and fun even if you don't feel like paying.
lenseven ratingtwo it's super laggy everytime i play
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive it is so amazing,lovely and dangerous:-)!
lenseven ratingfive runs on htc explorer without any issues.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's really fun and a little bit hard but i still liked it.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenten ratingfive a friend showed it to me i'm like omg!
lennine ratingfive i went home grabbed my phone and downloaded it.
lenfourteen ratingfive my brother saw me play it ,tryed it ,and invited a lot of people.
lentwentythree ratingfour well i could play the first  temple run but this one gets to the imangi screen then goes back to the home screen.
lenseventeen ratingfour amazing game but the controls arent as fluid and a little less responsive 5 stars if resolved xx
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour download for addiction.
lentwo ratingfive loving ut
lenten ratingfive mi esposa se cambi?a android gracias a este juego.
leneight ratingfive en su segunda versin es aun mejor, muy buenos grficos
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love playing it
lenfour ratingfive this game is sooooo.
lenseven ratingfive fun u have to play the game!
leneighteen ratingfive the ziplines the monster 5 times bigger and also its harder then the first, i like a little harder.
lensixteen ratingfive u need to play it i love it just get it u will agree with me .
lenseven ratingfive this game is really fun and exciting :)!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive wayyyy better then the first i play it all day!
lensix ratingfive most addicting game ever so fun
lenten ratingfive this gets me once i start i do not stop
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
leneight ratingfour i can't screenshot my high score though.
lentwentytwo ratingfive very much impressed with this one much better than the previous one , and the rail rush period is difficult for tablet mobiles.
lenthirteen ratingfour hate that i can't play it laying down but i'm addicted
lentwelve ratingfive temple run is the best game in my life hope they make 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
lennineteen ratingfive addicted is all i can say, i addicted i got fired yesterday from my job yesterday for playing this.
leneleven ratingfive good news is now i can play all day on unemployment.
lenthirtyfive ratingone i cant believe that the magnet doesn't give triple value anymore, as really disappointed because i leveled it 4 times keep thinking it'll give atleast double value, but still didn't.really really disappointed.: (
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenseven ratingfour i think temple run 1 was abit better
leneight ratingfive simply amazing.10 times better than its previous version.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive better animation and more fun than initial temple run.
lensix ratingfive introduction of new ways to run.
lennine ratingfive like going in cart in a tunnel.feels good.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthirteen ratingfive my friend got me into this game, and now i can't stop.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive super cute
lenseven ratingfour crashes too much :/ still enjoy it tho !:)
lennine ratingfive its far better than the top class first version!
leneleven ratingfive just wish that there was a way to get free coins.
lensix ratingfive by liking fb pages etc! :p
lentwelve ratingfour this so good during boring class hours and free tine at school.
lenfour ratingfive good game for phones.
leneight ratingfive more stuff to jump and slide over/under
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirty ratingfour a bit of bug about item stacking (if u get coin magnet then a half duration later u get that item again, the duration still based on first power up)
lenthree ratingfive really fun game.
lenfour ratingfive needs better graphics though.
lenthirteen ratingfive but if you liked temple run then you will definitely like this game.
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run 1 because of details.
leneight ratingfive so fun can't wait for temple run 3
lennine ratingtwo the game lags a lot on galaxy s3 dual core
lenfive ratingfive perfect and best game ever.
lentwo ratingfive cool gamee (:
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome good graphics and hope make part 3 but not to soon i already reached million
lentwo ratingfive wonderfull game
lenfortysix ratingthree its very fun i like how the monkey is bigger, although i dont like how sensitive it is to tilt the screen to collect coins, how you cant see the charecter when he/she slides underneath objects, and when you turn the corner the screen curves.
lentwelve ratingthree unlike the older version the screen immediately switched to right or left.
lentwelve ratingthree i gave it three stars because i still prefer the older version.
lenthirteen ratingthree fix the sensitivity and the animation problems and its a five star application!
lentwenty ratingfive temple run 2 is an awesome game its better then the first game just telling y'all you should get it.
leneleven ratingfive there are new items in the game and a new adventure.
lensix ratingfive its like the real deal here!
lentwentyone ratingfour the game lags sometimes and i fall off the cliff and the tilt on the game isn't great at all.
lenfifteen ratingfour live the game but i has a few minor flaws that need to be fixed.
lenthree ratingfive temple run two
lensix ratingfive it is horrible jk its cool
lentwo ratingfive nyc games
lensix ratingfive theres not a lot of caracters :/
lenseven ratingfive i am verry impressed with the graphichs.
lenfourteen ratingfive what i dont understand is the end,the 8 thing its imposible to get to.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best app i played.
lenfive ratingone superb game of imangi studios
lentwentythree ratingtwo ok game 1 st is good 1 better quality graphic in this temple2 low quality graphic some time no understand where to go or dead end
lentwentyeight ratingtwo swipes and tilts unresponsive at times and the result is death.the visuals have improved but all and all this game is pretty lame if you ask me.
leneleven ratingfive thanks to google for develop this amazing game m loving it
lennineteen ratingthree this temple run 2 is very laggy for my samsung galaxy w. pls update and ill give you five stars!
lensix ratingfive its better than the previous version
lenthirteen ratingfive man this game is the bomb couldn't stop playen after first try
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics!
lenseven ratingfour much better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive better then first version
lenseven ratingfive it a fun game much funner than 1
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive this new temple run is so exciting and more challenging 2 play.
lenfour ratingthree its a awsome game
lentwelve ratingfive really excellent game i have ever played .5 stars from me.truly excellent:-)
lentwo ratingfour great fun!
lenfortytwo ratingfour recommend putting more things in to buy with coins plus my objectives stopped at level 9 but one is still there which i've done it's the run 1000000 metres i had 2 of them and one duplicate went but the other didn't
lentwentyone ratingfive great app to past time with and it seems like the amount of things to buy with the coins never ends
leneight ratingfive entertainment entertainment entertainment  osm graphics i loved it.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game as its predecessor!
leneleven ratingfive to think running could be so much fun, well done imangi!
lentwentyone ratingfive please do develop more games, i need more games that look this good (and that work on an old htc desire).
leneight ratingfive it fun and alot better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive hd-dvd
lenthirtynine ratingthree after much wait and anticipation, playing 100s of other rip offs of temple run, i was really worried as how the game might come back n can it be a hit again!.now i only have one thing to say.
lenfiftyone ratingthree superb come back :d :d :d.though.it's need an update as soon as possible coz it hangs slot.fps drops gradually n it even hard restarted my phone for atleast 5times already after installation.so please fix it as soon as possible.5 star for the gaming experience but 3 fr unstable
leneight ratingfive this is the coolest game on my phone.!
lentwo ratingfive excellent app.
lenfour ratingfive need i say more?
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lenfour ratingfive yeah i like it
lentwenty ratingfour awesome addictive game but has minor bugs which makes you die in the game when your not suppose to so 4/5
lenfour ratingfive gud game on apps
lenfour ratingfour such a swell game
lenthirtyseven ratingfour this game is awesome but it needs some work like more characters to unlock and maybe add some accessories to go with the characters other than that i can't go to sleep without playing this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game.!
leneight ratingtwo sometimes become laggy on my xperia arc s :(
lenten ratingone like you'll have 6,000 coins one second and 300 the next.
lenseven ratingone waste of time to play this one.
lensix ratingone also, customer service is even worse.
leneight ratingone i emailed them 3 times and yet no reply.
lenthree ratingthree tends to "stick"
lensix ratingthree not enough jewels to pick up.
leneighteen ratingthree picking up anything can be hard, because often you can't see them until it's too late.
lenfifteen ratingthree also, speeds up so much that you need to be superhuman to play any further.
leneight ratingfive great game can't get enough of it.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive just enough to be better than the original!
leneleven ratingfive much more better than temple run i love it thank you!
lensix ratingfive this is better than the original!
lenfour ratingfive excellent and very addictive
lentwentytwo ratingfour its really fun but when you have a boost and it ends on the zip line it keeps going unroll you die!
leneighteen ratingthree the game crashed everytime i got above 500k of points and it did not save the stats.please fix.
lenthree ratingfive very fantastic game
lenten ratingfive waiting for this to come out was definitely worth it.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the graphics improved immensely, the different obsticles surprise you and make tou want to keep going, and the thing i think improved the most was the missions.
lentwentysix ratingfive with games like these that don't end it's very fun to have something to work for like completing that last mission to level up.
lenthree ratingfive great job guys.
lentwentysix ratingfive if there is going to be a third, don't rush it, take your time and make the difference from the last as good as this.
lenfour ratingfive cool its very nice.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive great game and better  graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is amazing the only thing it needs is more new characters.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i love the game ,but sometimes if i go out of the game and try to get back on it won't come back on ,and it will put it back on the home screen.
leneighteen ratingfour i love the game but if google doesn't fix this problem, they will lose a great member.
lenfifteen ratingfive its better than the last one u have more to do an unlock dis time
lentwelve ratingfive have been anticipating temple run 2 for android, and it is a surprise!
lenseventeen ratingfour the game is really fun, i love it.but it lags so horribly, it's quite annoying.
lenfive ratingfour other than that, awesome game!
lennine ratingfive simple game and most funny game ever i play.
lenseven ratingfive it has a new character and puzzle
lenfive ratingfive this is a great creativity
lentwentythree ratingone i purchased the 50,000 coins, money was taken out of my bank account but haven't got my coins.48 hours and still no coins >:(
lenthree ratingfive nic nice nicee
lenseventeen ratingfive it's really nice graphics and excellent game.the game is very hard but it is nice.
lenfive ratingthree love the new temple run!
leneight ratingfive runnig fine on cm10.1 and much better than previous :)
lensixteen ratingfive good game with nice smooth graphics, a little bit lame in respond to swipe, but excellent!
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun.
lenten ratingthree the setting is more diverse compared to the previous, version.
lenten ratingthree this can be fun but also pretty chaotisch at times.
lenfive ratingfive i have fun playing dis.
lensix ratingfive its runs nicely on my phone.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseventeen ratingone while this is a fun game it's a little rough around the edges at the moment.
lenten ratingone other reviewers have covered most of the playability bugs/issues.
lenfortytwo ratingone i've notice through gsam battery monitor that regardless of exit method (back button, home key, swipe away from recent apps, force quit) this app continues to run in the background and its use of the magnetic sensor constantly drains the battery.
lentwelve ratingone restarting the phone seems to be the only way around this issue.
lenfive ratingfive so enjoy to play this
lenthree ratingthree hope new uptaed
lennine ratingfour still a little hitchy, but better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive excellent game i have ever played
lenfour ratingfour thanks for the games
lenfifteen ratingfive better graphics than before.bt have to brought litle more fun.hoping in next update.
lentwelve ratingfive othrwise temple run n temple run 2 both r ossom.really love it.
lenten ratingfour awesome game, just hangs a little sometimes during game session
lenfive ratingfive great game and time killer.
lensix ratingfive its a reallu good time killer
lensixteen ratingthree ipod had the game for a bit of time before us 4 stars for makein us wait
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenthree ratingfive addictive & exciting game
lenthree ratingfive great new gqme
lentwo ratingfive sud teen.
leneight ratingfour add this feature and ill give you a 5star.
lentwo ratingfour im using s3
lenthree ratingfour lags sometimes though
lenseven ratingfour great game but lags on android sometime
lentwentynine ratingfour i hate this annoying bug when boost powerup ends while you are on the rope, in that case player accelerates dramatically and he will never slow down after that.
lentwentyseven ratingone but, i had almost 50,000 coins and a few jewels, with some upgraded stuff and when i went back to play it today all my stuff was deleted.
leneight ratingone oh and i would like my stuff back!
lennine ratingfour difficult then temple run 1.but loved playing this game
lentwelve ratingfive gr8 game vd excellent graphics n a very good tym killer man :d
lenfour ratingfive really fun, im hooked
lensix ratingfive maybe just make tilting more sensitive.
lenseventeen ratingfour worked good for first few days but now it resets all my stats when i go off
lenfourteen ratingone still bugs are not fixed for all android devices as it was temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive awsum.bettr thn temple run1.love playing it.
lenfour ratingfive difficulty level is high.
lennineteen ratingfive but can you make the effect last longer like when i had enough coins i can activate the power.
lentwelve ratingfive but then i happened to touch the item with the same effect.
leneleven ratingfive it didn't enhance the effect or make it last longer.
leneleven ratingfive challenging but always want to know what's around the corner!
lensix ratingfive 5500 meters and then it's hell.
lensixteen ratingfive all in all, a fine game to pass time :-) (xperia neo v medium graphics option enabled)
lenfour ratingfive awsmm den first one
leneight ratingfour nice game but not better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfour nice game!
lenfourteen ratingthree it always lag on my samsung galaxy s hoppin. :/ i dont whats the problem.
lentwentynine ratingfive when i almost hit the rock on the rail, i tilt so fast, it rotate the screen, then the background is black.no fall down, no crushes, no nothing.
lenseven ratingfive score in 49 million because of that glitch
lenten ratingfive i love it and i'm so addicted to it.
lenseven ratingfive i play it at least every night.
lenthirteen ratingfive its an excellent game.a must to download.beware you will get addicted.
lenfour ratingfive good job and thanks.
lensix ratingfive just  couldn't stop playing it.
lenfive ratingfive really i didn't like tp1.
lenfour ratingfive graphics is really awesome.
lensixteen ratingfive i couldnt wait for temple run 2 and the graphics are great and it was totally unexpected!
lenseven ratingfive plus, it works great on my galaxy s3! :)
leneleven ratingfive way better than the first one and i like the minecarts
lenfour ratingfive top app for android
lenfour ratingone not fun too hard
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfive ratingfive add in more cool stuffs
lensixteen ratingfour some new mechanics such as mine carting and zip lining gives temple run a fresh twist.
lennine ratingfour runs amazing on at&t gs3, even with best graphics.
leneleven ratingfour some things to improve: add a tilt sensitivity option in settings.
leneight ratingfour update: the sound lags when using bluetooth headphones
leneighteen ratingfour i really really want to pay this game but i can't download it on my galaxy tab.
lenten ratingfour please fix i'm really looking forward to playing it! :(
lentwentynine ratingfive look my name is keisy,but i'm only 10 but all i know is that if you think number 2 is better than 1 than you should rate and buy it.
lentwentytwo ratingfour its fun but when i slide it to the left or right sometimes it jumps and when i slide sometime it jumps.
lenfourteen ratingfive i might as well delete my temple run app.temple run 2 has me spoiled!
lentwo ratingfive supa addicting
lenten ratingfive this game is excellent.i feel real.not a game.
lensixteen ratingfive a much better game than temple run one but is still just as simple to play.
lenfive ratingfive it is a amazing game.
lenten ratingfive i got a higher distance than in temple run one.
leneleven ratingfive i have no words to express this game it is awesom
lenthirteen ratingfour be better when speed boost and speed boots stack rather than get wasted.
lenseven ratingfour its a great game but sometimes unfair.
lentwentyfour ratingfour for example whilst using the boost, the odd time it gives you no warning its about to run out and smacks you into trees.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise pretty addictive and fun.
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is a big improvement of the original, awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingone like many other complaints for htc it just doesn't load on my phone  :(
lenthree ratingfive love it game! :)
lenseven ratingfour good game but glitches on my droid x2
lenthree ratingfive ver goodall features
lentwo ratingfive great app
leneight ratingfive love it soooooo much better than the first:))
lensixteen ratingfour it kinda goes slow on android, but i cant help but to play its sooooooo fun!
lensix ratingfive the best running game in the
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics so awesome.excellent game.all office friends compete each other.lol.great
lenthirteen ratingfive is it me or this game is much easier then the other one?
lenfour ratingthree great game awesome graphics
lentwentytwo ratingone the game worked for a while, and the actual gameplay is quite an improvement over the first game, which i really enjoyed.
lentwentysix ratingone the problem is that it crashes every few minutes, and on multiple occasions i've had the game reset so that i lost all my progress.
lenthirtyeight ratingone sadly, this is happening after i already bought the $5 coin doubler, which i now regret, and along with the lost progress the game has no indication of whether or not the coin doubler is even active any more.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the only thing is when you have to start again after you die, it should start from where you left off, its kind of boring to start from begginging all the time.
lenseventeen ratingone for some reason its freezing my phone i have to take the battery out its very annoyong
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lentwentyone ratingthree good game.but for dual core phones.the single core ones must be really good to play it a bit fluid
leneleven ratingfive it is great if you like quick and fire hand movements
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is the most exelent game i have ever played
lenfour ratingfive i love this game !
lenfive ratingfive better the temple run 1 :d
lenfour ratingfive i luv part onr. .
lenthirteen ratingfour so i like the game, but i can not use save me twice!
lenfour ratingfour ive wasted atleast 12 gems!
lenfive ratingfour i hope this gets resolved.
lenfive ratingfour until it does im uninstalling
lenfour ratingfive soo fun to play
lenfour ratingfive guys, wow, just wow
lentwentyseven ratingthree its better than the first but i don't like how i can have almost five thousand coins then do a run then somehow have two thousand.
lentwelve ratingthree crashes often on samsung sii, usually when using the save me feature.
lensix ratingthree few other bugs to be ironed.
lenfive ratingthree and magnets don't stack.
lensix ratingfive it freezes too much on android
lenthirtythree ratingfive love this game very addictive me and my husband play it all the time, there is just alittle lag sometimes when you get farther into the game other then that love this game.
lenfour ratingfive nice game and powerups
lenten ratingone i can't see the full game in mr screen.
lenthree ratingone anyway awesome game.
lenseven ratingone when it fixes i will rate again.
lenfifteen ratingfour the game is a lil better i have no problems with it, its.worth downloading.
leneight ratingfive this game is so fun but so adicting!
lenfive ratingfive definitely recamend this game 5/5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive amazing & very very addictive
lenfive ratingone i beg designers of game.
leneight ratingfour just better graphics and a few small changes
lenfifteen ratingthree worked great at first but after the update it froze after i died, please fix
lenseven ratingfive its a very fun game to play!
lenthree ratingfive perfect time killer!
lentwentyfive ratingfour my only beef is that when i use the save me gems, sometimes the game crashes on me and a good score gets wiped out.
lentwentyfour ratingfour and i lose the gems i've spent and i don't get credit for the gems i've picked up on the run.
lentwo ratingtwo runs smooth.
lenfourteen ratingtwo seems to be a nice improvement over the first, but freezes whenever i die.
lensix ratingtwo only way out is force quit.
leneighteen ratingone this game wont even open it just goes  back to home screen if i could id give 0 stars
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet(:
lentwo ratingfive awesome awesome!
leneight ratingfive it is excellent game.graphics are very good.
lenfour ratingfive a fantastic time killer.
lentwelve ratingfive very entertaining game.the only problem you fall easily from the edges
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensixteen ratingfive a great move by imangi studios for adding up new and exciting obstacles for the player.
lensix ratingfive more thrilling than the previous version!
lenfour ratingfive cool game.having fun.
lenten ratingfive awesome garaphics, good game, nice and enjoying with this game
lennine ratingfive this one is much better then the temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingfive m being honest, i hardly play games bt this one is driving me crazy.
leneleven ratingfour i love the game its so much better then the first.
lensixteen ratingfour but after a week of play the game reset and everyone of my stats was wiped.
lenfifteen ratingfour the other problem is wen i try to play, after i die the game freezes.
lenfifteen ratingfour it is really annoying and it would make me happy if u fixed the glitch.
lenfive ratingfour thank you for your time.
lenfive ratingfour temple run 2 has been improved
lentwo ratingfive temple run 3? :-)
lentwentyfive ratingfour the color of the stone are kinda hard to see so if u can change the stone color to darker color, i'll give 5 star
lenfour ratingthree must have sensitivity control !
lenfive ratingfour very nice really live thrilling
lentwo ratingfive asome game
lentwo ratingfive super cool
lenfifteen ratingthree great game just one problem the tilting doesn't seem as responsive as the original.
lennineteen ratingthree i really have to tilt my phone for it to work, but then i can't see the screen.
leneight ratingfive great sequel with stunning visuals and addicting quests.
leneleven ratingfive expect the same gameplay but with better graphics, sounds, and quests.
lentwentytwo ratingfive but i didn't like image of coins and the ground.the cave part  and rope one was nice and a surprise
lenfifteen ratingthree good graphics but the only issue i have it that it clitches and i die
leneight ratingfive may lag at first but goes away quickly
lenfive ratingfive great game with good graphics.
leneleven ratingfive the game is great and fun so much more to play.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive the greatest game i just couldn't let my phone off my hand.
lensix ratingfive hoping to see 'temple run 3' soon. .
lenthree ratingfive very nice. .game
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is great i love it thx for making such a great game
lenfour ratingfive tjis is so difficult
lentwelve ratingfive its really fun except doesnt have as many people as the first
lenthree ratingone bull shit game
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun
leneight ratingone it crashed ever time on motorola plz fix
lensix ratingfive totally awesome upgrade of temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive this game is a bad bwoy game.
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun
lenfourteen ratingfive superb , fabulous , fantastic , jst get it guys , n u vl fall wid dis game.
leneighteen ratingfive it works better, better graphics and trolley ride is new and interestin.i look forward for tr 3 too.;)
leneight ratingfive loved temple run, this is twice as good!
lentwo ratingfive excelant game
lenthree ratingfive cant leave playing
lenseven ratingfive this is way better than temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive the gaame is just awesowmme
leneleven ratingfive this game just keeps getting better every time i play it.
lenseventeen ratingfour very good game only thing that when it laggs it don't register touch so you die
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive veer game  is very funny plz .  like this
lenthirtythree ratingfive its aweome you people made an amazing game wow just wow i cnt belive it is better than the first temple run but sure enogh it blew temple rrun out of the water
lenfour ratingone lags, crashes, on galaxy s2
lentwo ratingfive great details.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lentwo ratingfive super games
lennine ratingfive just as fun as the original but more challenging.
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive soooooo gooood
lenten ratingthree the app lags on android no matter what i do.
lenseven ratingthree i have even factory reset my phone.
lennine ratingthree i loose all the time because of lag spikes.
lentwentyone ratingthree don't get me wrong, its an amazing game, but it works better on an apple prouduct, like my sisters ipod.
lennine ratingthree please work on the isdue i have with lag.
lenseven ratingfour glad android has this game now, too!
lenten ratingfive and it's a app makes an smartphone ultra smartphone. :)
lentwo ratingthree decent game
lensixteen ratingfour i think there's a glitch or something, because it glitches while i'm playing & freezes.
lentwelve ratingfour & half the time when i try to swype right it slides down.
lensix ratingfive the graphics and everything is akaxinh
lenseven ratingone does not work on mobile android .it'$ 2.3
lenfive ratingfive this game is simply awesome
lensixteen ratingfive if you liked the old temple run you would love this one reall ygood graphics toooo
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive tilt is a little off.
lenfive ratingfive awesome on my galaxy tab 2
lenfifteen ratingfive the game is great overall i really love it but there's so much lag.
lentwenty ratingfive the graphics are amazing in the gameplay is excellent but i lag like every other four minutes and its irritating .
leneleven ratingfive very good graphics fun and challenging i could play it aaaaalllllllllll day!
lenfive ratingfive great effects 3d is very good
lentwelve ratingfive great  game  and  well  done  to  to  the  people  who  made  it
lenfortysix ratingone i did just have a problem with force closing when i use a save me but now i'm pixxed because i reached 1,000,000 life time coins which took forever and as soon as i got it it closes and when i reopen i'm back to 500,372
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive super like!
lenten ratingone i can't see the full game in my screen.
lenthree ratingone anyway awesome game.
lenseven ratingone when it fixes i will rate again.
lenfive ratingthree drains the battery rlly fast
lenthirtyfour ratingfive its playing on my cell but the menu,pause button and score of game  appear so large on my  screen that i can't play the game .plzzz inform me what to do now.
lensixteen ratingfour its a good game, but after a point of time the objectives are completely non-imaginative.
leneleven ratingfour there is no inspiration to play on beyond a certain level.
lenthree ratingfive love it lol
leneight ratingfour not sooo addictive but yes good time pass.
lentwo ratingfour nice approach
lenthree ratingfive nice,beautiful  graphic.
lensixteen ratingfive first time u play hard to control but u play some more is easy to play.
lenfifteen ratingfive masth time pass ;)& vry eager to see wats nxt wats nxt?realy intresing and superb:)
lenten ratingfive this is an excellent sequel to the other temple runs.
lensixteen ratingfive it hits all of the best qualities of its predecessors, with improved speed, graphics, and balance.
lentwenty ratingfive my only issue is that powerups' timers should stack or at least reset when the player gets 2 in a row.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive for instance, if you build up your meter and use shield and get another just before it runs out, it ends based on the first shield and the second has no effect at all!
leneleven ratingfive this isn't necessary since the meter freezes when abilities activate.
lensix ratingfour great game beat the first one.
lensixteen ratingfour working on this one, but am i the only one who loses points that i earned?
lentwentythree ratingfour i had 2100+ points before i started another game then after i had what i earned in that game only in my upgrade menu.
lenfour ratingfour til then 4 star's
lenthree ratingfive give more characters
lensix ratingfive very exciting game with new features.
lenseven ratingfive but still i luv sub way surfers ;)
lentwelve ratingtwo sometimes when i try to buy a gem it will force close.
lentwenty ratingtwo it won't let me keep any gems previously used in the run and it doesn't save the score.
lenfour ratingtwo fix it.otherwise 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingone every time i download it, it says error 498 can someone please help me.
lenfive ratingfive its a really fun game
lenseventeen ratingfour calibration from side to side need to be adjusted to be faster with out tilting so much.
lenten ratingfour oo and it is too easy now for skilled players!
lentwentyfive ratingfour kind of ruins it, the save me option should be used like the wings in temple run 1 because than it had to be manually applied.
lenseventeen ratingfour makes a difference when competing with friends, now it does not have that vibe to it anymore.
lenthree ratingfour using optimus g
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive brilliant fun, awesome graphics and a few new features :) very enjoyable
lennine ratingfive this version is even better that the first one.
lentwentythree ratingfive the shadows of the buildings are a bit dark and sometimes i can't tell if there is an obstacle in the shadow.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingone i have played this game on ios as well.
lennine ratingone but in android it stops evry now n then.
leneight ratingone it consumes so much ram that phone hangs.
lentwelve ratingfive nice changeup.the homage to indy in the min cart is awesome.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game!
lenseven ratingfive excellent and more challenging than temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive superrbbbly addicted. :-)
lenfour ratingfive i enjoyed playing it
lensixteen ratingfive its way more challenging then number 1 and more addicting watch out for the ruler of all ;-)
lentwentyfour ratingthree well when important running the game will lag and it will mess me up all the time its hard to get a good score.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great upgrades.
lensixteen ratingone if u want to get money or reputation, why dont you make it a paid game.
lennineteen ratingone i am willing to pay, but deleting my high scores and restarting the game when i am on level 8.
lenfour ratingone i cant tolerate that.
lensix ratingone plus the game crashes too often.
leneight ratingone temple run brave was way better than this.
lenthirtytwo ratingone this has happened to me twice now my phone dies or have to take my battery out, and when i come back to play the game all of my progress is gone!
lenfour ratingone the lag is ridiculous.
leneleven ratingone needs to be fixed and then the game will be amazing!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game better than before.
lentwo ratingfive toooo gudddddd.
lentwentythree ratingfour temple run 2 is ok but i find number 1 more enjoyable on number 1 i get a higher score its definitely easier on the 1st one
lenseven ratingfive you will find good & superb gaming experience.
lennineteen ratingfive at first i thought it was a fake but it's real and awesome no bugs and very challenging
lenfour ratingfive gud  vry gud excellent
lentwentyseven ratingfive temple run 2 is the best running game i have ever played.runs very smoothly.and its much better than subway surfers.thank-you imangi studious.very happy
lenseven ratingone need a bug fix for lenovo ideapad.
lensixteen ratingone worked well the first couple of times but doesn't go past the first screen now.
lennine ratingfive it's exactly the same as #1, but slightly different.
lennine ratingtwo it is a good game but it laggs alot.
lenfour ratingone its a suprb game.
leneight ratingone but its not working in my dell venue.
lenthirteen ratingthree this game is really fun and all but all my coins keep disappearing.
lentwentyseven ratingthree and i would love to upgrade but somehow i get up to 8,000 then all of a sudden i'm back to 1,000 and i don't use them.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game u must have
lenfour ratingfive need i say more?
lenthree ratingfive fantastic great run
lenseven ratingfive minecarts, ropes,  this gam is soo epic!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive would like it better if each character you unlock has a different trait.
lenseventeen ratingfive karma lee can jump over the tree or the cop can stumple twice w/o being eaten.
lenfour ratingfive great games, love it!
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome i love it especially with all the new features waiting for temple run 3
lenfourteen ratingfive didn't think they could improve on the first one but they did awesome
lenfive ratingfive way better than subway surfer
lentwentyfive ratingfour there's a bug if you have speed boost activated and it ends while you're sliding a rope, the speed boost won't stop.
lenthirteen ratingfour however you will become vulnerable again and run into your death almost instantly.
lenseventeen ratingfour encountered this several times already, a friend said he has seen it on the iphone as well.
lensix ratingfour also needs more sensitivity regarding tilting.
lenfive ratingfour this is an awesome app.
lenten ratingfour if you like the first, you'll love the second.
lenthirteen ratingfour as everyone say, the over tilting must be rectified in the next update
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is awesome its my favorite game its so cool i wish they make a 3rd one
lensixteen ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than the 1st the graphics are really good and it's amazing
lentwelve ratingfive this is sooo addicting.can't seem to get enough of it.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is harder than the first and the mine is a blast to get through!
lentwentynine ratingfour but at least in my s3, configuring the audio to go mute & try to play while listening my music (google music player) in the background is causing a lot issues.
leneleven ratingfive both my girls and i have been enjoying the new version.
lenthree ratingfive practice, practice, practice!
lentwentyseven ratingthree game is undoubtly better n more fun.but d issue of game hanging n automatic crashing during resurecation is main issue correct it.i wil giv 5 star
lenfourteen ratingthree sometimes i can't turn, jump, or slide overall it's a good game
leneleven ratingfive love this game running on my note.the graphic is amazing.
lensixteen ratingfour its always hang up on androids. :( but i love this game :)  please fix the lag issues. :)
lenten ratingfive i love this game it is better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive and it is very fun to play!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfifteen ratingone it wont let  me play in it and i really want to play temple run 2
lenfifteen ratingfive this temple run has great quality, different features and is way better than the first.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like the rope and mine cart features and how the game is layed out.
lensix ratingfive i recommend this app to anybody.
lentwelve ratingfive this is one of the most popular endless runners in the store.
lentwentythree ratingfive the best thing about it for me, is that we can collect thousands of coins per run which makes upgrading power-ups easier.
lentwentyone ratingfive unlike other runners where upgrades cost tens of thousands of coins yet we only average a few hundred coins per run.
leneleven ratingfour needs to be looked in but still a pretty good game.
lenfour ratingfive every run is unique.
leneleven ratingthree i love the game but 9/10 times when i hit "save me"
lenfour ratingthree it freezes and closes.
lennine ratingfive great game.you can play on long car rides!
lenseven ratingfive addicting game.especially when competing against someone
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive nothing to say abt temple run its create new history
lenten ratingfour i don't like the looping around the same map.
lenseven ratingfour i think they should provide more maps.
lentwo ratingthree great game!
lenseventeen ratingthree dont like that the highscore is dependent on how much money you are willing to puts in.
lenten ratingtwo the game is too jumpy and doesn't run smoothly.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it doesn't recognize that you swiped the screen because it pauses repeatedly.
lenfourteen ratingtwo very aggravating when u can't even make the first jump because its skipping.
lenthree ratingfive nice and exciting
lenfour ratingfive totally loving this game .
lenthirteen ratingfive esp the monster, he has big contribution in making this guy run. :-d
lensix ratingfive it is much better than templerun.1
lensix ratingfive awesome game my highscore is 372 lack!
lensix ratingfive great sequel to a great game
lennine ratingfive a fantastic game with basic controls and certainly addictive.
lennine ratingfour the game is lagges but overall its very fun.
lensix ratingfive very nice, best running game evet!
lentwo ratingfive superb.awesome
lenthirteen ratingfour graphics r too good n it really thrills u.so go n  download
leneight ratingfive this is better than 1 which was already amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive i have trouble at the half road and mine but the revive jems make up for it
lenfive ratingfive keep up the awesome job!
lensixteen ratingfour awesome game, but it keeps taking my coins for upgrades when im trying to save up.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfour notably laggy with fps drop on my htc one x+.
lenfour ratingfour more laggy on "better"
lenfour ratingfour graphics mode than "best"
lenfive ratingfour which doesnt make sense either.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive game  exlent
leneighteen ratingfive thought temple run 1 was the best game .but when temple 2 released i got pissed.awesome game .superb graphics
lentwenty ratingthree the game is a lot slower when running but the different levels and the more adventures in it are cool.
lenfifteen ratingthree also when the demon monkey is after you, you can't quite see the character.
lentwentyseven ratingfour this game is better than the first temple run but i think it just needs more characters because zack wonders was my favourite in the first one
leneleven ratingfive much better than the first version and i really enjoy it
lenfour ratingfive gotta get this app
lenseven ratingfive have had a blast playing this game!
lenfour ratingfive awsum game.love it
lensix ratingthree its far better thsn temple run.
lenseven ratingthree but srill not better than subway surfers.
lenfour ratingfour cracking time wasting game.
lenfour ratingfour ideal for toilet time ;)
lenseven ratingone i can't even play the game.
leneight ratingone it won't even load on my infuse.
lenseven ratingone everything else on my phone works fine.
leneleven ratingfour the monster thing came out of no where and ate me!
lentwelve ratingfour the graphics are reall cool and there is so much going on.
lentwelve ratingfour on the downside i have to tilt my phone way too much.
lentwelve ratingone not good it keep lagging i have the xperia j fix it
lentwo ratingfive sooooooooooooo fun
lenfive ratingfive i compete with my family!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
leneight ratingtwo it keeps on crashing when i start it -_-
lenfive ratingfive cool graphics and challenging fun!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lenfourteen ratingone not able to play due to auto enabling of floating touch on my sola.
lenthree ratingone kindly solve asap!
lensix ratingfive absolutely lives up to the expectation !
leneight ratingfive love tha new temple run 2 it's awsome
lensix ratingfive great game to occupy idle time.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone keep getting an error message, please fix.
lensix ratingfive little bit hard than temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive missing my boredom.
lentwo ratingfive excellent app.
lensix ratingfive greatly improved over the previous version
lenfive ratingfive nice n. could be better .
lentwelve ratingone as the title says,i download it but it doesn't install
lensix ratingfour more complicated than the first one.
lentwo ratingfour nice features.
lentwo ratingfour cool timepass.
lenseven ratingfive better and more fun than the original!
lentwo ratingfive bravo game
lenfourteen ratingfour i really like this game, but there are a few bugs/issues i have: 1.
lenthirteen ratingfour getting a powerup while it is already active does not refresh the duration.
lenfifteen ratingfour sometimes i am tilted correctly on thin paths or single rails and just die anyway.
lennineteen ratingfour i would like to be able to see how many gems i have when using the save me feature.
lenten ratingfour the shield seems incredibly weak compared to the original game.
lenfourteen ratingfour it is not clear to me wht gains the experience needed to level up.
lennine ratingfour sometimes the sprint bugs and i cannot slow down.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i love it when it dose not lagg u gett really far but it laggs a lot but i love it what # 3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenten ratingfive big improvement on the 1st but still the same simple format
lenten ratingfive as good as or slightly better than the first edition.
lenfourteen ratingfive seems to be harder this time round but there is lots more going on.
lenthree ratingfive addictive good fun :) gn2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it.
lenfourteen ratingone i can't even open the apparently on my galaxy s2 smh piece of crap!
lenten ratingfive a lot more fun to play than the previous one
lenseventeen ratingfive this one is a thousand times better than the first one and the first one was awesome.
lenseven ratingfive truly awesome i just fkn love it
lentwelve ratingfive it is awesomeeeee, i wonder if there will be a temple run 3.
leneight ratingfive surely it can't get any better xx
lentwelve ratingfour i encountered few times that it freezes when i use save me.
leneight ratingfour and it deducted my number of gems too.
lenten ratingfour wasted all of my coins and gems when it freezes.
lenthree ratingfour loving this game.
leneight ratingfour much more fun and adventure than tempke run 1.
leneight ratingfive excellent game very addicting, can't stop playing
lensix ratingfive so cool, so is the fitst 1
lenfifteen ratingone and it wont let me get past the first screen and then just shuts off.
lenten ratingone ive uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times and still wont let me.
lentwo ratingfive terrific fun!
lenfourteen ratingfive i have not been able to run very long but it keeps me restating
lenfourteen ratingthree i love is game and it's fun but it deleted ll my prgress!
lensixteen ratingfive i play in htc explorer it was the best game i had played in my life.
lentwentyfour ratingfive great game, much better and more realistic dimension, mine cart is a welcimed new challange, who says sequels are disappointing compared to the original!
lenseven ratingfour this game is more beatter  than templerun 1
lentwenty ratingfive i like it a lot does not freeze on me it works great way better than the first 1 different to
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lenfourteen ratingone when are u guys gonna upgrade it so sidekick 4g users can finally play it?!?!
lenfour ratingone inquiring minds wanna kno.!
lenthree ratingone wuts up ppl?!
lenten ratingthree i downloaded on resurrection rom it didn't worked well.
lensix ratingthree crashed and cannot exit from setting.
lennine ratingthree i installed stock rom still not working, same bugs.
lentwelve ratingthree overall, this is a fun game, but it still has some issues.
lentwelve ratingthree sounds do not completely mute when you turn them off in settings.
lenseven ratingthree controls are less responsive than the original.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive keep up gud work guys.
lenthree ratingfive worth giving 5 rating. :-)
lenfourteen ratingthree on my s3 the game well randomly lag and not recognize swipe movements at times.
lennine ratingthree when rounding corners it jumps to the next section
leneleven ratingone i have downloaded this multiple times and it won't run!
leneleven ratingone everyone else who has tried on their phones has played fine.
leneight ratingone fix this plz! my phone is an infuse
lenfour ratingfive best game series ever.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer
lennine ratingone i can't open the game i my samsung.
lenseven ratingfive cool way to kill off your time.
lensix ratingfour really nice one .better then first
lenseven ratingfive its a really fun game to play
lensix ratingfour gameplay is a little artificial though
lentwelve ratingfive teme run 2 is so much better than the original in my opinion.
lenfifteen ratingfive the objectives actuslly give you something ti achieve rather than just playing over and over.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are awesome too!
lennine ratingone wont open up it just loads then force closes.
lenseven ratingone really want to play.please fix fast
lenfive ratingfive addictive game, netter than number 1
leneighteen ratingfive run jump.this is the way of life .all the users of android,try this at least once
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 got awesomer! :-d
lensix ratingfive it's magic :d love it
lentwo ratingfive tight yo
leneight ratingfive runs without a hitch, bump, hiccup, or stutter
lenfive ratingfive a little difficult at first.
lenfive ratingtwo headache after playing this game.
lentwo ratingtwo gonna uninstall.
leneleven ratingtwo creepy colorful graphics  and new layout is to worse than ever.
leneleven ratingtwo this also leads to illusion of jumping over plane area too.
lenthirteen ratingtwo never expected this type of second part after awesome first version of game.
lenseven ratingtwo 2nd star is just for there efforts only.
lenten ratingone it's been skipping and it takes forever to load .
lenseven ratingone and it drains your battery very fast !
lenfour ratingfive i t id joyfull
lenfive ratingfour good game but minor bugs
lenthree ratingthree addictive but complicated
lenthirtyfour ratingone i hav dwnloded it and installed and saw that whn i go back the menu opt apprs all toghtr in one space.nd whn plying the side opt shows biggr then the playing area.
lenfive ratingfive great way to pass time
lenthree ratingfive plain and simple
lensix ratingthree i love temple run, love it.
lensixteen ratingthree once some of the bugs are fixed it will be a five star game for sure.
lentwentyone ratingthree i find it runs a little choppy which causes you to die sometimes and some of the power ups glitch occasionally.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive shrut shah
lennine ratingfive i adore this game and waiting for temple run 3
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game so much fun grate graphics and is free thank u guys for this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive but please fix objectives issue it keeps on repeating at level 8
lenfive ratingfive best game ever, love it
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lenseven ratingfive gooddd new temple runn she so sexy
lennine ratingfive sommany different features and effects get the app now!
lenfour ratingfour nice graphics.little tougher
lenseven ratingfive the best game for android has arrived
lentwentysix ratingfour its working like knife on butter in world first and fastest intel powered smartphone x86 xolo x900   :(((( but no option to exit or quit game. that's why 4star :(
lenfour ratingfour templerun 1 is still better.
leneleven ratingfour i did not like the removing of sensitivity button in settings.
lentwo ratingfive great times
lenfive ratingfive really funn i love it
lenthree ratingfive great five stars!
lentwentyfour ratingthree the game constantly freezes and lags when i turn corners and i end up dying from it, very frustrating when you are completing challenges.
lentwentysix ratingtwo even with full bars it still.lags and makes me die, miss half the coins i'm trying to get, or it just exits out instantly
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is an amazing step up from the original, especially in terms of graphics.
lentwelve ratingfour my only gripe is that similar powerups do not refresh each other.
lentwo ratingfive siraaaa ji
lenseven ratingfour closes sometimes when using the green diamond !
lensixteen ratingthree this app force closes a lot, especially everytime i try to use the save me feature.
lenfive ratingfive really nice and addictive game.
lentwo ratingfive exciting graphics.
lenseven ratingfive make temple run 3 with a multiplayer stage
lenfive ratingfive its just an awesome game
leneight ratingfour best game with additional looks.i like it
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun.
lenfiftyseven ratingone the game is running on the phone but the icons and the game itself cant fit to the screen of the phone.i.e icons are very large and cover almost half the area of the screen and only a small area can be viewed while playing.the game is not optimized for low resolution screen phones.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive great sequel!
lenseven ratingfive love it, i can't stop platino.
lenseven ratingfive more challenging from previous version.excellent game
lensix ratingtwo overall i do like the game.
lensixteen ratingtwo the glitches, even at lowest video quality, however, can mess up a run in an instant.
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo i also paid for the double coin and while my money has been taken, the feature has not been applied, which is frustrating and a huge issue if others are having the same thing happen to them.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfour exciting game!
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenseventeen ratingfive this one is much better than the first one but it could have a few more characters.
lentwo ratingfive goooooood gam
lentwo ratingfive better style.
lenfour ratingfive wooooww.the killer game.
leneleven ratingfive objective 500'000 life time coin  comes twice so that reaching 9th level delaying
lentwelve ratingfour plays pretty fluid and is a very nice adaption to the original.
lenfour ratingfive game is just mindblowing.
lentwo ratingfive fresh look.
lenfour ratingfive thanks to the developers.
lenten ratingfive and it's a app makes an smartphone ultra smartphone. :)
lenseven ratingtwo graphics are nice but lags like crazy.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo and won't let me walk on edges unless phone is turn side ways, doesn't always read my jump or turn
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfifteen ratingthree the tilt controls aren't sensitive enough and there's no way to change them.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive only thong to me is the upgrades are to expensive
lentwo ratingfive pure fun.
lennine ratingfive very addictive its much better than the 1st temple run
lenfour ratingfour good graphics, add sensitivity!
lenten ratingfive this is a great game camt get enough of it
lentwentysix ratingfive i love both of temple runs but the second one is thrilling and beautiful with the new graphics, good job guys, keep up the good work
leneleven ratingfive it's great fun and a big improvement on temple run 1.
lenseventeen ratingone i was really looking foward to playing this but it tottaly freezes up at the first screen.
leneight ratingone uninstalled and reinstalled many times to no avail.
lenfive ratingone im on a dell streak 5.
lenten ratingone any help from people or devs would be very helpful!
lentwelve ratingfour i didn't like the forst ome but this one i enjoy
lensix ratingfive so easy and fun to play!
lenfive ratingfive 10,000,000 times better than temple run.
leneight ratingthree u cud make the special powers last longer
lenthree ratingfive need practice first
lennineteen ratingfive it's like a completely different game to the first one but there both as good as one another
lenfive ratingfive graphics better and more challenging!
leneleven ratingfour much bttr than the first, if you have what it takes !
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfour excellent game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfour awesome graphics and absolutely loving the new power ups and abilities.
lentwentynine ratingfour the only issue is the same power ups don't stack (like a magnet picked up while you are using a magnet, the second one doesn't take effect).
lensix ratingfour still in love with the game.
lenten ratingfive im totally in love with temple run 2.cant wait for 3?
lensixteen ratingfive i am using lg-optimus working good and smoot sensitiveness to be increased i give 5  star
lennine ratingfive i have a samsung galaxy 2, and it works perfect!
lenseven ratingfive love it, much better than the 1st one.
lensix ratingfive bombastic but it should have multiplayer
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awsome
lenten ratingfive love it i can't stop playing it so addicting! !
lensix ratingfour its nice but getting crashed inbetween
lenfifteen ratingfive it never freezes like the first one and it's much more of a challenge.
lenfive ratingfive waiting for temple run iii
lentwelve ratingtwo cheap motion and he turns so fast compare to previous temple run!
lentwo ratingfive ihts fun
lenseven ratingthree needs to be able to adjust sensitivity.
lenfifteen ratingthree the graphics are fantastic but its just not as smooth as the first temple run.
lennine ratingfour it's great but one thing, it's laggy.
lenten ratingfour it's not my phone and it had dual core.
lenfourteen ratingfour but it's weird that it's not laggy on my sister's itouch
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive all the new features and graphics are great!
lenseven ratingfive it's very challenging without being impossible!
lentwo ratingfive totally addictive
lentwentyone ratingfive i think its better than the old one because u get to do lots more in this one but thumbs up :-)
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best on tablets!
lenfive ratingfive great work put into this.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1.
lenfourteen ratingfour way better than the other temple run but i could be a little better :)
lenthree ratingfive fabulous better then 1!
lenseven ratingfour nice game.different from the first version.
leneight ratingfour it is smoother compared to the prev part.
lentwentyone ratingfive i live temple run 2 its soo much better than the first ine if you don't have it download it asap
leneight ratingfive a great game to play for any time.
lenfifteen ratingfive an excellent time waster that is gonna bring you back to beat your previous score.
lenten ratingfive its an amazing game thats all i have to say
lenfifteen ratingfive i freaking love this game but theres some bugs that need fixed other wise everyone.
lenfour ratingfive this game's beast !
lennineteen ratingthree i was playing the game for several days and now it force closes the second i click on it
lenthirtythree ratingfour beautiful graphics and same excellent gameplay edit: there's a glitch in which whenever i jump near a ledge i'm sent to a side in a crazy manner and end up dying.
lennine ratingfive it's great, it has more things to do.
lenfourteen ratingfive but it still has the same temple run except the animation is more detailed.
lenseven ratingone it will not download on my phone.
lenfive ratingone i have tried multiple times
lenten ratingfive lots of fun and a nice way to kill time
lensix ratingfive fun, enjoyable, and without crappy ads. <3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lensixteen ratingfour it's really good but it delays a little and that annoying.overall i like it!
lenten ratingfour the game runs great on my s2 and looks even better.
lenfour ratingfour great time destroyer lol
lenfour ratingfive this app is amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive it just is alittle hard to control with the tilting on the ziplines and coal mine carts.
leneleven ratingfive it is a very attracrive game & best game i ever seen.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingthree if you liked the first, this is a more polished updated version.
leneleven ratingthree though i have hit a glitch with the last objective "circumnavigatior"
lensix ratingthree it appeared twice on my list.
lennine ratingthree after finishing it, it only cleared one of them.
lenfourteen ratingthree now i have two objectives for earn a million coins, and a frozen circumnavigation.
lenfifteen ratingthree there is a glitch with the 1 gem cost on single run power ups costing 2 gems.
lensix ratingfive and addictive a great mobile game
lentwo ratingfive update 2 nise
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are fantastic.
lenfive ratingfive working fine on my phone.
lennine ratingfive excellent improvements from the original, really enjoy this game.
lenthirteen ratingone i tried downloading and installing it but it says pachage file is invalid!
lenseven ratingone please someone assist i really want it
lenseventeen ratingfive just love the game scoring is a bit tougher than in temple run 1 but graphics are epic.
lenthree ratingfive wow.nice game
lenfour ratingfour lags on samsung galaxy s3.
lenfive ratingfour can be frustrating at times.
lentwo ratingfour hve fun.
lentwentyone ratingtwo it keeps on crashing when i start it -_- i think the first one is way better this one fails at start
lenseven ratingfive awsome and much better then old one.
leneleven ratingfive ove it so much better than first one hard buy fun :)
leneighteen ratingone i can't even get past my first move, and rarely score above 3k because the lag is ridiculous.
lenthirty ratingone if i do happen to get past the first few seconds of the game, i get a ridiculous fast and then super laggy mode of the game on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingone barely any of my moves are bring detected or are detected too late!
lennineteen ratingone i love the graphics but graphics don't make a game and this is shown in this glitchy application.
lenfour ratingone error occuring whilecits downloaded
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with amazing graphics.
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it.
lenfifteen ratingfive way less laggy than temple run and i like the ziplines and other new things.
lenthree ratingfour laggy sometimes, spectrum 2
lenfour ratingfive nice game.amazing graphics
lenseventeen ratingthree great game.found a serious bug coins get automatically deducted every time i checkout the abilities section.
lenseven ratingthree please fix it.thanks -a loyal fan
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive ima so addicted to this game.
lennineteen ratingthree it is a great game but it lags often regardless of how many apps are running in the background.
lenthirtyeight ratingone ok so i play this game on my tablet problem is i can't colect that many coins because my character is stuck running on the left side unless i flip my tablet to the side fix it
lensixteen ratingfive i was hooked to then first temple run and now im even more addicted to this!
lenfive ratingfive love the improvements, looks stunning :)
leneight ratingfive this is really addicting, distracts me from working!
lennineteen ratingfive only suggestion i would make is being able to save your progress when you have to pause  the game
leneleven ratingfour temple run 2 is good but the powerup - score bonus dosnt work :(
lenfive ratingfive addictive game loving it imangi
leneight ratingone temple couldnt be downloaded due to an error (498)?
lentwo ratingone galaxy tab .
lenfive ratingfive superb game , nice animation tooo.
lenfour ratingfive but missing some effects.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingfour great game but i sometimes run over the edge when i am boosting on a rope.
leneight ratingfive a great updated version on the original game.
lentwentythree ratingfour awesome game,too many glitches during the game causing character to pause off and on lose momentum and die often because of this
lenthirteen ratingfive its really great and with new graphics its cool to play temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive the same method of game but it is like playing in pandora .
lentwo ratingfive (avathar planet )
lentwelve ratingthree i love the dynamics of the play with all the new changes.
lennineteen ratingthree however, many power up are placed in spots where they are impossible to get without running into something else.
lenseventeen ratingthree i also flew off the zip line right into the abyss cause i was going pretty fast.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive if this looks so awesome, i wonder how the 3rd game will be :d
lensixteen ratingfive ilove this game.was in love wit the 1st one this new upgrade is even more addict =) .
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentythree ratingthree it sometimes hang, no sensitivity increase or decrease option like temple run 1, first part is much better, it needs a lot of improvement.
leneleven ratingfive they added so much to it and the visuals are incredible.
lenfour ratingfive such a great game
lenfifteen ratingfive but its sometime dissy to play it coz of the moving camera above the character.
leneight ratingfive other then that its still fun and challenging
lenfour ratingfour its great but slow
lensixteen ratingtwo i bought 50k gold via in-game store and i didn't receive the gold for it.
lentwelve ratingtwo it's a good game but i didn't get my gold.
leneleven ratingtwo still took it out of my account and its been 24 hours.
lennine ratingfive one word fun but there are a few glitches .
leneight ratingone thats is the worst games ever #yolo #swag
lennineteen ratingtwo the controls are very hard to use you have to struggle with it to get your avatar to move.
lenfive ratingtwo i prefer temple run 1 not 2.
lennine ratingfive the first one was great, this one is better.
leneight ratingfour it needs to respond better with device movements.
lenfour ratingfive great gameplay, awesome graphics.
lenfive ratingfive looks amazing at best graphics!
lentwo ratingfive kudos imangi!
lensix ratingfive very good game hope they make 3
lenfive ratingfive im sooo addicted to it
lentwenty ratingtwo this game is really fun but my coins aren't going up its been the same for the last 10 games :(
lensix ratingfive awsome game totally should get it
lentwelve ratingfive i like the temple run 1 & i like the temple run 2 as well :-)
lenthree ratingfive ek number hai.
lentwo ratingfive yo yo !
lennine ratingfive great game, so much better than the first one
lensixteen ratingone why is the monkey so big when they are following u, u cant see anythig ahead.
lenfive ratingone older temple run way better
lensix ratingfive i like it alot great features
lentwo ratingfour cool game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive just one to many glitches in it gotta work on getting those out
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and hurdles.
leneight ratingfive objectives are also tough and difficult to finish.
lenfive ratingfive the gems concept is amazing.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely amazing!
lentwentytwo ratingthree scenery and added obstacles make for a more challenging objective, however, the game play just isn't as smooth as the original.
lentwentyfive ratingthree for instance as the road curves and changes i constantly find myself being moved back to the middle of the road without my doing so.
lentwentyseven ratingthree the jumping also lags and its as if a lot of the movements happen in slow motion making it difficult to secure power ups or avoid obstacles.
leneighteen ratingthree would be 5 stars if it didnt freeze and quit almost every other time i click on save me
lenfour ratingfive its a cool.game
leneight ratingfive with temple run 1 it usedto lag a lot!
lenthirteen ratingfive but with temple run 2 on my htc desire c it run trrmedously smooth!
lenfour ratingfive thank you imangi studios!
lenten ratingthree alright i liked it but i don't the cart
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is the best one on my phone very cool and lot of fun you will like it the most
lentwentythree ratingfour not sure if it is a galaxy nexus issue, but having this off center problem even when phone is laid flat on surface.
lensix ratingfour happens since the first temple run
lenten ratingfive fun but so freakin hard its a must play game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive yeah like i said best cell phone game ever made.
lenten ratingone and it says only 1 gem to upgrade but keeps taking 2.
lentwentyfive ratingone i wany my gems back and i wont give a better rating until u explain the powerup system in full before i waste anymore gems.
lenten ratingfive this game is awsome way better then the first game
lentwo ratingfive super fun
leneight ratingfive definately fun nice changes from the last game.
lentwelve ratingone slow to react doesnt always turn and wont slide to avoid ledges
lenten ratingfive games livo , kina hrd doe but that makes it more fun
lenthirtyeight ratingone may be its a nice game.but i am not feeling the joy in playing it.as it stucking or hanging wat ever horribly.plz fix this and try to make it work fine in htc desire c
lenthree ratingfour loved it playing.
lenfour ratingfive this game is fun.  .
leneight ratingthree keeps crashing when i try to "save me"
lensix ratingthree very annoying especially with high scores.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game n graphics!
leneleven ratingfive temple run awesome n now dis is even more dan awesome! ;-)
lensix ratingfive a way better then other app
lenfourteen ratingfour really easy to waste time and its has more of a challenge than tr
lenseven ratingtwo unfortunately a step in the wrong direction.
lensix ratingtwo graphics better in this sequel : yes.
lenthree ratingtwo gameplay/playability : no
lentwenty ratingfive i thought it would be rubbish and glitchy like the first but i was surprised to find everything was perfect!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive recommend it to pass the time. ;)
lensixteen ratingfour i have got to lvl5 but i couldn't unlock the second ability and used "save me"
leneleven ratingfour the third time will cause a lag and exit the game!
lentwelve ratingfive amazing addictive game like the first one with really really good graphics.
leneleven ratingone im using a motorola triumph it doesnt even load the game
lensix ratingfive it is ausome l love it
lentwentyfive ratingfive only observation, the tilting could be more sensitive, i feel like i have to hard-turn my mobile to avoid falling in a chasm! :-p
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenfive ratingfive lovley game good new game
lensix ratingfive much better and smoother then temple  run1
lenfour ratingfive love it like hell!
lentwelve ratingone loved first,loved this until ll of my data was randomly wiped.
lenten ratingthree great game and a good upgrade from the first one.
leneight ratingthree but very buggy and it kills the character.
lenfour ratingthree needs some lag fixes.
lenfive ratingfive work production has gone down.
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
lenseven ratingfive it keeps you alert all the time.
lenfive ratingfive different environment but very exciting.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first game
lenfive ratingfour great update to temple run
lenfour ratingfour nice graphics.good quality
lenfour ratingtwo game is great fun.
lenfifteen ratingtwo would be better if it didn't freeze when you press save me so often.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneight ratingfive its an excellent game,and note.extremely addictive
lenfifteen ratingone everytime i try to play it kicks me out doesn't even try to load!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennine ratingfive a giant leap in graphics n style from original
lensixteen ratingfive i think it is much better but would be much greater if there was a temple run3
lenfourteen ratingfive i didn't think i would enjoy this game but boy was i wrong.
lenthree ratingfive fabulous time waster!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive great game you should try one to
lennine ratingthree i've been enjoying this game, making good progress.
lenfourteen ratingthree then the game took a big data dump and lost my 4 levels of progress.
lentwenty ratingthree i haven't been able to get back into playing the game knowing i have to redo all those achievements.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo this is not as good as i expected upon seeing it: the graphics are glitchy; the gameplay doesn't flow as well as the original game; and it continuously crashed my phone (xperia p).
leneighteen ratingtwo a good idea, could've been developed better, but more a desperate attempt to re-enter the market.
lenfour ratingtwo stick to the original.
lentwelve ratingfour it's a really fun game, especially compared to temple run one.
lentwentytwo ratingone would really like to play but freezes after tutorial every time and it also freezes if i try to turn tutorial off.
lenthirteen ratingfive i hated the first but the this  is like a whole new game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingone doesn't work opens shows the imanga screen the closes rubbish
lensix ratingfive love the improved graphics - more 3 d
lenseven ratingfive plays well on mah htc one v
lenfifteen ratingfive those of us addicted to temple run 2 have helped the game reach a new record.
lenthirtyone ratingfive in just 13 days, temple run 2 has been downloaded more than 50 million times by ios, android, and kindle users, developer imangi studios said yesterday, making it the fastest growing mobile game ever.
leneight ratingfour i enjoy this game so is very good.
lenthree ratingfive great game yo!
lensix ratingfive get it its fun and free
leneight ratingone glitches when on track, cart falls off randomly.
lennine ratingfour new add-ons make this a worthy successor! -sgsii
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics n smooth performance
leneleven ratingfive i love it harder than 1 great graphics you have to get!
lenfour ratingthree the game is alright.
lenthree ratingthree i love 1 better.
leneighteen ratingthree but being able to reach the end to finish levels would make it a bit more user friendly.
lentwo ratingfive woop woop
lenthirtyseven ratingfour it's very fun and i love how it  has great graphics and i love how you get to go in the minecart, the only problem is it keeps on force closing when i go past 750 metres.
leneight ratingfive this game is excellent, very fun and addictive.
lenthirtysix ratingfive one bug i found is that if you are using boost when you go onto a zip wire, when you come off it you are still going the boost speed, even if it's run out.
lenten ratingfive this makes if almost impossible to survive for much longer.
lenthree ratingtwo game runs great.
lensixteen ratingtwo big money issue problem when i get close to 2500 coins it drops me to 500 or so.
lenfour ratingtwo coins seem to disappear.
lensix ratingtwo until issue is fixed low rating
lenthree ratingfour solid time pas
lenthirtynine ratingthree its not working in small resolution screen the pictures are overlaping each other to have full fun must have more than 4inch screen or android version4.0 by the way good graphics than before and also working smoothly please reapair the problem.
lensixteen ratingfour first one much better i have the htc 1s so maybe just my fone but ok game
lennine ratingfour the missions get stuck at level 8 rectify it asap!
lensixteen ratingfive all great but needs to be connected to facebook to compete with other friends' top scores.
lenthirteen ratingone tr1 was so good but this one has more problems than i have fingers.
lentwelve ratingone i mean i was actually in pain when i constantly encountered problems!
lenthree ratingfive this games fontastic
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
leneleven ratingfive my kids are obsessed with this game and temple run part 1.
lentwelve ratingfive only downfall is that it pauses sometimes and can mess you up.
lenthree ratingfive love it anyway!
lenfour ratingone tapping doesn't jump.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfive i loved the original game and adore this new one!
lenseven ratingone crashes when i use a "save me"
lenfifteen ratingone i don't get the coins for that run, and it also takes the gem.
lenfour ratingfive i like the game .
lenfour ratingtwo the graphics are great.
lentwelve ratingtwo but just like in temple run 1, there's a horrible frame freeze.
lennineteen ratingtwo where you could be trying to turn and it doesn't read it and throws you off the edge.
lenten ratingtwo its really annoying and always does it every single game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i can't play games that do that so i don't like this.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo but i refuse to even get above 2 stars because they don't fix that lag that messes up my game and point system going on. :/
lentwo ratingthree huge lag.
lentwentythree ratingfive the game is just as addictive feel as the original, but the game has a tendancy to crash when using a save me.
lennineteen ratingfive other than that it's great and the added tweaks make it a worthy successor to the original game.
lennine ratingone always freezes when i am playing:@ sort it out.
leneight ratingone doesn't let me play needs a upgrade
lenfourteen ratingone no giant ape behind me and then it just tackles you for no reason.
lennine ratingone plus what the hell is wrong with you morons!?
lenten ratingone i've seen ten reviews that say "game is unplayable"
lenfourteen ratingone free or not this game sucks and all you morons playing it are retarded.
lentwenty ratingone it just goes to show how the more people there are doing something the dumber they are as a whole.
lennine ratingfive its great i can't wait for temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game!
lentwentysix ratingfour i loved the first game and the second one but for me temple run one was the best but number 2 was still really good but addictive!
lentwentynine ratingone i paid for coins and never received the mabout 2 weeks ago sent them an email n no-one has gotten back to me so basically they stole my money
lenseven ratingfive so addicting, my favourite game by far!
lenfifteen ratingfour real fun game and time killing but there's one thing i don't like.
lensix ratingfour the way you go thru objectives.
lenfive ratingfour i ran 12000m completed a lot.
lentwelve ratingfour but since they weren't on the line didn't really count.
leneight ratingfour other than that it's a great game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive great game much better than  the 1st one
lentwo ratingfive great graphics, 3d!
lenfive ratingfive obsticals u could never imagine!
lenfour ratingfive thank u imangi studios!
lenfifteen ratingthree there's a lag on my phone when i play temple run , or temple run 2.
lenseventeen ratingthree i dont know if it's because i need more memory or if its the game itself.
lentwentyseven ratingfive i had 2,000 when i first started playing , i would have 4,000 all together but my coins keep going down by 1,000 in my stats it says i collected 14,241 coins.
lenfourteen ratingfour my my previous game was mysteriously deleted and i had to start bck over.
lentwelve ratingfour wasnt that big of a deal though and its a fun game.
lensixteen ratingfour i have the lg venice and the touch controls for turning and jumping feels delayed sometimes.
lensix ratingfour hope there is a temple run 3
lennine ratingfive the best coolest game ever in temple run  history
lenseven ratingfive great for wasting a lot of time
lenthree ratingfive awesome great game
lenseven ratingfive really fun to play.i love it! :)
lenseventeen ratingfive this game rocks the giant money demon is a lot more motivational than the three small ones.
leneight ratingone force close every time i open this game
lennineteen ratingtwo on galaxy s2, even at low res with no other process es running, it had slight pauses as textures load.
lenfour ratingtwo this causes timing issues.
leneight ratingone i fall off a cliff every freakin time.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive very good game .fun to play for hours.
lensix ratingfive keeps you coming back for more.
lenthree ratingfive freaking awesome game!
lenseventeen ratingfive absolutely amazing i just want to keep playing all day :)  cant wait until temple run 3 comes out!
lentwo ratingfive kool game
lentwentyeight ratingfour i hate that if you use a power up magnet and then pick up a magnet off the floor it doesn't renew the time for the magnet
leneight ratingfive please download this you will not regret it!
lenfour ratingfive suberb graphics.nice one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfive it is way better than the first one just because u hav objectives to reach.
lenten ratingfour follow,me on twitter @cool_ass_vantw ill follow bck
lentwo ratingfour rate time
lenfour ratingfive this game is beast
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive defo better than the 1st temple run :)
lenfour ratingfive love it better than.
leneleven ratingfour there are some parts of this game the freeze on me.
lenfifteen ratingfour i really love the game but it is hard to play when it starts freezing
lentwelve ratingfive cool graphics and lots of new challenges.itz runnaway hit.of cource 5******
lensix ratingfive brilliant, much better than the first
lenfourteen ratingone everyone says this is a great game but i can't even open it.
lenfive ratingone what a waste of time.
lenfive ratingfive this game is freaking awesome
leneleven ratingfive i'm amazed such a game can be on a phone
lennine ratingthree it's a really fun game, i love it.
leneighteen ratingthree but i'm having problems with it lagging on my galaxy s3 which makes it extremely difficult to play.
lenthirteen ratingone it sucks because it does not let me play thanks a lot ipod
lenten ratingfive fantasic, u should download it but the game is hard
leneight ratingfive temple run two is better than previous version.
lensix ratingfive great improvements from the first game.
lenfive ratingfive definite must-have time killer.
lensixteen ratingfour i like it its fun but i think that thair is something that you can fix
lenthirteen ratingfive if you loved the first one you will never put this one down.
lenthree ratingthree hard to tilt
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive the complete tample run .
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet!
lenfive ratingfive good game love it xd
lensix ratingfive love the game, its so addictive.
lenseven ratingfive just wish i was better at it
lenfour ratingfour this game is amazing .
lenfourteen ratingfour it doesnt get frozen but i like the theme more on the first one .
lenseventeen ratingtwo freezes a lot on my phone, so jumps and turns often come late and make me lose.
lenfive ratingtwo please fix, is unplayable otherwise.
lentwentytwo ratingone cant even download it.but i played it on another phone and i love it.please fix i really want this game
lentwelve ratingfive it doesnt freeze like the 1st time i've downloaded the 1st temple run.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is the best game but i can't get my tablet to download it
lenfive ratingfive this is an great game!
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 1 was exciting but it kept freezing up and draining by battery!
lennine ratingfive this new temple run 2 is great !l love it!
lenseven ratingfour game is excellent and very d good
lentwentytwo ratingfive awsum.game.way better than temple run 1.though it was also good.anyways.temple run 2 rocks.and lets meet at the temple.
leneighteen ratingthree it's good but way to slow for me on htc could you make it faster at all?
lennineteen ratingfive it's a cool app, an awesome game, like it and i'll be waiting for temple run 3 :d
lenseven ratingfive really a step up from the original
lenseven ratingfive love this so much better than original:)
lenfour ratingfive good game love it
lentwenty ratingfive world class game i didn't seen in life thanks for give us chance to play these kind of games
lenseventeen ratingtwo i purchased all updates and they got erased some how because of this i give it 2 stars .
lenseven ratingfive very slow on my droid 2 update please
leneight ratingtwo good game however lags and graphics turn black.
lentwelve ratingone i was very displeased with the lack of logic in this game.
lentwentythree ratingone obviously, no one in there right mind would go to a place where citizens were drived out of their town by king kong.
leneleven ratingone please read a book or something because your logic is terrible.
lennine ratingfive temple run is awesome and part 2 is really brilliant.
lenthree ratingfive high quality graphics.
lenfive ratingfive its a good pass time
leneight ratingone the game doesnt work in  my phone samsung.
leneight ratingone the phobe vibrate 3 times and the game quit
lentwo ratingone gooby pls
leneight ratingfive can't wait to try it on android!
lentwenty ratingfive didn't think they could have done it but they pulled it off.its better than the original.bravo imangi !
lenseven ratingfive awesome, waaayy better then the first one!
lennine ratingfour not a bad game, to me its quite addicting.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenthree ratingfour fun games easy.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfive the person that made temple run 2 is so cleaver!
lensix ratingfive good better graphics then temple run
lensix ratingfive a few gliches but its ahhsome
lenfive ratingfive passes all that free time
lentwo ratingfive bah ba.
lentwo ratingfive sooo grate
lenfourteen ratingfour it's a great game but there are thousands of similar games out there.
leneleven ratingfour five stars for gameplay and graphics, minus one star for unoriginality.
lenthree ratingfour my "low battery"
lenthree ratingfour notification killed me!
leneleven ratingfour the game should automatically pause after that.still a fun game.
lenfour ratingfive great game and graphics
lenthirty ratingfour i would give it a 5 but there are a few glitches that needs to be fixed; sometimes it takes too long to load and has force closed a couple times.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game!
lennine ratingfive i like to play it when i'm relaxing
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run
lentwo ratingfive simply brilliant
lensix ratingfive get this game, tis the sheiit.
leneight ratingfive soooooooooo much better and fun than the first.
lensix ratingfive really smooth and responsive on galaxy s2.
lenfifteen ratingfive friends with ipads seem slightly glitchy and not so  smooth ( ha ha ) totally  whipping them ! !
lennine ratingfour need some tweaks, but overall better than its predecessor
lentwelve ratingone i downloaded it and tried to open would load screen then foreclose.
lenseven ratingfour it's fun and stuff, i guess.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive relaxing, really relaxing
lentwelve ratingfive it new version is excellent i enjoy to play in new feature
lenten ratingfive i didn't really like that but this is better.
leneleven ratingfive this game is alot better than the first temple run, overall.
leneighteen ratingfive the graphics are improved, the game runs a lot smoother, and there is a lot more game content.
leneleven ratingfive this game is really fun and entertaining, would recommend to anyone.!
lentwenty ratingfive i love this game because it has better features and a bigger monkey thing so don't get caught:dlol
leneight ratingfive great game to play to kill some time.
lennineteen ratingfive i really love this game but it would be awesome if they made an ending  could you do this?
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is alot more graphic n  i love itt
lenfive ratingfive what a great time waster
lentwelve ratingfive so much better than the first one, love the new animation backgrounds.
lenfourteen ratingfive they improved since the first temple run to deliver an addictive, fast paced game.
lenten ratingfive with cool new obstacles and even a mine kart section.
lenfive ratingfive this game awesome.great features.
lenten ratingthree love the game but dealing with the glitches is annyoning.
leneight ratingthree once fixed it will be a lot better
leneighteen ratingfive i start playing this intending to kill a few minutes, next thing i know an hour has passed.
lennine ratingfive love the new game play, especially the mine carts.
leneight ratingfive i love this game and it gets adicted
lensix ratingfive a bit laggy but fun overall!
lenseven ratingone it keep force closing on galaxy s 4g!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingone u suck temple run pooo
lentwenty ratingfour it's pretty good because exploring a different track is good and more effects is amazing by alanis bateman xxxx
lensix ratingfive im addicted i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseventeen ratingone i'd give it a 5 if it didn't lag every 2 seconds, it crashed my phone twice.
lensix ratingfive wayy better than 1 cant wait for 3!
lenthree ratingthree lag lag lag
lensix ratingfive so much better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive soo cool
lenthree ratingfive fun but hard
lenfour ratingfive grinding already, what fun!
lenseven ratingfive i like the new updated running track.
lenfour ratingfive this game is  awsome
lentwentyseven ratingtwo not good in xperia phones as it will freeze and start chipping every few games and wont stop untill you turn the phone on and off again.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.!
leneight ratingfive i didn't like the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive i'm addicted to temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive i'm determined, hahaha.
lensix ratingfive great game, lags horribly at times.
leneight ratingthree tilting my phone does not move the character.
lenthirteen ratingthree he is stuck running in a single lane please fix the glitch immediately.
lentwelve ratingthree impossible to play. :-/ abilities are being upgraded properly but powerups are not.
lenfive ratingthree also the cost is misprint.
lensix ratingfive love it!it's so addictive!
lenthree ratingfive awesome big improvement!.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game it is better than temple run the first one it rocks
leneight ratingfive it jerks my soul.and i like it.
leneleven ratingfive it fun and very addicting i cant stop playing it :) :p
lenten ratingtwo there is an annoying bug that makes gameplay a hassle.
lenten ratingtwo money just dissapears, you go from 8000 coins down to 1400 randomly.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's best game ever its like a drug that make u go addictive
lenfour ratingfive this game is addictive.
leneleven ratingfive so much better than the original and the graphics are awesome.
lennine ratingfive great game awesome features great game love it.recommend
leneleven ratingone bought 50,000 this morning and still hasnt showed up, dont use store
lenseven ratingfive superb gameplay, excellent graphics, n fun filled.
leneight ratingfive only issue is there is no exit button.
lenten ratingfive looks like imangi dont want us to quit the game.
lensix ratingfive much better graphics than the first!
lensix ratingfive a more interesting and varied gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive this is a great time killer game
lenthree ratingfive super cool.game!
lenfour ratingfive great graphics, exelent "map"
lennineteen ratingfour realy ths vrsn z mch mr imprvd in trms f grphcs n all.only da pwrs could hv bttr.
lenfour ratingfive awesome, awesome awesome awesome
lenfifteen ratingfive best game ever graphic r great and i love how its more of a challenge
lenthree ratingfive its super fun!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run!
lenfortysix ratingfive i love it so much its way better den de first hope temple run 3 well be even more fun :) its a class game :) who ever dose not like it well there must be somthing wrong wit ya :) i would give dis game 10000000000000+ its a great game :)
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lennine ratingone i paid for the coins, didnt recieve my stuff.
lentwentyfour ratingthree its good but some obstacles occur far too soon upon turning a corner, leaving you with absolutley no time to respond, even before 1500 metres.
lentwentyfour ratingthree it's quite annoying to be honest, and i can't be bothered to play it because of that :/ hoping that gets fixed soon.
lensixteen ratingthree also, gyro is not responsive enough (apologies if it's possible to adjust that in settings).
lenseven ratingthree will try again at a later date.
lensix ratingfive better dan da first temple run
lentwelve ratingone everytime i try to play it pops up and then it closes
lenten ratingfive i think this is an amazing game, with amazing grafics.
lenseven ratingfive i didnt think anything could beat the 1st.
lentwenty ratingfive i like the way that the boss demo crazy monkey is a good a game to download  and play it.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game so much that its better than temple run
lenfourteen ratingfive strasznie wci?gaj?ca gra, dobrze dobrana trudno?, ani za ?atwe ani za trudne.
lennine ratingtwo it was fun the first 3 times it actually loaded.
lenseven ratingfive way better then the first temple run
lentwentythree ratingfour game plays well, better than original however, new game needs more colors since most things looks yellow making game play confusing at times
lenfourteen ratingfive this is really a fun game my friends and i take turns playing it
lentwo ratingfive amazing game :-)
lenfortyone ratingfour this is a very good game compared to the first temple run as it includes a completely different setting as well as the challenge of being in a cart in a gold mine! :d i would definitely recommend this to friends!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lennine ratingfive really good  game love it but 1st one is better
lensix ratingfive love the game but supa hard
lenfive ratingfive great game, better than part 1
lenforty ratingone i've been stuck on level 5 for a while now - not because i'm not finishing any objectives, but because every time i close and reopen the game, it resets me to some point earlier than my most recent objectives.
lenfifteen ratingone i lost 15 gems and have now had to go through the stupid "1000m collecting no coins"
lenthree ratingone crap 4 times now.
lenfive ratingone ugh droid bionic running ics
lenseven ratingfour awesome game but takes forever to download
lenthree ratingfour gud wrk team . <3
lenfifteen ratingtwo every time i use a double save the game freezes and i lose my score.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i have lost 6 gems due to this and keep having to force close.
lenthree ratingfive amazing and outstanding!
lennine ratingfive its really sucky i hate my life so much
lenfifteen ratingone i love the game but its very glitch and so it messes the game up :/
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run didn't work fine but this version2 is awesome works perfect without any glitch
lenthree ratingfour needs more accuritcey
lentwentythree ratingthree much like the first game this one is good for killing time waiting for people to make a move in words with friends.
leneight ratingthree unfortunately the controls are really buggy and unreliable.
leneight ratingthree often my swipes and tilts don't register.
lenseven ratingthree sometimes i hit obstacles and nothing happens.
lenfour ratingthree very frustrating at times.
lentwenty ratingfour i think temple run 2 is a really fun game , it is all full of adventure.you should buy this game.
lenfive ratingfive that is a cool game
lennine ratingfive even better than the first race for the idol
lenthree ratingone the game crashes.
lenthirteen ratingone the old temple run didn't crash and no other game has either.
leneight ratingfive great gsraphics n detailed world.a must have
lennine ratingfive a tad bit challenging but a fairly decent game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i think this is a fun game screw the first temple run diwnload the second
leneighteen ratingone l love this game and i downluad it but it dosnt open can some one pls help me
lenfifteen ratingfive love it but game pkay cud do with bein a bit faster like first one
lenthree ratingfive a definite upgrade.
leneleven ratingfive nice and beautiful scenery makes a nicer feel to the game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!#
lenseven ratingfour very nice games , did crash some times
lentwo ratingfive want play
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingfive i love this app, i constantly play it!
lenfourteen ratingfive it is a little confusing at first but it gets very easy later on!
lenthree ratingfive fantastic time killer
lenthree ratingfive truly adictive game!
lenfour ratingfive i love playing this.
lensix ratingfive its awesome im addicted to it
leneight ratingthree pretty good game to pass time away with
lenfive ratingfive best game on play store
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game i'm a pro i love this games
lenseven ratingfour its doesnt work on my lg thrill!
lenthirteen ratingfour can be slow at times but a great upgrade to the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive great game. :)  and there is nothing else to say, its just awesome
lenfifteen ratingfive the best game ever if you poker the first one you'll love thos game!
lenfour ratingfive good like amazingly fun.!
leneight ratingfive best game on my phone its bloody marvellous.
lenten ratingone i've been addicted to temple run for a while.
lennine ratingone so, i was super stoked to see a sequel.
lennine ratingone my only complaint is that it forces closed sometimes.
lenten ratingone fix and i will gladly change my rating to 5 stars.
lenseven ratingone *edit* i changed my rating to 1 star.
lenseven ratingone this force closing issue is absolutely ridiculous.
lennine ratingfive i like it so much better than the first!
lennine ratingfive awesome game but stopped starting.please fix bugs asasp
leneight ratingfive so good to play when bord at work!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive great game doesnt lag or crash
lenfive ratingfive best game ever super addictive
lenfortythree ratingthree problems with: -every so often, when i use a "save me", the app crashes and loses all progress in that run -the objectives are not accurate, in that i had two of the exact same objectives to complete which were getting 1million lifetime meters.
lenfortyseven ratingthree i've just recently got over 1million lifetime meters, but only one of the exactly identical objectives were checked as complete and the other was not even a quarter of the way towards being completed -please fix asap so that temple run remains the top app it is
lenten ratingfive brilliant game & loving the new outlay compared to temple run.
lensix ratingfive thumbs up to the designers & crew
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lentwelve ratingfive better than the first and the first was greatness in an app
lentwentyone ratingone i luv the first temple run but the 2nd one won't load when i click to open the app please fix
lentwentyfive ratingone i think its stupid i love the first temple run, this new one feels wierd and that monkey is too big i just hate it.
lenfourteen ratingone come up with a way to kill the monkey then i might like it
lenthree ratingfive unlimited coins + gems !
leneleven ratingone do not download i have a android phone and it sucks!
lenfive ratingone like it freezes it consently.
lennine ratingone i am so glad i did not buy it
lenthree ratingfive fun time waster
lenfourteen ratingfive very nice improvement over the first game, which was already awesome to begin with.
lenfour ratingfive my first 5-star review!
lenfive ratingfive this game is the shizzle.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and game play is smooth.
lentwo ratingfive great grapic
lenten ratingfive nice and so beauteful game i love it so much <3 <3
lenfive ratingfive way better than the previous!
lentwelve ratingfive i love the graphics it's just better then the first one!
lenfour ratingfour brilliant game and addictive.
lenseven ratingfour alot of changes since the first game.
lentwentynine ratingfour i found that the tilt is alot less sensitive and you have to tilt the device +45 degrees to collect coins and has caused me to die on countless occasions.
lenfive ratingfour 5stars if it was more sensitive
lenfive ratingfive much better then temple run 1
lentwenty ratingfive love this.a grt way to pass ur time.but i prefered d frst one.this is too complicated smttimes
lenfive ratingfive and i love the setting!
leneight ratingfive i love the new additions to this game.
lentwo ratingfive more entertaining
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingtwo force quits frequently when i try to do a second save me.
lennineteen ratingtwo also, i turned the sound and music all the way down, but it still makes running and clicking sounds.
lenseven ratingtwo seems like an annoying bug for me.
lentwelve ratingfive i think this is so much better than the first temple run .
lensix ratingthree runs really bad on htc wildfire
lenseven ratingfive theres less stuff in this one though.
lenfive ratingfive i would like more characters.
lenfive ratingthree first one was more fun
lenthirtyfour ratingfive great game but can never beat the first temple run if you are thinking of getting this game then you should also get temple run the first one can't wait till temple run 3!
lenfive ratingfive is very addictive must download
leneleven ratingfive i'm like a pro but my friends get sooo confused:)
lentwentyone ratingfour i love this game but in the middle of a high score run the sob app closed and didn't save.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i have always enjoyed playing temple run.n the only thing i dont like abt it is when we die.we have to play from the beginning again.that part sucks.
lenseven ratingfive aowesome game y play it every day.
lennine ratingone i keep losing my lifetime coins when i die.
lenfour ratingone cannot purchase power ups.
lensix ratingfive its better than the orginal better
lentwentynine ratingfour very very gud bt add some more things like new places new graphics also run in inner of temple.see the same places again and again loks nt cool
lentwo ratingfive awesome game :) !
lenthree ratingfive best game evaaaaaa!
lenthree ratingfive xd love it!
lentwelve ratingone i paid $9.99 for the 150,000 coin pack and i never received the coins.
leneight ratingone i was charged and got the confirmation email.
leneleven ratingone i emailed the developers 5 days ago and never got a reply.
lentwenty ratingone the game is fun but i never got what i paid for and the customer support doesn't exist apparently.
lensixteen ratingone edit : i was have contacted my bank to dispute the charge and will update the outcome.
lentwo ratingfive hey guys.
lenten ratingfive after playing this awesome game i got a high score.
lentwelve ratingfive can you share what is highest score you got it until now.
lennine ratingfive you got to be kidding i love this game
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are phenomenal!
lensix ratingfive upgrade if you like the first!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run
lennine ratingfour the app is very good, no jumps or lag.
lentwelve ratingfour just don't really like it, i prefer the original (personal opinion)
leneleven ratingfive this game is cool just wish gems were easier to find
lenseventeen ratingfour temple run 2 is very addicitve and challenging especially when going through the forest and the roller coaster!
lenseven ratingfour appreciate the developers taking our suggestions seriously!
leneight ratingone temple run 2 is much harder than temple run.
lenfortyfour ratingone but it is very fun and addicting i would recommend it.but sometimes when i turn or duck or jump i just die all of sudden and that sucks.ok now its not letting me play at all please fix i like this game
lennineteen ratingfive gotta watch wat u doin becuz u.can 4 get were u r or wat were u about to do
lennine ratingthree fun game, but every other use of the "gems"
lentwelve ratingthree causes game to freeze and then restart making hard objectives needlessly harder.
lenfive ratingfive my first impression was indifferent.
lennineteen ratingfive as a fellow temple runner i enjoyed the first one but this one at first didnt capture my attention.
lenthirteen ratingfive but then i realized the more i played it the better it became.
lenthirteen ratingfive no.,this is a action adventure game in any way, shape, or form.
lenseven ratingfive great fun while listening to raiders march.
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lenthree ratingfour fun fun fun
lenten ratingfive its is nice superb graphic and i like this game.
lentwo ratingfive better version
leneight ratingthree great game, but it lags way too much!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive u hi didudjrj durd
lenfourteen ratingone it crashed  at least once a day and now i cannot open it fix
leneleven ratingfive love the new temple run way better than the old one !
lenseven ratingfive this game is very fun but challenging
lenthirtysix ratingthree i would give this 5 stars if it wasn't for a few glaring deficits compared to the first temple run that can't be made up for by better graphics and improved upgrade/power-up system.
lentwentyone ratingthree my main complaint is the lack of sensitivity control, which is one of the reasons for my second complaint, slower gameplay.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree the combination of less ui response (relative to what i've gotten accustomed to from temple run i) and the way you have to handle side-cliffs just doesn't feel as fluid as the original game.
leneleven ratingfive when i don't have anything else to do verg adicting!
leneight ratingfour it was good, lagged in a few spots.
lennine ratingfive awesome awesome awesome this is the best game ever
lentwo ratingfive sooo deep
lenthree ratingfive awesome new version,
lenthree ratingfive awsome big monkey
leneleven ratingfive great running game with plenty of upgrades and no advertising spam.
lennine ratingfive graphics are really impressive for a small development team.
leneight ratingfive this will keep you busy for a bit!
lenseven ratingfive amazing is all i need to say.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
leneight ratingfive love the graphics, fun game, and mine carts.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive even though  i am not able to download this game,  ilove it
lenfive ratingfive this is a awesome game.
lenfive ratingtwo wont run on my phone.
leneight ratingtwo it goes  to the loading screen then exits.
leneleven ratingfour fantastic but kinda glitchey for android other then that its great
leneleven ratingtwo i go to turn and it slides or keeps going straight.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the first temple run 1000000 times better xd
leneleven ratingfive it's a good game tilting needs to be fixed though
lentwo ratingone wont play
lenthree ratingfive my rank 22 leaderboards.
lenthree ratingfive apple android user.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it keeps saying package file invalid and it won't let me download it .
lensix ratingfive it appears that i was wrong.
lenseven ratingfour they could have done something more original.
lenfourteen ratingfour like having you invade the monkey dudes castle to get the idol.overall great
lentwentyfour ratingfour could be more accurate with telling us is we could jump over the stuff we could slide under other than that its the best
lenten ratingfive it is so fun i wish they can have a#3
lentwentythree ratingthree i love this game just as much as the next guy but mine glitches every game so i always lose because of glitches.
lensix ratingfive exciting fun new stuff its great!
lentwentyone ratingfive you need to bring this game out on psn and loads of people will download it but overall a good game
lenten ratingone this is the worst game ever in and on earth
leneight ratingone won't play on lg thrill, please fix
lensix ratingfive the best part of temple run
leneight ratingfive fix the bugs n it would be perfect :)
lenthree ratingfive soooooooooooooooo funnnnnn nnnnnnnn!
lenfifteen ratingfour it can get 5 stars if tilting controls sensitivity settings like the previous game was there.
lenseventeen ratingfour because it need more senstivity as to turn the player i need to tily my phone more.
lenseven ratingfive awesome way better than the old one
lensixteen ratingfive this is the best game ever.i've played temple run ever since it came out .
lentwentythree ratingfive gene i've got other things to do and i'm not getting them done, because i can't put this game down.
lentwelve ratingfour this game is good graphics are awesome and the gameplay is intense.
leneleven ratingfour its a good game but i think i prefer the 1st one!
lennine ratingfive little hard then the first but just as fun
lensix ratingfive download this it's worth it!
leneight ratingfive lives up to the high temple run standards
lenthree ratingfive i loved itx)?
lenfour ratingfive good for passing time
lenthirteen ratingone the game seems to freeze right at the green startup on this phone.
lensix ratingfive i love this game super fun
lennine ratingfive i love this new temple run its super fun
lentwo ratingfive great sequal!
leneleven ratingthree nice game.fun but freezes on my note 1.plz fix it.
lenthirteen ratingfive rejoice temple run 2 is here and ots bigger badder and better than ever!
lenfour ratingfour exciting and very tiring!
lennineteen ratingfive i only have one problem, while running i jumped a hole and my character went straight thru the floor.
leneighteen ratingfive idk if it was a one time bug but i feel it is something you should look into.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game i.put tat on my.mama life
leneight ratingfive love number 2 so much more fun and realistic.
leneight ratingfour laggy at times and the sensitivity is off.
lenfive ratingfour 5 star for sensitivity controls again
lenthirteen ratingfive best game ever, i just love this game, please fix the glitch part !
leneight ratingone bring it back and i'll give 5 stars.
lensix ratingone it's too hard to control!
lenseven ratingfive east or west "it is the best".
leneight ratingfive did not think temple run could get better.
lentwenty ratingthree this is a very good game, but it lags alot and it needs to be fixed in the next update
lenseven ratingone doesnt start up on my galaxy s 1
lentwo ratingfive great gameplay
lenfour ratingfive so cool and addictive
lensixteen ratingfour to enjoy this game u need to come out of temple 1 and get used to it
lenfive ratingfive good job on the game
lenfive ratingfive couldn't be made better
lenfourteen ratingfive can't wait till temple run 3 this is great tell in everyone  "bout this.
lenfourteen ratingone can't play it exits to home screen when it has the mangi symbol
lenfour ratingfour its fun and addicting.
lenten ratingfour it freezes and closes sometimes when i press 'save me.'
lenten ratingfive i'm sure you all know this game is fake.
lentwelve ratingfive i'm here to tell you to give it a chance anyway.
lenthirtysix ratingfive you may be faked out by the fakeness of this fake game, but honestly, as far as fake games go, its one of the best fake games i couldn't play(because it doesn't exist).
lentwentytwo ratingfive great grafics and there is one error um when i earn points it always gets deducted.fix it plz but its awesome
lenfive ratingfour still sometimes glitchty please update!
lensix ratingfive addictive just like the first one .
lenthirteen ratingthree it likes to freeze up a lot though i don't know why.
lenfifteen ratingthree i really like this game but there is not enough of cart rides and ropes
lenfive ratingfive this game is soo good.
lenfour ratingfive defiantly want to get.
lenseventeen ratingfive if you like temple run and want it to be harder , then temple run 2 is the best! <3
lennine ratingfive they added more features and worlds that totally works.
lenfour ratingfive no lag and bugs.
leneight ratingfive never want to put my phone down now.
lenfour ratingfive i love tis game~
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingfour good game runs great and smooth
lenthree ratingfive make temple run 3
lenthree ratingfive fun packed game
lenten ratingfive great game excellent graphics and everything else only glitches sometimes
leneight ratingfive why make a temple run when you make tr2.
lentwentyone ratingfour this game is awesome but it still freezes up on my phone  :-( fix this and i will give it a 5 star
leneleven ratingfour still in the glitch stage be much more fun than the 1st?
lenfourteen ratingfive amazingly smoother than the 1st one great job runs great a must play free game !
lentwentysix ratingone i have a highscore and when i hit the save me for the 3rd time in one run, it freeze and take me to my home page.
lenten ratingone it happens many times when i hit the save me.
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenseven ratingfive it's just so much better overall.
lenseventeen ratingfive the graphics are so much better and there's more to do in this than the original.
lentwentyone ratingfour i had rated it with 4 stars because sometimes after playing and i want to come back to home this game hang.
lennine ratingfour please fix so next time i will give 5 stars.
lenten ratingfour but overall it  is the best game ever for me.
lentwenty ratingfour i give it a 4 out of 5 becaues it is a good game but it doesnt tilt right and it glitches
lentwo ratingfive perfect game.
lensix ratingfive excellent on my htc desire c
lenfourteen ratingfive so much better than the first one.can't wait to play the 3rd version
lenthirtyone ratingfour i literally cant stop playing it but sometimes it freezes and goes steppy which is really annoying when you miss your jumps and turns etc. other then that i love it.
lentwentythree ratingfive ik vond de eerste al goed en wist al dat de 2de uit was op apple en even gewacht en wat een vet spel.
leneight ratingthree more difficult than the first, which i like.
lenthirtysix ratingthree however, the upgrades have gotten way more expensive, the game isn't sensitive enough to tilting or touch, and lags a little when jumping, sliding, tilting, etc. sometimes it doesn't pick it up at all.
lentwelve ratingthree its a good game, but needs an upgrade to make it great.
leneleven ratingthree its ok but everyttime i turn mybphone off it stops work
lenfive ratingfive very exciting game to play.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i love this game its so much better than the temple run1 because theirs more courses than the other and if i were you i would tell my friends and my family also
lensix ratingfive much better than the first game!
leneight ratingfive awesome game , but lags a lot on galaxy s3
lentwelve ratingone purchased a 50-gem pack ($4.99) six days ago and never received the gems.
lenthirteen ratingone all forms of contacting developer for help/refund have to date gone unanswered.
lenfifteen ratingone fun game, but i can say i won't ever buy anything from them again.
lenfortyeight ratingone they make me put 1 star its hard thing like powerups don't last as long its confusing where to go need signs very easy to trip and now cart and you can revie with ressurection wing didn't stay true to its roots suck don't get it
lensix ratingfive love this game #2 is the bestest
leneighteen ratingfour super fun, good updates, but a bit glitch-y on my htc phone every once in a while.
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run, the first version.
lenten ratingfive games practically require you to pay money to enjoy it.
lenfive ratingfive addictive "just one more run"
leneight ratingfour i call temple run 2 "temple run on steroids"
lenfive ratingfour excellent graphics, effects and animations.
lenseventeen ratingone it keep freezing up on certain parts of the game, need to be fix asap, not happy
lentwo ratingfive tooo goood
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingone it totally sucks!
lensixteen ratingone i can't turn or run right and its wayyyy too big for my phone screen!
lenthree ratingone yea epic fail.
lenfour ratingfive epic game i played
leneight ratingfive so much better than the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfive but it's keeps making my phone skip a little bit.
lentwentythree ratingtwo awesome but it keeps stealing my coins first ill have over 3000 and then teo seconds later after doing nothing i have less than 500
lenfortyeight ratingthree its better then temple run1 but it takes your coins and i can't figure out why so i'm really not feeling this game like i was at first do watch your coins to see if your coins are bring taken other then that i like the game
leneight ratingtwo this game isn't working for my phone.
lentwelve ratingfour love the improvements, graphics are amazing considering it's a free app.
lenfourteen ratingfour only issue i have with it is that sometimes when using the "save me"
leneleven ratingfour option after dying, the game will freeze and then close out.
lentwentythree ratingfour i have to open the game again and start over even though it has taken away the jewels for using the "save me"
lenten ratingfour (but doesn't count the coins from the previous game).
leneleven ratingfour but still a great game, just hope this bug gets fixed.
lenseventeen ratingfive i am not a previous version player but the game allows me to enjoy it very much
leneight ratingthree fun but the original temple run is better
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthirtyfive ratingthree the game is great to play and graphics were excellent up til now when parts of the jungle aren't rendering and it just leaves me with blank space which i can still run over.
lentwentythree ratingthree i do not wish to reinstall the app as i don't want to lose progress please could u patch this for nexus 7
lentwentyseven ratingfour although its slightly harder and you have less charaters to start with than the original, it is still a great game and todelly worth your memory space.
lenfour ratingfive i've been waiting.
lenfour ratingfive its cool and fun
leneight ratingfive except for the the glitches but still cool
lennineteen ratingone this game looks cool and i liked the first, buy i can't get past the dumb beginning screen!
lenfive ratingfive amazing new features and graphics!
lenthree ratingfive nice work devs!
lenfive ratingfive ziplines wheels and more coins
lenfour ratingone lag constantly kills me.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is well geed better than first wan
lentwelve ratingfour this is a little better than the first on and more exciting.
lentwelve ratingone this game does not run on the samsung infuse with android froyo 2.2.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive danm i luv this game its so awesome!
leneighteen ratingone l love this game and i downluad it but it dosnt open can some one pls help me
lentwo ratingfive inot bad
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive u can increase or decrease the graphics quality depending on your device.
lenseven ratingfive love the new features and game play.
lennine ratingfive had to uninstall as it was getting too addictive :)
leneight ratingfour in nexus 4, the railway track is rendering slow.
lenthree ratingfive like a boss
lenfifteen ratingfive get this game it is really good they somehow made it better then temple run.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfifteen ratingfive didn't play the first game, but managed to find myself addicted to this one.
lenten ratingtwo it will work then just cra$h not good app
lenthree ratingfive in 1 word great.
lentwo ratingfive great great
lenseven ratingone won't work on my samsung infuse.
lensix ratingfive can't put it game down
lennineteen ratingone though the game is great, i purchased double coins then got corrupt save, now i can't use it.
lenfour ratingone no reply from support!
lenseven ratingone don't spend money on this game!
lenseven ratingfive it ain't working for my phone
lentwo ratingfive want play.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive love the graphics update and difficulty increase
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingthree im not a great gamer chic so pretty hard but awesome graphics
lennine ratingfive now its for android devices, it's so epic.
lenfive ratingfive new way to kill time
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfour ratingfive really funny and active
lenfifteen ratingfive i think this is a fun game screw the first temple run diwnload the second
lenten ratingthree it lags a lot wen u go far in android.!
lenfour ratingfour there are awesome graphics
lenseven ratingone this stuff won't even work anymore.
lentwo ratingfive nice gameplay.
lensix ratingfive this game is awesome as heck
lentwentytwo ratingfive i didn't think i'd ever find a game as addicting as the first one, but somehow, this completely tops it!
lenfour ratingfive wayy better then original.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsome!
lenfour ratingfour love the new grafics.
lentwenty ratingfive it wont even load to home  screen on the game.and , this makes me sad becuz its an amazing game.
lenthirtythree ratingfive i see that sometimes on the ropes that the tilt gets messed like when my tablet is tilted toward the right or left, it showed it at even instead of the guy leaning.
lenfifteen ratingfive i think it happens when i jump onto the rope when my tablet is tilted.
lenten ratingfive still 5 stars though, because it's not a big deal.
lentwentynine ratingfive also, the tilt is nota very sensitive, i wish it was more sensitive so that i don't have to tilt my tablet so much for it to move.
lenthree ratingthree loads kinda slow
lenfive ratingone it's so freaking laggy.
lenthirteen ratingone it won't even accept the turns and slides most of the time.
lenfifteen ratingone sometimes, it won't move to the side even though i'm moving my phone.
lenfive ratingfour waiting for it to werkk
lenfour ratingfive great my favorite game !
lensix ratingfive excellent graphics and awesome new obsicales
lenfour ratingtwo force closes too much!
lensix ratingfive this game is so addicting :d
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
leneight ratingfour its ok but i like subway surfers better
lenseven ratingone its a cool game i like it.
lenthirteen ratingone but know it wont work know fix for 5 stars it forsclos on me
leneight ratingtwo it force closes on my huawei s7 slim tablet.
lennineteen ratingfour remove the blindspots and reducw the mining cart speed, if now enhance the view and the angle of perspective.
lenfive ratingthree it's okay, but repetitive
lenfour ratingone mine won't load.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lenten ratingfive anyone who doesnt have this game you are missing out
lentwelve ratingfive cool graphics great to play with all the innovations eye catching graphics.
lenfive ratingfive great improvisation on temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive so much better than the first game
lenfour ratingone won't even start.
lenten ratingone i open the app and it just closes right away.
lenfortysix ratingfive there's more to do like ziplining mine carting and it is easier to get money unlike the first which took forever to get enough to upgrade this one you get enough coins to upgrade twice in one colume and you can run less than 4000 meters
lenfour ratingfive this is soooooo cool
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenten ratingfive from the last temple run, this game has better updates.
lenseven ratingfive like i said, this game,  is awesome.
lenthirtyfive ratingone i bet that it's good, but i wouldn't know because every time i try to play, it doesn't go past the imangi studios screen then it force closes.  -_- fix it   -samsung infuse
leneleven ratingthree there's alot of issues with the timing of the game.
lenseventeen ratingthree beside that it's okay wish there was a save point or check points to start at
lentwentythree ratingone worked great at first then i got a score of 2 mill and it deleted my data and wont work now fix it please
lenten ratingone it won't work when i try to play it
lennine ratingfour good game but turning wah better on temple run
lennine ratingfive this game is better than anything and better graphics.
lenseven ratingone it sucks it doesnt let me play
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive nice and fun game, il give 5 star.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingthree i absolutely love the game itself, as it is also better than the regular temple run.
lentwentyeight ratingthree the only problem i have had, which i also had on the other, is that it randomly deletes all of my statistics and everything else for the game.
lenfifteen ratingthree it is extremely irritating because it does it as soon as i get higher levels.
lenten ratingfive this version is not as boring as the old one.
lenfive ratingfive and easier to play haha!
lenfourteen ratingone i can't get mine past the wallpaper thing on my galaxy s aviator.
lenthree ratingone this suuure sucks
lentwentysix ratingfive this game is so addicting, but why cant the characters be less coins, i only hav lik 2000 the characters are like 5, 0000, but either than that awesome!
leneight ratingfive one of the best games on my phone
lentwentyfive ratingthree i like this game, its a huge improvement over the first, but there is only one stupid flaw i've found that is very irritating.
lenfour ratingthree after clicking "save me"
lensix ratingthree when i die, the game crashes.
leneight ratingthree not every time, but like 8 out of 10 times.
lenseventeen ratingthree i will rate 5 stars if this is fixed, and i hope it is because its very frustrating.
leneight ratingthree it froze when i use a save me.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingone it wont download on my phone but i would really like to play this.
lenthirty ratingtwo cool but i think there should be a tutorial for when you get the cart, cause once i reached that part i died cause i didnt know what to do.
lentwenty ratingtwo also i literally need to tilt my phone to one side to make the character move.add a sensitivity bar ?
lensix ratingtwo it lags quite frequently on the sg3.
lenseven ratingtwo and i keep dieing cause of it.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lenfour ratingthree lags all the time.
lenfour ratingthree caused many a deaths.
lenseven ratingthree other than that great game very addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the first one but i'm crazy of the second one.
lenfour ratingfive totally phone gripping experience.
lenthree ratingfive cool game ever!
lentwelve ratingfive this app is awesome,no bugs,no lag, no glitches, no problems.
lenseven ratingfive its cool 2 times better than the first.
leneighteen ratingfive oh one more thing please add montana smith in characters like you did in the first one please.
lensix ratingfive thanks for the great game. -mike
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfourteen ratingfour fun game otherwise, but i don't trust the in-app purchasing completely yet.
lenfive ratingfour sensitivity could be tweaked too.
lennine ratingfive great graphics, keeps your eyes glued to the screen.
lentwo ratingtwo nice graphics.
lenseven ratingtwo love the new concepts and fresh art.
lenthree ratingtwo very irritating gameplay.
lensix ratingtwo looking forward to the next update.
lenthree ratingfour yeah, very playable.
lenthirteen ratingfive better then the temple run 1 im hoping they make temple run 3 awsome app
lenten ratingfive i love it so much better than the first one
leneleven ratingfive lovee this game i got a score over 32 million on here
lenfour ratingfive very addictive.awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive before this temple run 1 "was"
lenfour ratingfive my favorite game :-d
lenfive ratingfive this game is asome    m
leneleven ratingfive i love t2 and compliment you guys on a job well done.
lenten ratingone i downloaded it but it wont work on my phone!
leneleven ratingone i've tried reinstalling it but it still doesn't work.
lenseven ratingone temple run works fine on my phone!
lenfive ratingfour really fun game to play
lenfive ratingfive i love temple run two
lenthree ratingfive faster than temple run1!
leneight ratingfive got objectives which makes it better and amusing!
lenfourteen ratingfive what a game i love it thanks imangi keep more games like this coming
lentwelve ratingfive best 3d addictive gave ive ever played em lovin n enjoyin it:d
lentwelve ratingthree i love the game, but there's a glitch with the coins.
lenfourteen ratingthree i've had over 2,000 coins, then all of the sudden i'm down to 200.
leneight ratingthree this issue had happened to me twice already.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
leneight ratingfive great graphics, much better than the first one.
lennine ratingfive this game is so addictive but well worth downloading.
lensix ratingfive a great sequel to the original!
lenfive ratingfive i love the new challenge!
lenfive ratingone it just keeps force closing.
lentwo ratingfive super amazing! !
lennine ratingfour this game is so much funn  i love it
lentwelve ratingfour although it does crash a lot when i try to use revive.
lensix ratingfive does nothing but improve the original
lenfourteen ratingfive i like how it wasted a lot of timd when i came home sick.
lenten ratingfive i have to tell my friends about this game asap.
lennine ratingone the app ran once and now fails to start.
lennine ratingone it only shows the is symbol then force closes.
lenten ratingthree it's just ok cause i'm tired of running.
lentwentythree ratingone it doesn't work on lg optimus p970 :( i downloaded it already but when you open and start playing it goes back on home. :(
lensix ratingone unplayable on 1.5 year old droid 2 global.
lennine ratingone game stutters, lags and does not respond to accelerometer.
lenfive ratingone also crashes during loading screens.
lenthree ratingfive jus love it!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lensix ratingfive major improvement over the first installment.
lenfive ratingfive i could play for hours.
lenthree ratingtwo so fun lol
lenthirtysix ratingfive very cool sequel, with power up improvements making playing more fun, shame about the wings that bring you back to life missing, but i suppose the gems do the same thing, all-in-all, great game!
lensix ratingone force closhes when i open it
leneleven ratingone i lost my high score, coins, challenges, characters, habilities, everything d:
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting!
lenfour ratingfive way better than tr pt1
lentwentytwo ratingthree it worked great at first in my xperia pro, but it keeps pausing now, even 3 times before i reach the first rope!
lennine ratingthree and the screen blinks alots even in menu section!
lenseven ratingthree help, please i really love this game.
lenfive ratingfive thia game is super addicting!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it and it is a game that my daughter and can both play.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game ,
lenfourteen ratingfive soooooo awesome better than the first one and i thought that one was good !
lentwelve ratingfour but gets confusing with mini-turns.fix for five stars.otherwise, awesome!
lenfour ratingfour only thing better multiplayer!
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i like the new features that they have added but i feel that the creators have made temple run easier but that is probably my own opinion.
lentwo ratingthree top game
lenfour ratingfive omg install right now!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game  this is truely the best game ever created.
lensixteen ratingthree i like the game but i bought gems a few days ago and still not there.
lensixteen ratingthree whenever i choose the save me option in the game more than once the game crashes.
leneighteen ratingthree i love the game but i can't enjoy it because if the freezing while i'm playing.
lentwentyfour ratingthree i understand you guys just released it for the android market, hopefully the next update will fix the problems them ill change my rate.
lennine ratingfive this one is alot more challenging then the first!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfourteen ratingfive nothing chnges gameplay wise,  but its abit of a put off (or a laugh)
leneight ratingfive just like the original but harder and cooler.
lenfour ratingfive more variety in obstacles.
lenfour ratingfive it's great game
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is so much fun!
lennine ratingfive i love the car rides in ter mine especially.
lenfour ratingfive really awesome new features!
lensixteen ratingfive it's picture quality is so good it looks like your playing on a game system!
lenthree ratingfive totally worth it.
lenseven ratingfive its ahmazing way better then the first
lennineteen ratingone i can't even play, it freezes before it even loads and i've uninstalled and installed several times!
lenfive ratingfive loved the first temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive i often avoid games on my phone because the controls annoy me.
lenfifteen ratingfive they have the touch screen controls down, and the game is a lot of fun!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend.
leneleven ratingfive i love it it's awsome and cannot wait till 3comes out
lennine ratingfive this app is amazing keep up the great work
lenfour ratingfive lol il this game
lenthirteen ratingthree this game is okay the graphics r good but it freezes to much
lentwelve ratingfour every time i hit save me when i die, the game crashes.
lenfour ratingfour my phone is motorola atrix2.
lenfive ratingfour several high scores were ruined.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive great improvements and leveling system.
lentwelve ratingfive the smallest bit buggy at times but nothing that hurts the gameplay.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
leneighteen ratingone i downloaded this game 4 times and it doesnt want to work ! >=[ so can someone just freakin fix it ?!
lensix ratingfive still as exciting as the original
lentwenty ratingthree i love this game but now every time i go to play it now , it just returns to my homescreen -__-
lentwentyone ratingfive there's so much more to do in this game than the first version, such as ropes and riding mining carts.
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are amazing and makes the game seem more real.
lenthirteen ratingfive would have loved it if there were more scenes in the background though.
lensix ratingfive kids love it so do i
lensixteen ratingone this is just a waste of time and memory if the game isnt going to work.
lensix ratingone please fix this for motorola triumph.
leneight ratingfive great didnt think you could top the first
lentwentytwo ratingfour its cool.nicer graphics and a much more challenging running course.but i prefer the original temple run a whole lot more.
lensix ratingfour cool to play but no ends
lenseven ratingfive so entertaining for those long car trips
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is more fun then number 1.
lensixteen ratingtwo theres lag on htc incredible s. even when i put my graphics on good(lowest setting).
lenseven ratingtwo otherwise i love the gameplay new content.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it.
lenfive ratingfive i play it every day.
lenten ratingfive its way better then the first one without a doubt
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lentwelve ratingfive i thought the first one was excellent,  this one is evem better.
lentwentyone ratingfive the graphics and sound is better, the game is a bit more challenging,  and the mine car was a great addition.
lennine ratingfive if you liked the first one, check this out!
leneleven ratingfive perfect, now delete temple run 1 and having fun with version 2 hehe. .
leneight ratingfive so raw but so different from temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive much woow game .
leneight ratingfive similar to temple run 1, but has different background.
lentwentyfour ratingone it keeps kicking me out of the app the only thing i see is the loading screen then it kicks me out.fix now !
lentwo ratingfive frakkin awesome!
leneighteen ratingfour if your opinion of the first game was mediocre,  you will not have that feeling about this one.
leneleven ratingfive very easy to learn and having lots of fun with it.
leneighteen ratingfive this is just my opinion but, this is the best game i've ever played on my phone!
lennine ratingfive works great, no lag, also incredibly addictive and fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive a must if you have some spare time or bored at school/work. :)
lentwentyseven ratingone this game doesn't work for me every time i click on it,it crashes it whould be great if i could play it please fix this
lenseven ratingthree good but game reacts late a lot
leneight ratingfive it's more exciting than the last one.
lenfour ratingfive off the feaken chain
lenten ratingfive my friend showed me this game and i love it
lenseven ratingfive keeps you entertained while on the john.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much more fun than the original :)
lentwo ratingfive great sequel.
lenseven ratingfive better graphics, rund awesome on my droid.
lenfour ratingfour wow!i wish i
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfour ratingfive smooth, addicting, and crisp.
lenseven ratingfive i love templerun and this one too
lenseven ratingfive my high score is 1,786,342 so freaking awesome.
lenfive ratingfive you will love this game.
lentwenty ratingfive ive had this game the first day it came out the 23 of january and i have all of the characters.
lenfive ratingfive love it totally recomend it
lenten ratingfive it looks fun, but how do i open the app?
lensix ratingfive i'm new to google play.
leneight ratingfive and i'm using an android tablet btw.
lensix ratingfive i like better then the first
lenseven ratingfive it's a fun and amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive very good game love it.
leneight ratingfive one  of the best games in the market!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive i am in love with temple run 2 ?
lenthree ratingfour nice but difficult
leneighteen ratingone needs sorting, ive tried eerything but it will not go past the imangi studios opening screen sort it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingtwo its pretty fun and has lots of new features, but it just isn't very smooth.
lentwentyone ratingfour graphic more hq than temple run 1.and more easier.tilt sensitivity should be fix.i keep felt when half way coming!
lennine ratingfive this is better than the first temple run lol
lenseven ratingfive lol you can slide up the stairs
lennine ratingone this don't even work on coolpads metro pcs!
lenthree ratingfour ms.set good
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic.
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing it!
lenfive ratingone thr game won't play
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun
lenseven ratingfive east or west "it is the best".
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfourteen ratingfive sometimes it wouldn't response,but i give it five stars for the gems
lenfour ratingfive this is pretty cool.
lensix ratingfive simple,  yet challenging with cool graphics.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is fun!
lennine ratingthree its alright but i like the first one better
lenfourteen ratingfour it's a lot of fun, but glitches when you use save me function
lenfour ratingfive wow better then first
lenfifteen ratingthree its a great game but take long to download also wish it was more advance
lennine ratingfive good graphics and better than the original temple run
leneighteen ratingfive great i love it and its way more interesting than the first one i hope they make a 3rd
lentwo ratingfour nice powerups.
lenthree ratingfive funny game ever.
lenseven ratingfive it is so much fun please download
lensixteen ratingfour would do 5 stars but at times i swipe but it doesn't catch the swipe response.
leneleven ratingfive i like this one but the other one is kinda better .
leneight ratingfive this is the greatest temple run 2 game ever
lenfourteen ratingone the app just shows the first green screen & then crashes please fix this problem!
lenfive ratingone i have a lg thrill.
lenfive ratingfive u really enjoy this game
lenseven ratingfour awesome game loving more than temple run
lennine ratingone no stars it sucked i cant even open it
lenseven ratingfive the application and the game is superb.
leneleven ratingfive but there is a bug sometimes while using the save me.
lenfour ratingfive application hangs and closes.
lenseven ratingfive even the gems are gone away (used).
lenthirteen ratingfive please look into this for android- samsung galaxy s2 and fix this bug asap.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 is so awesome download it and you wont be disappointed.
lenfourteen ratingfive i really like the game and how you can use jewels to keep playing.
lennine ratingfive this is soo much better than the first one
lennine ratingtwo this game is way too glitchy and very unresponsive.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i'm using a galaxy s3 so i didn't expect it to be this bad.
lentwentyone ratingtwo although, the graphics are a lot better than the first one but that means nothing if it doesn't work properly.
lenseven ratingfive gr8 game wid awsme graphics!keep it up
lenthree ratingfour better dan temple run1.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennineteen ratingfour i hate that it don't always pick up my touch, but it is fun to watch the graphics.
lenseventeen ratingone worked for 2 days to unlock a character and buy bonuses and then my whole file was gone.
leneleven ratingone fix it now or i'm going back to brave edition.
lenfive ratingtwo the game has okay performace.
lenseventeen ratingtwo glitchy sometimes, and i have to try to open the game multiple times to play the game.
lenten ratingtwo ive deleted and re downloaded but it just dosent work.
lenfive ratingtwo but overall an okay game.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is soooo much better than temple run
leneleven ratingfive i do really like it because it is challenging so ya
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfourteen ratingfive this version is way better than the first one better missions and fun levels
leneleven ratingfive cool game its the best out of all of my games
lenthirtytwo ratingfive this game is so fun.it keeps me concentrated, it has great graphics, and it's better than the first one,but the first one is cool but not like this one (2)
lensix ratingfour better if sensitivity can be adjusted.
lenseven ratingfive its very good game i love it
lenthree ratingfour game superga undi
lenfour ratingthree they tried to hard.
lenten ratingthree didn't capture the moment like the first one did.
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is better then the first one and more funner i like it and you can swing off ropes and stuff ?
lensixteen ratingfive but i wish it didnt take up so much space and that it had more characters
lenfive ratingfive addicted to this game now.
lenfiftyfive ratingfive the is so cooooooooollll i could have died if i didn't get it i would be stupid to do this in real life i luv it keep makin temple run games make temple run 3 faster cooler and better put eddie lacy as the first runner dang this is fun lol lol put eddie lacy 4real
lentwentythree ratingone everytime i click on the game it crashes please fix!hurry up and fix the problem geez you guys are not helpful grr
lenseventeen ratingthree swiping left to right seems good and flawless until you're in the mine it hardly works.
lenthree ratingthree lg optimus black
lensixteen ratingfive this one is actually optimized for android as well, and you'll no complaints from me!
leneight ratingfive its really a wondurful game, with gud grafics.
lenseven ratingfour i hope this is best addictive ever
leneight ratingfour its not stupid think so than your stupid
lennine ratingone the game won't even load & it force closes.
lentwenty ratingone i've seen great comment however, it crashes right before i can play the game on my type of phone.
leneight ratingone please fix this, i would love to play!
leneight ratingfive loved the first and now love the second
lenthirtyone ratingfive it is the best game in the world my grand daughter loves it when she first played it think u for makeing this game i think u should make temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfifteen ratingone it's doesn't even open on galaxy s 1.please fix as fast as possible.
lenthirteen ratingfive i dont understand how people can give such a game 1 star oe 2 star.
lensix ratingfive it definately is a '5 star' game!
lenfifteen ratingfive it's fun to play with templerun2 than temple run and more exiting and more fun. :)
lennine ratingfour like u die for no reason so its like.
lenfour ratingfive love the new features!
lentwentysix ratingfour i played it on my aunties tablet but i got it on my phone an its loading so slow i exit before i get to play.
lenfive ratingthree my earned coins keep vanishing
lenthree ratingfive best ahhhhhh awesome
lenten ratingfive the game is an amazing upgrade from the first on
lensixteen ratingtwo i tried numerous times to open the app, but it only shows the logo and closes.
lenten ratingtwo it doesn't even say force close it just closes.
lennineteen ratingone the graphics in thos game is terrible u cant eeven see yourself wen the monksy thing is chasing you
lensixteen ratingfive dis is da best game ever i like da frist game but dis is da best
lennine ratingfive this is a vere fun game and cool to
lenfive ratingfive but first forever to download
lensix ratingtwo the controls are so much laggier.
lenfour ratingtwo the game seemed fun.
lenthree ratingfive tots of fun
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool
lenten ratingfive its soo fun like the mineing i love that part
leneleven ratingone the screen freexes at the intro so  i cant even play.
lenthree ratingone samung galaxy tab.
lenfive ratingone please fix for five stars
lenfour ratingfive great fun addictive game
lensix ratingfive love, the zipelines and carts, awesome.
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics and tons of fun
lensix ratingfour good game infact more than temple run1.
lensix ratingfive i like it its very fun
lentwo ratingone doesnt load
leneighteen ratingfive works great on my gadget (nexus 7) but played it on other devices and noticed it had extreme lag.
lenfour ratingfive love the added features.
lenseven ratingfive just ad addictive as the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfive its great but i cant uprgrade my abilities they keep restoring
lenten ratingthree wow.wow.wow.all i have to say is wow
lenseven ratingfive can't get the game to start.
leneight ratingfive i really would like to play the game.
lenthree ratingfive love temple run.
lenfour ratingfive this looks alot funner
leneight ratingfive this a a great upgrade to the original
leneight ratingfive this is an awesome game i love it! :)
lenfive ratingfive omg that is so cool
lenfour ratingfour i liked the original.
leneleven ratingfour the improved graphics on this really add to the overall enjoyment.
lenthree ratingfour great time killer.
lennine ratingfive it way better than the first one loveeeeeeeeeeeee it
lentwentyfive ratingfour this game is really fun but the turning gets frustrating and it won't work sometimes making you die, overall it is a good game
lenthree ratingfour loads kinda slow
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingone when i tried installing it error poops out please fix it
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
leneleven ratingfive i found out about this game about a few days ago.
lenseventeen ratingfive so my friend and i were talking and she's like,"have you heard about temple run 2 ?"
lenfourteen ratingfive the great graphics,awesome obstacles,etc. so i downloading it and she was right.
lenfive ratingfive hoping for a temple run 3.
leneleven ratingone it installed on my huawei ascend, but it doesn't work.?
lenseven ratingone uninstalling now :/ would of rated it 0 stars.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i just love it.the other one used to be good but now with number 2.ain't nobody got time for temple run 1! ; c;
lenfour ratingfive i luv temple run 2
lensix ratingfive cool but only has four characters
lentwelve ratingtwo it's pretty to loom at but control suck.lags a lot.
lenseventeen ratingtwo it's too hard to get high scores whe ur controls are lagging and is not responsive.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 is a fun upgrade compared to the classic temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive i've played the first one and this is just the next step.
lenthree ratingfive bravo and enjoy
lennine ratingfive it cheers me up every time i play it!
lenseven ratingfive can't wait till the next update! :-)
lentwentyseven ratingthree i think it's awesome but the characters are worse than ever and most of the time the app never works and all the rest work great.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive the best way better than the first woo hoohoo
leneight ratingfive awesome game i love it !very good graphics!;)
lentwentythree ratingfour its so funn but wish it had differnt types of land or something not just the mines://but other than that very funn!:)
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is awsomeand its sick download u wont be disappointed
lenfour ratingfive its  a great  game
lenfourteen ratingfour its mauch more aweshemm than temple run 1.hope there will be temple run 3?(^o^)?
lenfive ratingone cant download this sucks app.
lenfive ratingone always error and error evertimes.
lentwelve ratingfive i never though this app would work so fine on my android!
lennine ratingone cool game and played well for bout one day.
leneleven ratingone now it won't open and let us play at all.
leneleven ratingone i downloaded it and it wouldn't let me open it.
lentwo ratingone super angry -_-
leneleven ratingfive i love it but lagging a little fix ic can plzz
lenthree ratingfive best temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive good i like this game.
lenthree ratingfive temple run ll
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseventeen ratingfive i never play  games but after installing this game, i can't live without playing the game:)
lenthree ratingfour temple run rulz
lentwelve ratingone will not work on galaxy tab due to an error please fix
lenthree ratingfive awesome and awwwwsome
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfour a fun challenging game!
lenthree ratingfour graphics is great .
lensix ratingtwo super glighty i can't play
lentwentythree ratingfive this is my favorite game on the app but it wont play on my phone , i played it on other phones but minee!
leneighteen ratingfive i should of gave it 2 stars but this game is awesome when i play it on other phones
lenseven ratingfive the game is the best infinite runner.
lenseven ratingfive but you can't adjust the sensitivity.
lentwo ratingfive otherwise perfect
lennine ratingfour way better  and even more addictive than its predecessor
lenthirteen ratingfive very good game and definately better than temple run.a very addictive game.
lentwo ratingfour fantastic game.
lentwentythree ratingfour only downfall is i can notice the graphics difference between this game on my ipad and the one on my galaxy note xxx
lenseventeen ratingfour would be a five star if there was a sensitivity bar like temple run 1 in this game.
lennine ratingfour so many glitches trying to download but good app
lensix ratingfive graphics are cooler than the original.
lensixteen ratingfive i don't like guy dangerous as much in this one - i think he's older.
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time. .
lensixteen ratingfive i like this game because it was so funny that's why i like this game.
leneight ratingfive its way more better thn the first one
lennine ratingthree good game but the lag needs to be fixed!
lentwo ratingfive muy bno
lentwo ratingfive wicked pissah!
lenfive ratingfive this version is so addictive!
lennine ratingfive so much better than the original temple run kudos x4million
lenfive ratingfive fun, beautiful, and horribly addicting.
lenseven ratingfive a much greater upgrade from the original.
lenfourteen ratingone fix the glitch already and spam any comments that are more than one star!
lenseven ratingone thousands of people are experiencing this problem.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lensix ratingfive it's awsome n so fun
leneight ratingthree good game but the gameplay is kinda buggy. :(
lenseven ratingfive much better on the 2nd one download now!
lenthree ratingfive run forrest,run
lenthree ratingfive graphics are amazing!
lensixteen ratingfive love the new display and as their being a lot of monkeys theirs just 1 big one
lenfour ratingfive this game is boss.
lentwo ratingfive nice app
leneight ratingfive i love the new graphics.keep going :d
lenfive ratingone you guys can never improve.
lensix ratingone have look at your graphics, yak!
leneight ratingfour a lot of improvement from the first version.
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenthree ratingfive a amazing app
leneleven ratingfour good game and good for entertainment also a great time killer
lenfour ratingthree temple run1 is way better!
lenthirteen ratingtwo it would be a real fun game if it wasn't so laggy.
leneighteen ratingtwo on my ipod its fine but my droid is a bad delay when i turn jump or slide.
lennine ratingfour im not sure if it is only my tablet.
lentwentyeight ratingfour maybe it is but when you try to jump, the jumping distance is like too short not the long kind of jump you find in ipad or iphone
lenseven ratingfive this a aswome game im never uninstialling!
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are supercool!
lenfourteen ratingtwo well it's hard to turn and sometimes it won't let me slide.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love the game i just wished that it allowed u to continue from the point where u died instead of having u start from the beginning.but i guess thats y its so addicting.
lenten ratingfive this game is fun to play over and over again!
lenfifteen ratingfive this was so much better than the first one.love the zip line and  cart
lenfour ratingfive omg it's awesome!
lennineteen ratingfour it was good but it is easier to get to one million now, other than that everything was better
leneighteen ratingfive i played in ipad and its amazing now im trying to download it in my tab:-) really amazing.
lensixteen ratingthree great when i downloaded it but now every time i want to play it "force closes"
lenseven ratingthree fix this and i'll give 5 stars
lensix ratingfive this certainly better than temple run 2.
lenthirtysix ratingfour this game i think is truly amazing but the lack of lag is cutting the 5 star back and the lag is the game because i was running the game on a phone that's perfectly fine
lenfortyone ratingfive its way better then the first on and more fun because on the first one you just did the same thing over but on temple run 2 it has better graphics and you do different stuff that's what makes it fun
lentwo ratingfour amazingly interment
lenfour ratingone keeps freezing &i die
lenten ratingfive very new and fun hopefully temple run 3 is coming soon ;)
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive awesome next part to temple run.
lentwenty ratingfour the game itself is great but it deleted itself from my phone and now it won't let me redownload.
lenten ratingfive sexy game alot of fun keep up the good work
lentwentyone ratingfive its a game to which u will get addicted good graphics  never gets hanged like the old templerun  must play app
lenthirteen ratingfour it sucked dick the worse game i've ever played in my life
lensixteen ratingfour even though it is almost exactly the same game play as the previous temple run titles.
lenfifteen ratingfour temple run 2 is definitely a more polished, visually pleasing and just as addictive as before.
lenfour ratingone doesnt load alway up.
lenfour ratingone cuts off  loading screen
lensixteen ratingfive you guys did it again well done vast improvement over the first one in all areas.
lenseven ratingfive here i thought temple run was dead.
lennine ratingfive wish i could give it more than five stars
lenfive ratingfour i love playing the game.
lentwentynine ratingfive awesome game.addicted with temple run already ans now with temple run 2.i have lost touch with d world.m playing it for hours.awesome .fantastic game.love it
leneight ratingfour good game but save me doesn't work.
lennine ratingtwo some bugs but that always happen in new games
lenthirty ratingfive i lve it, it is awsome n it is fun n i love the entering when the game is coming on, n the zipline n rollar coaster is sup fun.
lentwentyeight ratingfour the game is a great and it's addicting to everyone who like temple run but when i'm playing the game, my exhibit makes the game lag.
lennine ratingone in my phone the resolution problem is occur lg l3
lentwentyfive ratingfive temple run too was a lil weird in the begining because i was so used to temple run one, but it's so much fun!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenten ratingtwo though game is nicely developed but with lot of bugs.
lentwentyone ratingtwo mine got hang in between and giving me no option to restart or close or even go back to first screen.
lensix ratingtwo seems uninstall is the only option.
lennine ratingfive this game is a great sequel to the original.
lennine ratingfive this is so much better than the orginal game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive plays good, an a great time killer
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfifteen ratingtwo i love this game but on my tablet i can't move side to side
lenfourteen ratingtwo when i played it on my phone its was really zomed on the screen!
lenfive ratingtwo and i will rate 5 stars =_=
lenthirteen ratingthree it crashes half the time when i use a gem to same me.
lenseven ratingthree other than that its a great game
leneleven ratingfour its good but could've been better an i'm 1090 grimey
leneleven ratingfive best game on android til date .gud wrk .must hav app.
leneleven ratingfive i play on bro's galaxy s2  and its a awesome game
lentwo ratingone played twice.
lensix ratingone froze up my phone both times.
leneight ratingfour fun game alot like the first one though
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is,awesome
lentwenty ratingfive temple run 2 is a great game i highly recommend you download this game trust me you won't regret it!
lenfourteen ratingfive i mean yeah, temple run is fun but it does get boring after awhile.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and simple controls.
leneighteen ratingone very nice game but it does not fit totally on my ge l3 e400.the screen resolution is to big.
lensixteen ratingone on my pohne i cant get past narrow roads bexause my guy wont tilt at all
lentwo ratingfour great game :-)
lenfour ratingfive great game super improvement
lennine ratingfive a lot better than the first, graphics, the control.
lenfive ratingfive it's a cool game
lenthree ratingfive review: consult above.
leneighteen ratingfive it would be even more fun if there was multiplayer.oh well.let's wait for temple run 3.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive good graphics , sound effects.
lentwelve ratingfive it is a extremely good game no lag and only sometimes glitches.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingfive better than first and adds hours of gameplay with graphics thew fit it very well
lentwo ratingfive creative runways !
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous game
lenfourteen ratingone omg i want to play wont play super slow and wont get past screen
lentwo ratingfive nice run
lenseven ratingfive heaps of fun, freemium model not intrusive
lentwentyone ratingfour but i keep on reinstalling it because it closes on its own and when i try openning it it wont open.
lennineteen ratingfour i already passed levels and each level but i cabt keep going because i have to reinstall it again.
leneight ratingfive the game is simple enough but still challenging.
lentwentythree ratingthree freezes when i use 'save me' in tunnels and when i put gems in power ups they aren't there after one game
lentwentyone ratingfive its the best game i've ever played!the big papa monkey thing, rope slider, and mining cart!super awesome dudes!
lenfive ratingfour temple run is the best.
lenfifteen ratingfive and this one has way better graphics and even more to do.even more addictive!
lentwentythree ratingone wont start.if you fix it for infuse u will most likely become 5 star app becauseall the infuse phones are giving bad ratings
lenseventeen ratingfive because i lose easily but i don't give up lol its a great game download it
lennine ratingthree needs to fix the sensitivity option, its to slow.
leneight ratingthree when its fixed i will rate it 5 stars.
lensix ratingthree it's a great game though!
lenseven ratingfive a game that keeps your mind running
lensix ratingfour what a great adventure it is
lenfour ratingfive dis be da bizness
lenthirtyone ratingfive you should make like a temple run call of duty i think that would make alot of ppl play it espcially with the 3g internet they could play online on the go
leneight ratingfive i love to play and make high scores
lenseven ratingtwo it dosen't work on my android :(
lentwo ratingfour ok game
lenseven ratingfive awesome graphics this is very good game.
lenseven ratingfive but i am waiting for temple run 3
leneleven ratingfive i have a tab 2 and i have loved it ery much
lentwentythree ratingfour i can play it well but after a while ever time i start it up it fail and brings me to my apps.
lenfive ratingthree i really like this game.
lenfive ratingthree it's fun and challenging.
lenseventeen ratingthree this the second time i've had to uninstall this because it won't open after awhile.
lenseven ratingthree please fix this crashing yet awesome app.
lenfifteen ratingtwo this game looks so fun i wish i could play on my huawei s7 slim tab -_-
leneleven ratingfive it better than the other one and where is this china
lentwo ratingfive smooth criminal !
lenfive ratingthree have to stop the lagging
lentwentysix ratingfour i played it on my aunties tablet but i got it on my phone an its loading so slow i exit before i get to play.
leneighteen ratingfour best game ever we all need a 3rd 1 complaint it is not very easy to turn thanks=):d:p?
leneleven ratingfour it's a trillion times better than the old one. :-p
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lentwelve ratingfour if you liked the first one,  you will defenately love this one!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game.just loved it.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive how about pausing the game when the battery gets low instead of allowing it to continue and if possible please fix the glitch it has after you play for a little minute other than that its super cool.
lentwentynine ratingfive also it would be nice to have a tribe of warriors chasing you as well just to spark up the look of things chasing you as you run away.
lenthirty ratingfive last how about power ups that you can find on the board thats worth double like a red diamond worth 2 extra diamonds and blue are worth 3 just a thought.thanks
lentwo ratingfive excellent game !
lenfive ratingone it fukin lags to much
lenthree ratingfive plus plus plus
lenseven ratingthree improved better graphics new opttions an scenes
lenfive ratingfour thanks for updating this game!
lensix ratingfour i really love it, very addicting.
lenthree ratingfour good job imangi!
lenfive ratingfive very nice graphic its addiction
lenten ratingfive i love this game even more then the first one.
lenfortyeight ratingone everytime i click on the game it crashes please fix!hurry up and fix the problem geez you guys are not helpful grr after update still force closing really unhapping hurry up and fix it i really wany to play the game im very annoyed with you guys!
lentwo ratingone cheap grafics
leneighteen ratingtwo serious lag and delay on actions so i just keep dying when i have to turn or jump.
lenfive ratingone paid $4.99 for the coin doubler.
lenseven ratingone now where's my doubled coin amount.?
lennine ratingone it's been over a week since i paid.
leneight ratingone this update hasn't fixed much of anything.
lenfive ratingone won't let me play
lenfourteen ratingfive this game has got to be the most incredible game that i ever had.
lennine ratingfive temple run won my heart from the very beginning!
lenthree ratingfive thank you, imangi!
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i downloaded the apparently after playing it on one of my buddy's ipad but when i touch the icon it loads the imangi screen for 30 second then exits back to the home screen.
lenfifteen ratingthree fun game though, i would rate 5 stars if i could play it on my phone
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing and very additive!
lensixteen ratingfour besides the face that when i try to open it often it doesnt open and glitches
lenfive ratingfive just gets better and better!
lentwo ratingfive perfect graphics
leneleven ratingfive love it couldnt wait for it to hit the andriod market.
lenseven ratingfour some objectives are a bit far fetched
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive good game to kill some time
lensix ratingfive definitely better than the first one!
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome game i loved it i cant stop play nic wrk developers hatsoff.
lensix ratingfive jst cant get rid of it
lenthree ratingfour great time killer!
lenthree ratingfive an improveda version.
lenfive ratingfive its going to exceed 200 millions.
lennine ratingfour good game so far but needs to fixed bugs
lenfive ratingfive really a lot of fun!
lenten ratingfive loved the first one and love this one even more.
lentwelve ratingfive awesome graphics, runs perfect in high res on my htc one s.
lenthree ratingfour better than temple run1.
lensix ratingfour but the map kinda confuse.haha.
lenten ratingfive this game is the best game that i have played.
lennineteen ratingfive you could never get such good ones free, don't just keep looking just start downloading and have fun.
lentwentyfive ratingthree turning corners in this game are very nauseating and camera changes to fast for anyone to realize, little glitchy but it just came out so.
lensix ratingfive graphics awesome and way more realisitic
lenfour ratingfour just a bit laggy
leneight ratingfive keep updating it to run better on the s3
leneight ratingfour great game.could have made the turning smoother.
lensix ratingone it automatically turns on floating touch.
lenfour ratingone totally waste of time
lentwo ratingfive superb game.<3
lensix ratingfive graphics are better and more challenging.
lenfive ratingfive you won't be disappointed.
leneleven ratingfour has a bad graphic and powers my phone down some times
lenfive ratingtwo the game glitch and slow
lenthirteen ratingtwo could be better if i could tilt my tab and play  doesent tilt
lenfive ratingfive i hate temple run.dont download.
lennine ratingfive everything is great and improved from the first game
lennine ratingfive keeps me entertained when i am free and alone.
lensix ratingfive cant get rid of this game.
lenfive ratingfive smoothly working on my phone. :)
leneight ratingone force closes everytime so i can't play
leneleven ratingfour its good but it never saves when i leave the game.
lenfive ratingfive very good graphics nice game
leneight ratingfive thank you for improving performance on older devices!
leneight ratingfive runs a lot better on my shift now.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game love temple run but know there's a temple run 2!:d
lenfour ratingfive ideal for time pass
lensix ratingfive very good improvement in all aspects.
lenfour ratingfive graphics details are excellent.
lennine ratingone the game has potential but lags day to much.
lentwentyone ratingone whenever i swipe to turn it jumps and then out take s a few steps after you jump making you fall.
lentwelve ratingone well there was an update but, still doesnt work on lg thrill!
leneight ratingfive very nice game.loved it n is addicted.
lentwelve ratingfive this is the best game ever, too much better than the first
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun.
lensix ratingfive wonderful follow-up to the first!
lenfive ratingfive superbb love zack improve crashing
lenten ratingone the lag is so ridiculous it deems this game unplayable.
lennine ratingone i swipe to turn 3 times, and i still die.
lenseven ratingone same old lag crap as temple run 1
lenfourteen ratingone it crashes before it even gets to the gane menu, literally every single time.
lenten ratingone i haven't even gotten to play the game once.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game keep it up
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is so great it had a lot of good features and if you think this game is horrible then you're wrong
lenthirteen ratingfive this app is wher its at its so fun works great on coolpads
lensix ratingfive better then the first temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so great thats why i give it 5 stars :-) great graphics!
lenfive ratingfive very very very easy game!
lentwo ratingfive hype, yo
lenseven ratingfour very good game for all game lover .
lenseven ratingfive ima punch y'all in the face!
lenthree ratingfive luv this game!
lennine ratingfive its awesome love temple run 2 its also more intence
lenseven ratingfive im glad now the real game came
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfive kind of liked the first one but this one blows it out of the water!
leneight ratingfive better graphics, more realistic, better quality, great game.
lennineteen ratingfive only thing i disagree with is the way they set up the characters, but other than that fantastic game
lenfour ratingfive i. love this game :)
lensix ratingfive a must play game on android.
lenfour ratingfive awsome game,,,mus play
lenfive ratingfive awesome but better on ipad
lenten ratingfour graphics are really world class, they can improve upon transitions.
leneight ratingfive loved the first one and love temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive good game my fav.
lenthirteen ratingthree this is an amazing sequel of temple run, but here is a suggestion.
lenthirtyone ratingthree i would like to see that after you fail the level, you are able to email, text, and post on facebook your score from the app just like the ios version.
lentwelve ratingthree i like to be able to share my scores with my friends.
lenthirteen ratingthree that was one thing that i didn't like on the android version.
lenfour ratingthree but anyways, great game.
lensix ratingfive this game is very fun xd
lenten ratingfour bit laggy but overall it is such a great game :)
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lensix ratingfour its more thrilling, addictable and creative!
lentwentyfour ratingfour but i havr to give four stars because the game got more fancy, so it freezes and stops in the middle of the game.
lentwelve ratingfour and if i slide, jump, or turn, it doesnt really do that.
lenten ratingfour it will be a perfect game if that is fixed.
lenten ratingfour but thank you for making this wonderful game to us.
lenseven ratingthree i love temple run 1, than temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfive very addicted to this game.haven't been able to put it down!
lentwentyfive ratingfive the only downfall is that my money keeps disappearing and i'm unable to open a new person other than that way better than the 1st
lenseven ratingfour very good so far love the game
lensix ratingfive pretty upgraded with more vivid colors.
lenfour ratingfive download to play now!
lennine ratingtwo fix freezing when using save me on droid razr!
lennine ratingtwo got over 7million points and over 7000 coins used saved me.
lenseven ratingtwo it froze and didn't save anything.
lentwo ratingtwo happen 10+ times.
lenseven ratingtwo awesome game just needs that fixed asap
lensix ratingfive very addicting graphics are pretty impresive
lenten ratingfive very fast paced and a lot better then the first!
leneight ratingtwo freezes when i hit the back button still.
lenfive ratingfive nice game i like it
lenseven ratingfive world has gone crazy for this game!
lentwelve ratingfive one of the only games i woll actually play on my phone.
lenseven ratingfour the game is, overall, an awesome game.
lennine ratingfour however, i had a goal of having 500,000 lifetime coins.
lennine ratingfour after completing another goal, the same 500,000 coin goal appeared.
leneight ratingfour the one i had originally was filled more.
lenfiftyseven ratingfour i completed that goal and now have over 700,000 coins and the second goal has not gone away and doesn't seem to be moving any closer to disappearing.this and how when using boost on a rope you continue at the same speed just without the invincibility make the game not as good as it should be.
lenfour ratingfive best game for android!
lenfive ratingfive iphoneys suck by the way!
lenfive ratingthree i purchased the "double coins"
lenseven ratingfour very addicting and fun but sometimes lags
leneight ratingone doesn't load, closes out on its own.
leneleven ratingfour the app is good, but has some obvious issues with controls.
lenseven ratingfour tilting on this game is really hard.
lenfour ratingfive superb game classic resolutions.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on my phone.!
lenfour ratingone continues to force close.!
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lentwelve ratingfive it's a beautiful  app,,, the game  i  like  most  of all. .
lenfive ratingfive i have lots of fun.
leneight ratingtwo cool game if it wasn't so glitchy
lenfive ratingfive i like it a lot
lennine ratingfive very nice game i like so much this one.
leneight ratingfive its awesome even better than the first one!
lenfive ratingfive try it it's dopr
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfour i like this game .
lenseven ratingfour im stoked that its a free game .
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lenseven ratingfive more interesting than temple run  good job
lenseventeen ratingfour how frustrating it is to collect gems only to lose them without being able to lose them!
lentwenty ratingfour when i use a gem to save my life after dying, the game freezes and then crashes - losing the gem.
lenfourteen ratingfour otherwise a fun game, but would like to save a life at least once
lensix ratingfive love it wating for temple run 3
lenthirtyfour ratingfour again this floating touch is irritating me as on temple run 1 on my sony xperia sola on ics.even if i don't touch the screen the man is moving.please fix this error.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenten ratingfive this is an very adventerous games.must play game one !
lentwentyfive ratingfive great game great new features and basically awesome i love all the new stuff they added such as mine cart or gliding parachutes and ropes .
lenseven ratingfive there is game is so freakin cool
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenthree ratingfour very fun game
lenthirty ratingone when i try to play it ,it gets huge and i can't see what its doing like the screen is tiny and u die because u can't c
lenseven ratingfive this game is better than the original.
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time.
lenfour ratingfive visual graphics are amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive i luv temple run 2 i lke temple run 1 too i luv it soooo much
lenthree ratingfour awsome but gltchy
lenseven ratingfive good game fast is furious really good.
lenfour ratingfive really super gaming app.
lenfive ratingfive graphics n gameplay just awesome!
lenthree ratingtwo mine wont play
lenseven ratingfour hey but where's the share button?
lenseventeen ratingone there are a lot of bugs and always hangs please fix this so i can give 5 stars
lenten ratingfour i suck at playing but it's tons of fun
lenfour ratingfive excellent choice google play !
lentwelve ratingthree game is addictive and good graphics but hangs too on my galaxy s3.
lentwentythree ratingthree it looks more adventure than temple run 1 but unfortunately it doesn't work properly on my device. :-( if u can plz fix it.
lentwentyone ratingthree nice graphics, cool motions, the new features are great, but it delays in actions, thus i die when jumping or turning.
lenten ratingfive whats up with the other devices having issues with this?
lenfour ratingfive this sequel is awesome!
lenseven ratingthree i needed the loo in this game
lenfifteen ratingfive good very game that wll made u jump nd slide while ur on ur sits.
lenfive ratingfive i very love this game ^^
lenthree ratingfour addictive and amazing
lenthree ratingfour love this version!
lenfour ratingfour cool game no issue .
lentwo ratingfour play smooth.
lenfive ratingfour a good game.good fun.
lenthree ratingfour sometimes behaves weirdly.
lenfour ratingfour otherwise it's great.
lensix ratingone whenever i use the "save me"
lentwenty ratingone option and end up using gems that are already rare, the game crashes and i return to my home screen.
lenten ratingone and when i relaunch the game,  my gems are gone?!?!?!?
lenfive ratingone wtf is up wit dat?!?!?!
lenfour ratingone fix this goddam bs.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfour more challenging.
leneleven ratingfour dont like how it cost so much to upgrade ur charecter.
lentwo ratingone seriously laggy.
lensixteen ratingone i die if i have to jump, lean, duck, or turn because it takea too long.
leneleven ratingfour they never teach what to do when youre in the cart part
lenfive ratingfive i super love this game!
lensixteen ratingfive this is what you get when you design an amazing game over an already-famous game!
lenseventeen ratingfive update: not sure about other phones but works like a charm on s3 now with most bugs removed.
leneighteen ratingfive but they should really have the game to pause when my phone throws up a pop-up notification!
lentwelve ratingfive sometimes it is too late by the time i close the notification.
lenthree ratingfive super game even
lenseven ratingfour definitely a lot prettier than the first.
lenseven ratingfour sometimes i notice a little lag spike.
lentwo ratingfive superb .addictive.
lenthirteen ratingthree this version is not stable for jelly bean devices as it lags frequently.
lenfour ratingthree but runs smoothly on i5
lenthree ratingfive love the upgrade.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome
leneight ratingfour but otherwise runs way smoother than og game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
leneight ratingfive with out any issues in my xperia s.
lensix ratingfive fantastic sequel to the original game.
lennineteen ratingfive i have galaxy note and this game works just perfect  and its a awesome game  i love this game
lenfive ratingfive very smooth running and addictive.
lenfive ratingfive more addictive than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive but both are the best games in world
lenthree ratingfive super duper cool
lennine ratingone i purchased a 500 gem pack and never received it.
lensixteen ratingone i contacted the dev via google payments several days ago and have not heard a peep.
lensix ratingthree not as cool as subway surfers
lensix ratingfive best game ever i've played
lentwelve ratingfive the game is so raw that i can play it all day
lenfour ratingfive really addicting and fun
leneighteen ratingone it lags a lot and we can only complete one objective at a time unlike from temple run 1
lennineteen ratingfive at first i never liked temple run but when i tried temple run 2 i was amazed by this game.
lensix ratingfive very goof guys keep it up
leneleven ratingfour it's ok i got no problem with it.its challenging
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lensix ratingfive its working perfect in samsung tab 2
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lentwenty ratingfour this game is the best you'll never get bored with this app its so adventurous and graphics are perfect.
lennine ratingfour google play keep bringing on good games like this
lensix ratingone still doesnt work even after update
lenthree ratingfive another great game
lentwo ratingone templerun 1 better
lenthirtythree ratingtwo the gameplay and graphics are great but on my galaxy s(gti-9000) it crashes when i use save me and to add to that my gems are reduced when the game is restarted.
lenfive ratingtwo once i had minus 3 gems.
lenthirteen ratingtwo on my friends device galaxy s(gti-9002) it's the same as well.
lennineteen ratingtwo after the completion of level 8 1,000,000 m objective it shows a duplicate objective for 1,000,000 m that is not getting completed.
lenseven ratingtwo sometimes the boost last forever when used.
leneighteen ratingtwo please fix these and others because its a great game and i'm a big fan of it.
leneight ratingfive have been playing since launch of the game.
lenten ratingfive looks like project butter has been applied to the release.
lenfour ratingfour much better after update
lensix ratingfive great nothing went wrong so far.
lenfour ratingfive 10/5 ten out of five
lenfourteen ratingfive it has the standard of temple run and it a excellent game for s3 international
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time
lentwo ratingfive awesome  awesome
leneleven ratingfive tp2 is more addictive,more enjoyable, more hd graphics,more adorable than tp1 .
lenfour ratingfive this game is sick.
lentwelve ratingfive i like how they added the coaster and the big king kong
lenten ratingfive working great on my samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 with cm 10.1
lenthree ratingfive nice game ever
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenfive ratingfive works fine on my phone.
lenthree ratingfive superb and awesome.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive juzz wowww.:-)
leneleven ratingone i've downloaded this game 3 times and eveytime it wont work.
lenfifteen ratingone it won't stay in the app for more than 10 sec, it just shuts down.
lenten ratingfive a great game to play on a long car ride
lennine ratingthree it need some serious work on the game preforming.
lentwelve ratingthree (i have htc one s which got a 1.7ghz dual core processor)!
lenten ratingfour when i wanted to turn right or left he jumps.
lenfive ratingfour but the game is nice
lensix ratingfive what a game i  love it
lenfive ratingfour what more do you want.
lennine ratingfive thnq for updating this game.and it really works.
lenseven ratingone not impressive enough for a new version.
lenfour ratingfive very smooth game play.
lenten ratingfive people who are complaining need a new phone, with 3 processors.
lenfive ratingfive i have the galaxy note 2.
lenfour ratingfive monster of a phone
lentwelve ratingfive thanks for the update.loving this game,much better graphics than 1st one!
lenseven ratingfive nice grafics, i dislike the monster though.
lenfive ratingfive super game i like this.!
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi !
lennineteen ratingfive if it doesn't work on your device, your proccecer is bad or you do not have much ram.
lensix ratingfive clear running apps, and other programs.
lensixteen ratingfive older devices that are slow can not run this, don't get mad at the developers.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive i like.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this application!
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is lovely game.
lenfive ratingfive features,graphics are so good.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingone after update game still doesn't work.
lensix ratingone stuck on loading screen still ffs
lentwentyfour ratingfive love this more than the first one, the only thing is that it's kinda useless doing other objectives than the 3 you should do
lentwentyseven ratingfour would give it 5 stars but do not like it when you pick up 2 powerups in a row that it only lasts as long as the first one.
lenthirtyone ratingfour so if you picked up a magnet and down the trail you pick up another one while you are still glowing, the second magnet doesn't come into play at all.
lenfour ratingfour still a great game!
lentwelve ratingtwo not working for my galaxy s2 keeps crashing and wont even open plz
lenfive ratingfive works perfectly oh my tab 2.
lentwelve ratingfour it would definitely be 5 stars if you fixed the lag and delay !
lentwentytwo ratingfour the lag and day happen at the same time so it either makes me trip or die and it gets really annoying ._.
lentwo ratingfour (samsung galaxy s3)
lenfive ratingthree it lags more and freezes.
leneight ratingthree the coin thing went smoother last time too.
lentwentytwo ratingone does not work on my brand new lg thrill 4g 3d from at&t. i try everythin uninstallin it, turnin phone on and  off.
lentwentyfive ratingone when i try to play i open the app but it just shows me the temple run image and after waitin for 5 minutes it quits.
lenfortysix ratingone i  have it on my iphone 4s but i wanna play on a bigger screen but i guess im gonna have to keep playin it on my iphone -.-  apparently a lot of people cant play this game in an lg thrill please imanji studios fix this issue !
lenseven ratingone we don wanna keep playin temple run 1!
lenseven ratingfive i dont like it, i loved it!
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lensix ratingfive the temple runs keep getting better.
lentwo ratingfive htc inspire.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingthree new update has made my game work slow.
lensixtyseven ratingone why becomes laggy when i change graphics from better to best?i have 1.5 ghz tegra 3 quadcore processor.another problem is it says 100 coin bonus in abilities power up when gem powered but it still gives 50 coin bonus.one more problem is i have already magnet power & if i take another magnet power it's not overriding it.means it stays time by the first magnet power.fix.
lenfourteen ratingone update:still upper problems not solved still laggy while setting graphics better to best.
lenfour ratingfive koool game awesome graphics
lenfour ratingfive nice and great game.
lenfive ratingfour thank you for the update.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet
leneleven ratingfive there should be more characters but love the game fabulous graphics
lenseven ratingfive better than 1st temple run .enjoying it full
leneight ratingfive harder than the first but a lot bettet
lenten ratingfive this game is very good compair to previews temple run
lensixteen ratingfive i have enjoyed playing this for the past few days, much better than the previous version
leneleven ratingtwo the first time i downloaded it it was a back ground
lenfour ratingfour it's more fun.
leneight ratingfour glitches a bit on my gs3 but okay overall.
lentwo ratingfour super fun.
lennineteen ratingfour i love the game but its always freezing/lagging i cant get thru one game with out it lagging
lennine ratingfive this game is fun to play and highly addictive!
lenthree ratingfive loved this game.
lenthree ratingfive superb improved game. ?
lenten ratingfive love this game ever since the first one came out
lentwelve ratingfive if you liked the first one you will definitely like this version.
lenfourteen ratingfive great graphics update, love the new obstacles and overall its just a great game.
lennineteen ratingfive there are a few bugs and lag issues but i'm sure most of them will be fixed soon.
lentwentyone ratingfive **update** the newest update speed the game up a lot no more lags and overall it just runs a lot smoother.
lenten ratingone not stand a chance against subway surfer  shame on you
lennine ratingfour i really don't like temple run that much.
lenfifteen ratingfour i installed this out of curiosity of why my friends have been hooked to it.
leneight ratingfour it's really way better than its predecessor.
lenfive ratingfive it is superb challanging game.
lenfour ratingfive first version was easy.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are awesome its like 3d.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i try to open up the app and it freezes at the imangi screen.
lenten ratingtwo after that, it makes me return to my home screen.
lenfive ratingfive no 1 game of all time
lenten ratingfour its slightly laggy but it works great 90% of the time.
lennine ratingfive it is a wonderful game i had ever seen
lenfourteen ratingfour keeps lagging otherwise good sure the bugs v will be worked out soon enough
lensix ratingfive really cool n god like graphics.
lenthree ratingtwo ill try first.
lenten ratingfour sensitivity could be increased, my swipes don't always register
lentwentyseven ratingfour this game is an awesome one.thumbs up for imangi.wow game.the best graphics ever.and plays well even on 1ghz.just lags sometimes.get it now.
leneight ratingfive its much better than temple run 1.love it
lenten ratingfive this game is the best game that i have played.
lenten ratingfive awesome game.much bettr than da first one.go imangi
lenseventeen ratingtwo its a nice game with some new features but not as addictimg as the first one was
lenten ratingfive way more adicting than the first temple run its awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive it's 1 of the best things to do during ur spare time!
lenfive ratingfive exciting and addicting to play!
lensix ratingfive alot better than 1st one, graphics, gameplays.
lennine ratingfive wish to have more character's motion and emotions.
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
leneleven ratingone i can't even play this game, 'cause it keeps crashing.
leneleven ratingone (galaxy s) still doesn't work, even with the recent patch.
lenseventeen ratingfive the best thing about this game is is not addictive but yet excellent to pass some time.
leneleven ratingfive i absolutely love temple run 2 and would recommend it to everybody!
lentwo ratingfive great app :-) :-) :-) :-)
lenfortytwo ratingfive using gems to upgrade powers doesn't work right, using gems to continue occasionally crashes the game, you can't pick up a power when an identical one is active, and boost throw you off ledges almost every time after a rope.
lennine ratingfive i suggest saving your gems until this is fixed.
lensixteen ratingfive and don't bother upgrading coin magnet, you now have to pay for double value coins.
lenfive ratingfive still a solid game though.
lenseven ratingfive new update fixed most of the bugs!
leneighteen ratingfive pretty much the same as its prequel, only prettier to watch, and that's just fine by me!
lentwo ratingfive grt graphics.
lenseven ratingfive awesome tym killer itz bst one than 1st
lenthirtyfour ratingfive it really is better than the previous one, honestly i wasn't really fond of it, until i learned that there was very 2 and the first time i played it,  i instantly got hooked!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenseven ratingfive so glad that the team enhanced it!
lenfive ratingfive more power to the staff! :)
leneight ratingfive though its kinda hard than the first one! :-)
leneight ratingfive i love this game one of my favorites
lenthirtyfour ratingfour this is amazing game!,but on my galaxy tab 2 when i open temple run 2 the screen of loading is not compatible with my galaxy tab 2,please fix it and i can give you 5 star
lenfour ratingfive great on my nexus 7
lentwo ratingfive jus awesome!
lenfive ratingfive awsome but could be better
leneight ratingfive follow at @punjabi_rulling  kik at @param_deep
lentwelve ratingfive nice , nice very fun , cool game temple run 2 blew out subway surfers ! :)
lenseventeen ratingtwo this game is good and an improvement on the first but it keeps freezing and force closing.
lensixteen ratingthree takes a long time to load, frequently crashes, and laggy on my one year old phone.
lentwo ratingfive sema game.
lenthree ratingfive nice to play
lentwenty ratingthree this would be awesome except everytime i collect over 2500 coins, the next time i die i lose most of them.
lenthree ratingfive my favourite game
lenseven ratingfour big improvement from the original temple run!
leneleven ratingfour i'm impressed at how well put together this game is.
lenten ratingfour besides a slight lag, i am pleased with this game.
lenten ratingfive needs to add sensitivity option and still lags a little
lenfortythree ratingfive so good, such nice graphics  runs super smoothly  a little problem is that when ur in the minecart, it sometimes takes a while to respond as if u turn ur device to turn the cart it moves slowly and sometimes doesn't respond.
lennine ratingfive this usually results in a un-wanted, untimed death
lenthree ratingfive addicting or whatttt
lenfive ratingfive its very addicting but great
lenten ratingfive love this game - thanks so much for all your efforts!
lenseventeen ratingfive calibration from side to side need to be adjusted to be faster with out tilting so much.
lenthirteen ratingfive lags a tiny bit sometimes but i'm sure optimization will fix that.
lenten ratingfive oo and it is too easy now for skilled players!
lentwentyfive ratingfive kind of ruins it, the save me option should be used like the wings in temple run 1 because than it had to be manually applied.
lenseventeen ratingfive makes a difference when competing with friends, now it does not have that vibe to it anymore.
lenthree ratingfive using optimus g
lenseven ratingfive i got throughthe rail n really exciting!
lennineteen ratingfour whenever im hearing a song while playing this game the song just automatically stops playing and its really irritating
lenfive ratingfive the app isn't crap .
lensix ratingfive your phone is the crappy one!
lenseven ratingfive works gud on s2 great graphics enjoying game
lenfive ratingfour good stuff n very addictive
lennine ratingfive excellent game, much better than temple run the original.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenten ratingthree its ok but doesn't match up to subway surfers
lenfive ratingfive best game all the time!
lenten ratingfive this is awesome its so much better then temple run 1
lenthirtytwo ratingfive awesome game,a bit lag on my device,bt i knw tats my phone problem,cz my phone only hv single core,i love tis game~hope i will see temple run3 soon
lenfour ratingfive graphics are much better.
lenten ratingfive whoever does not like this game bite my shiny metal ***.
lenten ratingfive the 3d is amazing love this game.i gave it 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingfive wasnt a big fan of the first temple run but this #2 is awesome
lenthree ratingfive best adventure game.
lenfive ratingfive p3 like developer logic and coding.
lenfourteen ratingtwo beat my highest score by like 4 million, died, tried using 4 gems to revive myself.
lentwo ratingtwo force closes.
lenten ratingtwo didn't count that run and took my gems anyways!
lenseven ratingtwo stop trolling me and fix this imangi!
lensix ratingfive it can be some more better
lenthree ratingfive overall great game
lenfour ratingfive nice job very exciting.
lenten ratingfive nice app to kill time with addictive challenges.love it
lenfourteen ratingfive this is my favourite game right now and a great sequel to the first.
lentwenty ratingfive only thing i could suggest you fix is sometimes it's hard to tell when you are supposed to turn.
leneight ratingfive maybe make the backround more noticeable at turns.
lenfour ratingfive good game, tempting one
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
leneight ratingfive i was facing bugs, but now don't.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i was playing this game and i was around 14000m+ then the 'battery low' notification came on the screen and ruined my game.
lentwentytwo ratingfour so it would be great if the game could pause when it comes up so i can continue where i left off.
lenfour ratingfive hats off the developers .
lenthree ratingone wont even load
lenfive ratingthree wish theres a sensitivity control
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingfive the locations and the objects that you face just make your heart race so fast.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwenty ratingfour i almost rate this excellent but it freezes everytime i score  more than 3million i wish they could fix this bug
lenfive ratingfive its to awesome to comment :-)
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenten ratingfive and how they have the rope thing and mine cart.
lentwo ratingfive looovvvvveeeee itt!
lentwo ratingfive perfect app!
lenfour ratingone temple run 2 is amazinnng!
lennine ratingone but why does this force close after every game!
lenfour ratingone i uninstalled and reinstalled!
leneleven ratingone added comment: updated it and it still wont let me play!
lenthree ratingone good job imangi.
lenfour ratingfive totally worth the wait!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenfive ratingfour duplicate objectives still not fixed.
lensixteen ratingfour i completed lifetime 1million meters run but it appears both on my completed objectives and current objectives.
lenthirteen ratingfive stay the away from this if u got exams or something productive coming
lenten ratingfive thanks for the update it is an awesome game cool:)
lenthree ratingfive awesome game buddt.
lensixteen ratingfour ahahaha me and my friends play this when we're not studying ahaha its very addicting.
leneight ratingfour although its very hard to get those gems.
lenseven ratingfour ahaha gems y u no show yourself!
lennine ratingfour ahaha aside from that its very fun to play
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneleven ratingfive too bad my phone just can't support well this game!
lenfive ratingfive this game is crazy awsome
lenfour ratingfour temple run 2 is fun
lenthirteen ratingfive this is one of the best app based game on the android platform.
lenseven ratingfive love the graphics, challenges, rewards and levels.
lentwo ratingfive simply superb!
lensix ratingfour i really enjoyed playing this game.
lennine ratingthree i love it it is better than, temple run 1
lensix ratingfive i love temple run 2 its amazing:-)
lenfive ratingfive wow.this game is awesome
lentwentythree ratingfive me and my 7y/o son play this game on a regular its a must have game.much better than the regular temple run : )
leneleven ratingfour great game, but laggy on my samsung galaxy wonder, fix it.!
lennine ratingfive works perfect on my note2 great grafics i ? this game
lenten ratingfive who wants best game yes it is your search complete
leneleven ratingthree it os funner but it has less options to buy things.
lenseven ratingfive amazing work imangi studies keep it up
lensix ratingfive can't stop playing this game!
lennine ratingone tilting effect is very poor compared to temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive i recommend to download
lenfour ratingfive just love the game.!
lenthirteen ratingone great game but now i can't tilt -_- on lg venice please fix
lenfive ratingfive cool,fast and awesome game
lenthree ratingfive thumbs up dudes
leneight ratingfour lil difficulty in catching d powerups during running.
lenfive ratingfour expect for tat excellent game.
lentwo ratingfour fantastic graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive it was an stupid update.before it was working f9 after update it is geting struck.!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game more better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive this game rox
lenseventeen ratingfour i think the second one surpasses the first anyday.awesome graphics and love the cart n zipline!
lenthree ratingfive yeah.expectations reached
lenthirtyone ratingfive omg u guys listend thanx so much my 1 star went to 5 stars it works perfect now no lag no crashes nothung thanx so much imangi u guys are the new rovio
lenfive ratingfive love love love thia game
lenseventeen ratingfive swiping left to right seems good and flawless until you're in the mine it hardly works.
lenthree ratingfive lg optimus black
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive nice games as usual
lenthree ratingfour wonderful exciting game!
leneight ratingfour an improvment over the first one, great graphics.
lennine ratingfive by far the best running ga me for android.
lenthirty ratingfour its ok for the most part.it freezes sometimes in the middle of the game and has some pop ups.but other than that i give it a thumbs up!
lenfour ratingfive best mobile game ever
lenten ratingfour best gand till date that i've on my android
lenfour ratingfive the buggy is awesome
lenthirtysix ratingfour lots of bugs.main complain is that of sensitivity and gestures.swipes don't get recognised often.end up losing the game on this.jump and swipe is almost impossible to pull off.boost 2000meters?more like 1000
lenfour ratingone wont let me play.
lenseven ratingone it force closes when i open it!
lensix ratingfour better then 1st part,  graphics  are awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfour it lags like crazy l, i give five star when stop the freezing
lenfour ratingfive live it, love it
lentwelve ratingfive it's great in almost every perspective, but it needs more players!
lenfourteen ratingfive that's the only thing that blocks this game's way to being number 1!
lenthirteen ratingfive great game best ever , glitches every now and again ,other than that great
lenthirteen ratingfive just add the option to increase sensitivity of the touch screen and accelerometer.
lenfour ratingfive fix the boost error !
leneight ratingfive feels a bit slow when compared to ios.
lensix ratingfive superb.game,better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive great graphic
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfour great game.great pic and grafis.
lenfifteen ratingone even after my boost power up finishes the player run with the same boosted speed.
leneleven ratingone and ultimately crashes cause the gameplay is too hard to handle.
lensix ratingfour runs smooth on gs3 on aokp rom.
lenseven ratingfour need to be able to change sensitivity.
lenfour ratingfour after that, five stars.
lennine ratingfive temple run does not cause anger, unlike fun run
lensix ratingfive please get the temple run 3,please
lenfourteen ratingfive i have no lag, bugs or problems of any kind on my droid razr.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i am very pleased to see such a significant upgrade from temple run; upgrades, gameplay (such as ropes and minecarts), challenges, gems and i really like the new power-up system.
lennine ratingone doesn't fully run on the htc invalid package
lentwenty ratingthree i hate when it freezes so much and always wants updates and when it gets updates it restarts frome scratch.
lentwentythree ratingthree it's a good game, except it'll get very laggy, and sometimes the character will 'jump' without me even touching the screen.
lennine ratingthree needs to be fixed but besides that, very fun.
leneleven ratingfive das spiel ist besser als lterem spiel d.h temple run-i
lentwelve ratingone even after the update it is still not opening, only force closing.
lentwentyone ratingfive ilove every thing new about the game every thing is so cool i can't stop playing the game download it!
lenthree ratingfive great adventure game.
lenninetyone ratingfive good game, however if noticed two bugs, first is randomly the run again button disappears and when i do play by going to the main menu, my guy gets stuck in the starting cave (minimize and open fixes it) second bug is when i use a headstart, it no longer records my distance properly and stops showing how far i'm getting, and i never get the blue and red coins for more money, i'm stuck with yellow even at 9,000m. so don't use headstart because its not helpful.
lensix ratingfive verry cool it is sooooo good
lenseven ratingfive its entertaining and make me shout.yeah
lennineteen ratingfour need to fix when you're on a  zipline and your speed boost ends you keep running fast forever
lenthirteen ratingfive my daughter downloaded it to play and now i can't stop loll.
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenseven ratingfive hope temple run 3 will come out soon.
lentwo ratingfive awesome gamee
lensix ratingfive i like very much temple run.
lenfour ratingfive its very intersting game.
lentwentythree ratingtwo this game stops and hangs a lot on my android despite the fact that my phone is equipped with a 1.5 dual core processor.
leneleven ratingtwo please fix this otherwise it would have been a 5 star app.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes closes when i touch on save me otherwise it is great.
leneleven ratingfive compare to earlier version temple run2 more edective and time killing game.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentythree ratingfive best graphics.the game like riding a roler coaster.cool features added.totally defferent fron temple run 1.cheerzzz imangi.plz reduce coins price.
lennineteen ratingfive it cool game but the tilting is s**t and the sometimes when i tilt i just die randomly
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfour great game but would recommend a sensitivity option
lensixteen ratingthree nice game but there should be option to adjust tilt senstivity overall the game is perfect
lenfive ratingfive awesome game for android phones.
lentwo ratingfive yeaah budday!
lenfive ratingfive new map and great graphics
lensix ratingfive it is good game.thank you.
lensix ratingfive ten times better than the first.
lenten ratingfive i'm glad it came out on the android devices.
leneleven ratingfour this game is even better than the rest of my games
lenfifteen ratingfive nah just joking best game ever guys out there looking 4 a coool game get this 1
lensix ratingfive just 1 thing, wheres the football guy? :(
lensix ratingfive i thought the original was fun.
lenthree ratingfive tr2 is outright addictive!
leneighteen ratingfour causes severe overheating and lagging in xperia s after 4 to 5 mins of play but works great until then.
lenfive ratingfour and we want montana smith
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive sexy game graphics
lenfive ratingtwo omg it takes ur coins!
lenfour ratingtwo you cant save any!
lenthirteen ratingtwo it will have u pay for an upgrade thats like in ur face.
lensixteen ratingtwo o and if you would get rid of the roof in the ground that would help.
lentwelve ratingtwo and i would love if u take out the rail rode traks.
lenfive ratingtwo and put in more gems.
lentwentyone ratingthree definitely like the gameplay, fun, fast and furious, runs good on my device, a really good time passer with nice graphics.
lentwentyfive ratingthree updates are huge and for those of us on 3g still probably agree that that's huge and takes a long time, but over all satisfactory.
lennine ratingone it can't be installed on my android tablet!
lentwo ratingone (huawei ideos)
lenseventeen ratingfour i like this game but i find that sometimes my actions don't actually work (game bug)
leneight ratingfive its better than temple run 1.i love it
lensixteen ratingtwo after the newest update 1.0.1.1, the 1m lifetime meters objective is still here after i did it once.
lenten ratingfive i think it's a huge improvement from the original.
lentwo ratingthree wonderful game
lennine ratingfour good game but i experienced a few small "errors"
lenthirtysix ratingfour if i use the character's powerup (for example, magnet) and get a magnet item while the powerup is in use, it has no effect, as if i never got the item in the first place!
lenfifteen ratingfour instead the duration of the item should be added to the duration of the powerup.
lenthirty ratingfour while playing the game, there have been numerous times where i would swipe the screen to turn the character but it did not respond, thus resulting in a game over.
lenfour ratingfour pls consider this thanks
lenthirteen ratingfive it's really wonderful to play the graphics r really great i give 5star
lenfourteen ratingthree i like the game but it always keeps freezing up.don't like it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenseven ratingfive thanks for bringing it to google play.
lenfive ratingfive brilliant graphics.just love it
leneleven ratingtwo the game wont even wont get past the loading loading screen
lennine ratingfive the only thing better might be a 3rd temple run.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice sequeal
lenfifteen ratingfour please add online leaderboard for this game and it worth to be five star game
leneleven ratingfour time flies when i start playing it.that much its good
lenfifteen ratingthree monkey still chases you even after you jumped a chasm or slide under a log.
lenfive ratingthree makes the game less realistic
lenten ratingfive nice what you have done, but not to much heroes.
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome thriller experience .nice & very confusing graphics .enjoy a lot wide dis game
lenthree ratingone very bad game.
lenfive ratingone cant cantroll please fix it.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is far more amazing than the first temple run, the graphics are great, plus it feels better visually and gameplay wise.
lensixteen ratingfive fun, addicting, its like a whole new world that you'll never want to stop playing.
lenfive ratingfive the best game hands down.
lennineteen ratingfour it has fit on my screen now.tnx.but sometimes it is a little bit laggy pls fix it.
lenfifteen ratingfive like the way this game has been optimized for all devices including the graphics setting. .
lenthree ratingfive very fun game.
lenten ratingfive wish i could find more time to play it though.
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run
lenten ratingthree great game and a good upgrade from the first one.
leneight ratingthree but very buggy and it kills the character.
lenfour ratingthree needs some lag fixes.
lenthree ratingthree lags even worse.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
leneight ratingtwo can play first version but not this one
lennine ratingfive great graphics added to great gameplay of the original!
lentwelve ratingone i bought 400000 coins, i got charged but didn't get the coins.
lensix ratingfive got lags,  input lags,  and crashes.
lensix ratingfive oh,  and startup takes too long.
lentwenty ratingone i've seen great comment however, it crashes right before i can play the game on my type of phone.
leneight ratingone please fix this, i would love to play!
lenten ratingfive amazing gme.,plz fix imangi studios logo for my fone
lentwenty ratingone when i had broken my two million highscore, right before using green gem to save myself, the end force closes.
lennineteen ratingfive i downloaded it and tried to play it, but after 3mins of waiting it crashes then force close.please fix.
lenthirteen ratingfive love the game its so addicting better than the first one i think.
lenthree ratingfive love the gameplay
lenfive ratingfive but please add tilt senstivity
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i'm so addicted
lenthirteen ratingfour a good game indeed was bored with tr1 ediotic backgrnd this is smthing new
lenfive ratingfour game is sexy to play.
lenthree ratingfour its worth playin.
lennine ratingone and i never played it let alone downloaded it.
lenten ratingfour better than temple run \m/  but, it lags a lot.
lentwentysix ratingfour i'm on a note ii and i'm used to playing a lot of high graphic games and i've never had problems with them.
lentwentyfour ratingfour also a power up taken if taken a second time before the first one times out, the second one taken isn't getting counted.
lenfive ratingfour that's a huge disadvantage.
leneight ratingfive very nice game and better than first part.
lenfive ratingfive it is very excellent  game.
lenfive ratingfive omg so much better then #1!
leneight ratingfour nyc game.to play when u r free.
lennine ratingtwo this game lags too much and sensitivity really bad.
lenfive ratingfive working gud on my phn
leneight ratingfive when i want to jump it doesnt jump
lennineteen ratingtwo not doubt that is a good game.however, it almost use up all of my ram when it operate.
leneight ratingtwo hope to fix this problem in next version!
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive great game to play
leneight ratingfive well i enjoy my time playing this game
lenten ratingfive i like this game so much more than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive i'm addicted lol
lensix ratingfive awesome!comparatively good one than first :)
lensix ratingfour receives frequent but very useful updates.
lenfifteen ratingfour the graphics are good (don't expect horn quality) and the game play is addictive.
lenfive ratingfour like need detox from tr2 addictive!
lentwentyone ratingfour the power ups on a hill are hard to obtain and i wish the objective would show on the pause menu.
lenseven ratingfour awesome but not really fluid in swipe
lenten ratingfive this is my far the funnest game in google play.
lenfive ratingfive can't wait til temple 3!
lentwo ratingfive exelent graphics.
lenthree ratingfive looking forward the 3
lenfourteen ratingfive its a very addictive game.love to play temple run and now temple run 2.
lenfiftyseven ratingfive at first i hated it would not open on my phone i would try to go to it and it would just gi to the loading screen then went to my home screen now i uninstalled and reinstalled and now its fine yay so happy lets hope it wont give me the error it was giving me :)
lenfour ratingfive game of all time
lenseven ratingfive it fun and better than trmple run 1
lenfive ratingfive nice game for time pass
leneight ratingfive you guys just need to get new phones?
lenten ratingfive you know you have a crappy phone and you complain?
lenfifteen ratingfive its not like the developer is going to make your little laggy phone run smoothly.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwenty ratingone everytime i hit 3500 coins it buys a boost even if i don't want it and it lags a lot.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenseventeen ratingfive exellent game, he upgrade from the last game are asome and the new game features are stunning
lenfourteen ratingfour but the wings not in it and too much things u have to acces
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics thnks editor
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun!
lensix ratingfive it works smoothly on my canvas 2.
lenfive ratingfive u will enjoy this game
lennine ratingfive i love it,  working perfectly to htc desire hd
lensix ratingtwo keeps crashing whenever i open it.
leneight ratingtwo please fix it cause i love this game!
lentwentyone ratingfour nice graphics, cool motions, the new features are great, but it lags too much, thus i die when jumping or turning.
lensix ratingfour like it but im 5 years old
lennine ratingfive very additive i can play for 5 or 6 hours constantly
lenfourteen ratingtwo a fun game, but the glitching implementation makes it unplayable past a certain point.
lentwelve ratingtwo another developer shafting android users to waste resources on the iphone side.
leneight ratingfour nice but not better than temple run part 1
lensixteen ratingfive yah.its great .the bugs is fixed and now i can play it with full screen
lennine ratingfive i love it better than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive this game just rocks!
lenfourteen ratingfive dev team is always on top of updates and the game is just endless.
lensix ratingfive would def pay for this game!
lentwo ratingfive nic game
lenfour ratingfive an advice to players.
lenseven ratingfive d game wrks smoothly on flight mode.
lennine ratingfive its on my tablet thanks for creating this game
lennine ratingfour a very nice game much better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive its hard for me to download.
lenseven ratingfive it's running on my xperia j
leneleven ratingfour it is very nice game but still it needs some improvements
lensix ratingfive really nice game.nd its free.
lenfortythree ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)
lensix ratingfive graphicss r really good in samsung tab2!
lennine ratingfive the game s much more better than temple run 1
lenfourteen ratingthree the game became more difficult than the previous version because tilting is very rigid.
lenfour ratingthree previous game runs smoother.
lensix ratingthree there should be a sensitivity option.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game on my s3 feels like im playin on my xbox360.best game ever. .
lenthree ratingfive great new game.
lenfour ratingfive much more challenging than tr1.
lenfourteen ratingfive and gems give u something to play for even once you unlocked the powerups
lentwenty ratingthree tilt sensitivity needs to be more sensitive, i dont want to be turning my whole body to tilt the phone
leneleven ratingone bought 50,000 this morning and still hasnt showed up, dont use store
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenten ratingfour great game, great colour and new adventures to be ad.
lennine ratingfive just as fun as the original, and then some!
lenfour ratingfive best of temple runs!
lenten ratingfive works well in my device sometimes it lags but playable.
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff.
lenfive ratingfive very smooth and excellent graphics.
lentwo ratingfive thanks guys
lensix ratingtwo not open on my htc desire
lenthree ratingfive awsum  luv it
lenthree ratingfive mast ha  yaaro
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive very addictive better then da first 1!
lenfour ratingfive really fun to play
lennine ratingfive very nice game i feel afraid when i fall :)
lenthree ratingfour its kool :) thanx
lentwentyone ratingthree it's not as much fun to play on ios or android due to the heavy lag and inconsistent frame rate.
leneight ratingthree somehow temple run is smoother than this one
lentwo ratingfive tllt tilt!
lenfour ratingfour grafix are much better.
lensixteen ratingfive works smoothly on my note 2 even in power saving mode wherein the cpu performance is limited.
lenfourteen ratingfive works fine as well on my old x10i, although it takes a bit to load. ?
lenseven ratingfive i am impressed by the new changes.
lenfive ratingfive works great on my tecno n3
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive thanks to you guys!
lenseven ratingfive a little laggy though but its perfect.
lentwenty ratingthree don't like the way,  the screen builds up,  controls are delayed,  compared to original this seems rushed and unfinished
lennine ratingthree fantastic game, great graphics for auto run phone game.
lenthirteen ratingthree new ablities/power ups are awesome, especially since they can both be used.
lenseven ratingthree terrible bug as 'boost' is highly useful.
lennine ratingfive comparede to temple run 2 temple run 1 is so stoopid
lenthree ratingfive needs better graphics.
lenten ratingfive no problems for me  it fun and exciting  like it!
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it worked perfectly before but now it keeps crashing after the i in ghetto beginning i give 3 stars for now but till you fix i'll make it 5 stars when you do
lenfive ratingtwo but still lagging on nexus 4.
lenseven ratingtwo will change my rating after the fix.
leneight ratingfive it's work on my xperia mini pro.
lentwo ratingfive grt graphics.
lenseven ratingfive awesome tym killer itz bst one than 1st
leneight ratingone it is not being downloaded on my motorala xt720
lenfour ratingfive no game like this
leneight ratingfour awesome game play.but lags now and then. :(
leneleven ratingfive supervvvvv awesome.it's a aditing game.play and enjoy well.
lenthree ratingfive fantastic game play.
lenthree ratingfive love this upgrade.
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi
lennine ratingone no issues buying upgrades but unable to use them.
lenseven ratingfive if u r a temple run fan .
lentwo ratingfive great grafix .
lenfive ratingthree graphic are not working properly
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive i cant stop playing it lol
lensix ratingfive best game ever with awesome graphics
lentwo ratingthree lags sometimes .
lentwo ratingthree otherwise great .
lenfive ratingthree graphics have to be improved
lenseven ratingthree very addictive game and i love it.
lenthirteen ratingthree only problem is every coin i own disappears everytime i finish a run.
lenfortysix ratingfour i like the game features because of all the new stuff that has been added on but the storage space is.too much and i can't store it on my phone but the first temple run had less space so it was easy to download.
leneight ratingfive works great and better than the first one
lentwo ratingfour addicting game.
lenfive ratingone still stays on the logo
lentwo ratingfive yeah buddy
lennine ratingfive good game, worth downloading just give it a try
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lentwo ratingfive better graphics
lenfive ratingfour bakit wala share sa facebook?
lentwo ratingfour sana magkaron.
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsom
lenfive ratingfive love this game.best 1 ever.?
lennine ratingfour a very very hard but very very great game.
lenfive ratingfour just a bit of lags.
leneight ratingfour and please add zack wonder and montana smith. :)
lennineteen ratingone you go on it and it says the company name for a few mins and then it shuts down.
lenfour ratingone (on my motorola defy)
lenfour ratingfive my top score 12,300,000+ note 2
leneighteen ratingone after waiting for the much needed update, temple run 2 still doesn't load up on my lg thrill.
lentwelve ratingone it used to work when i first downloaded it and stopped working.
lentwelve ratingone it takes a couple seconds on imangi studios before it force closes.
lenseven ratingone i loved temple run 2 when it worked.
lenfour ratingfive ek numbr itsz grt
lenthirteen ratingfive this is soooooooo awsome whoever sais its not i don't like them
lentwo ratingfive excellent sequel.
lenseven ratingfive it puts more temple in temple run
lentwelve ratingfive this is a great game, it's very addictive, i love it.
lenfourteen ratingthree really great game but can you fix this game for sony xperia sola users?
leneight ratingthree the floating touch activated by itself,really annoying.
lenfour ratingfour haven't updated it.
lenseven ratingfour coz in my phone it runs perfectly.
lensix ratingfour can't wait for temple run 3.
lensix ratingfive wht a gme nce to play
lentwo ratingfive nice grafics
lennineteen ratingone i would really love to play this game but every time i try to open it, it force closes.
leneight ratingone i've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, no luck.
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awsome.
lenseven ratingfive and?the giant monkey is cray-cray.
lenseven ratingone doesn't work on my lg thrill.
lentwo ratingone negative 5 stars
leneight ratingfour its is a fun game, able to run 29000m.
lenten ratingfour however, rhe achievements at the end are a bit ridiculous.
lenthirteen ratingfour i need lock in 1000000 lifetime coins n distance, and 500000 lifetime coins for lvl 9.
lenten ratingfour the dist is ok, but 1mil coins total, im at 175000 only.
lenfive ratingfour plz change it a bit.
lensix ratingfive please add more objectives .already finished!
lenfour ratingfive awesome high flying stuff
lentwo ratingfive nice gaming!
leneighteen ratingfive but it dont work on my ace but this comment has been posted from my fathers galaxy note
lenfour ratingfive excellent.graphics.amazing game
lenfive ratingfive this game really entertain people.
lenten ratingthree good game but it's lagging after the new update
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i can't listen to my favourite songs while playing this game becos my music player stops when game opens fix it
lensix ratingfive no problem with my galaxy note 2
lenfour ratingone cannot update temple run 2 .
lentwo ratingone invalid package
lenseven ratingfive great game less lags that temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome!
lennine ratingfive great obstacles, and i love what they've added :]
lenseventeen ratingthree i maxed out the ability where it cost less to use ur headstart but its still costing 2000.
lenfifteen ratingthree it said it wud be reduced by 2500 and i wasted 50000 on the last level up
lentwo ratingfive great game'
lentwentysix ratingone game has become worse after the recent update its laggy.looks like the character has been purposely forced to hit the rock .or not to turn .
leneleven ratingone have 800000, still it says to complete 500000 coins, even after new update
lensix ratingtwo goddamn monkey too big this time.
lenten ratingtwo blocks the view.also jumps nt accurate like previous version
lentwo ratingfive sexy game
lenthree ratingfive great game play
lentwo ratingfive brill game
leneleven ratingfive this game is so addictive, can't wait for the 3rd one :)
lenfour ratingfive smooth on my device!
lentwo ratingfive super game
lentwelve ratingfive works smooth in full graphics.but first had better color n contrast .
lennine ratingfive amazing experience for a temle run fan.love it.!
lenseven ratingfour good game deff more challenging then the 1st.
leneight ratingfive before i could master temple run 1i discovered this.
lenfive ratingfive even more challenging and entertaining!
lenfive ratingfour uses up battery seriously quick.
lenseven ratingone still not working in my motorola defy.
lenfour ratingone still need more updates
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lentwentyone ratingfive love it, works well with nexus 7, great graphics & i would say that it's probably the greatest game in the galaxy. . .
lennine ratingfive di ko na nagawa mga assignments ko dahil dito!
lensix ratingfive man i just love dis game
lennine ratingthree my earned coins keep vanishing, even after the update.
lenfive ratingfive good game i ever played.
lenten ratingfive but the shadow always in left side of the runer. :)
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive a great sequel.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive all the bugs seem to have been taken care of with the update.
lentwelve ratingfive i still had to complete my circumnavigator objetive the second time though.
lennine ratingfive i like this one way more than the first!
leneight ratingfive it is a nice improvement from the original.
lensix ratingfive way better than the 1st temple run
lenfour ratingfive its an ossom game.
lenfive ratingfive more adventerous than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive train trips fly by!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so bad @Ё
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfive earlier there was probs.
lentwentyone ratingfive related to resolution but after updating game, it works all fine on my samsung galaxy chat b5330 gr8 job keep it up guys
lensix ratingfive very very different from temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive super time for entertainmentt
lenseven ratingfive very good game, i just love it
lensix ratingfour very nice game with wonderful graphics.
lenfour ratingfive the most addictive game
lenfive ratingfive super adventure n wonderful game
lensixteen ratingthree i have updated this app but still it shows the objectives which i have completed already .
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive very exited game.
lenfour ratingfive amazing game gr8 work imangi
leneight ratingfive it has great graphics than the first one!
lentwentynine ratingone i love temple run but when i try to open it on my motorola xprt it will go to the part where it says imangi studios and then crash.
lenthree ratingone time to uninstall
lenfiftyone ratingthree there are so many cheats available to download which makes the not enjoyable anymore because all my friends have cheated the game to get their high score when they are not good cos people have played over and over to get high score and some people to cheat just like that!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive new temple run tranform from stone age application to dynamic apps.
lentwelve ratingthree it's a good game, but not as smooth as temple run 1.
lentwentyseven ratingone it wont even let me open the app to play the game takes me straight to home page.really sucks cause i hear its a great game
lentwelve ratingone after starting the game and coming back to home, phone fully freezes.
lentwelve ratingone even if the game is started by mistakely or for a minute
lenseven ratingfive i am totally waiting for temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive i can wait to play it ;-)
lentwo ratingfive top malli!
lenthirteen ratingone the game wont let me play when i turn it on.needs update.
lenfifteen ratingthree i think this game is ok but i still like the first one way better
leneight ratingfive excellent work done this app rocks on android
lenfour ratingfive i love diz game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive its awesome .m.m luv did game.
leneight ratingfive really great game this one option us missing
lenfourteen ratingthree ok, i dont if its on my phone but i think no, heres why.
lenfiftynine ratingthree ok so for example there is a gem or a coin magnet or something, ofcours you need to jump, so when i jumped its like delayed although at first temple run, it was not like that, i knew my timing, like i knew when will i swipe up, but in temole run it does not happen like the 1st one.
lentwentyfive ratingthree and i hope that we could do an achievement all the time, like you dont have to finish something first before u getbto the others
lenseven ratingfive i love it so much sooo fun
lenthree ratingfour runs very smooth.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely smooth.
lenseven ratingfour it hangs sometimes,and sometimes works slow.
lentwelve ratingfive great upgrade from the previous one.one of the few must have
lensix ratingfive works flawlessly on high-end tablet.
lentwelve ratingfive please add more achievements and new locations unlockable with $$$ or crystalls, perhaps?
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is almost perfect, just keep evolving it -the possibilies are endless.
lentwelve ratingone i was really looking forward to this game but it wont open.
lentwelve ratingone it goes to the first page but then force closes plz fix
lenfifteen ratingfive nah just joking best game ever guys out there looking 4 a coool game get this 1
leneight ratingfive great game.enjoying it since the first day!
lenten ratingfive love both games & keep my  g-babies busy for hours
lentwo ratingfive simply marvelous.
lenfive ratingfive highly addictive and smooth gamplay.
lenfour ratingfive khatarnak graphics, full 10/10 star .
lenfive ratingfour panami-a nyu pa gid.
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is insanely addicting and extremely fun, and has really nice graphics!
lenthirteen ratingfour would give 5 stars but sometimes it freezes in the middle of a game.
lentwo ratingfour droid razr
lenfive ratingfour it got worsen after updating.
leneight ratingfour it was okay and much better before updating.
lenfive ratingfour it lags after updating tho.
lenseven ratingfour try to fix it, please :) thank you
lenfive ratingfive this is a fantastic game.
leneight ratingfive i like it very much n enjoying it.
lentwo ratingfive nic game
lenseven ratingfive no game is better than this game
lenseven ratingfive i am so gripped to this game. .
lenseven ratingfive it keeps me up late till night. .
lenthree ratingfive awsome  game friends.
lenseven ratingfour an enjoyable and simple game to play.
lenfour ratingfive what a game superbbbb
lenfive ratingfive excellent but a lil glitchy
leneight ratingfive the goals/achievements frustrate me but very fun!
lenfour ratingfive runs great galaxy siii
lenfour ratingfive the game is fantastic.
lentwelve ratingfour i can't get magnet booster even though i have complete level 5.
lentwo ratingfive nice game .
lentwo ratingfour nyc game
lenfive ratingfive good game and its fun
lennine ratingfive so much fun when i'm on the airplane.
lenthirteen ratingfive i would definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to have fun .
lensixteen ratingfive great game, fantastic graphics i love the added obstacles so much better then the first one.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game play
leneleven ratingthree pretty happy with the game but where's the football player.
leneight ratingthree add new things and it'll b 5 stars :)
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing game better than the original one if d best in play store great graphics.祁祁祁祁
leneighteen ratingfive omg this is soooo much fun that i got my phone taken away @ school for playing this game
lenfive ratingfive my kids love it too.
lensixteen ratingfive i would like the option to start back up where you last were when you lost.
lenthree ratingfive no biggie tho.
lennine ratingfive loads of fun, best game to pass the time
lenthirteen ratingfour good game, but i got to say it doesn't have the "addictive"
lenfour ratingfive awesum game must have
lennine ratingfive it will be the world's best addicted game
lentwentyfour ratingfour but after the update the game started to log on my optimus l3. :( pls fix. want this game badly. more the power to the developers! :)
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenseven ratingfive and looks great on my galaxy s 3.
lentwo ratingfive nice update.
lenthirtynine ratingfour addicting game.overall graphics nd performance is good on my galaxy tab 2 but only issue is sensitivity.i need to tilt ma tab a lot.whch i didnt like.plsss fix it asap.thn i'll rate five stars.
lenseventeen ratingfive nice game but tuff than 1st temple run excellent job by imangi studios thanks for create d game
lenfive ratingfive waaaaaay better that the first
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive the finest game i ever played!
lentwo ratingfive highly recomend !
lentwo ratingfour fab game
leneight ratingfive it's a lot better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingone realy bad graphics.bad game
lentwenty ratingfive great game but my objectives come up twice and are at different stages so i have to complete them twice.
lensix ratingfive awesome and better than temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive we need more games from imangi.let lauch more app.5 star.
lentwo ratingfive nice play
lenthirteen ratingfive i can't say anything about liking this game but m loving it!;);););)
lensix ratingfour ok but i still like it
lentwentysix ratingfive was a top class game n hatsoff to the makers for d great work.cool graphics much more intresting n ya d ape z faadu man
lenthree ratingfive excellent as expected
lenthree ratingfive quality based work
lenthree ratingfive loved the details
lenseven ratingfive developers have done a really great job.
lennine ratingfive the new update is incredible fixed all the bugs.
lenfive ratingfive best gift on my vacation.
lenseven ratingfive no one game is better than this.
lenfour ratingfive god bless you developers.
lentwelve ratingfive before the most previous update made on 02.01.13, temple run 2 lagged a lot.
lenthirteen ratingfive but then i updated it, and now it works so fast and smoothly!
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addictive!
lenthirteen ratingfive good follow up to the original which i feel was also a hit
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneleven ratingfive looks like the issue on ics sola has been fixed. :d
lennine ratingthree after i update my temple run 2, it becomes laggy.
lenten ratingfive takes while to load but awesomeness is in there somewhere
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenfour ratingfive great game defo reccomend =)
lenfifteen ratingfive the game is very good with nice graphics and good improvements but still need something
lenthree ratingtwo motion sensors problem
lenseven ratingfive very beautiful and marvellous game.addictive game
lenfortysix ratingfive amazing work imangi studios you do have the brains to do that even though im only 9 years old my name is alex i live in dyserth  i stillthinkyou shouldbe better than minecraft witch i do have but idont go on it anymore so a big thankyoufromme
lentwentyone ratingfive i wondered that temple run 1 was so amazing how could'nt temple run 2 be it's 2 times better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive it is cool game to play
lenfifteen ratingfive no lag in samsung wonder the temple run brave was very lag on my device
leneleven ratingfive great adventure and graphic in the new season of this game.
lenseven ratingfive no lag on whatsoever on xperia s
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 has awesome graphics.
lennine ratingfive this is way better then the original temple run.
lenseven ratingfive it is the cause of my insomia.
lenseven ratingfive cant sleep till i finish every level
lenfive ratingfive watta game good job imangi
lenseven ratingfive it is more advance than previous  one
lentwo ratingfour great game
lennineteen ratingfive in my opinion this game is a lot better than the original temple run; keeps me occupied for hours!
lenfive ratingfive works great on htc sensation.
lentwentyfour ratingfive my only problem is that i can never seem to find any gems compared to the ios version but oh well, probably my fault
lenfifteen ratingthree i like this game but what the hell ive collected coins why suddenly its gone?
lenthree ratingfive out standing game
lenten ratingfive better and more of a challenge than the first one!
lensix ratingfive the besst of the besst games 4ever.
lensix ratingfive this game is fuckin sick man
lennine ratingfive played well on both my gnote and my nexus 7
lenthree ratingfive none playing game.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenseven ratingone does not work nicely in android mobile.
lenseven ratingone touch is not good as in iphone
lensix ratingthree this nice and i love it
leneleven ratingfive way to go.guys much better obstacles than d first one
lenseven ratingfour just doesnt turn some times needs fix
lenthree ratingone i lose money
leneight ratingfive i like it.itz a heart shaking game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingone cant play cuz of many freezs!
lensix ratingfive siraaaa game aaa 22 g,,,,puru awosome,,,
leneleven ratingfive what an amazing game :) this reserves better than 5 stars by far
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better then the 1st one.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting!
lentwo ratingfive nice job !
lenthree ratingfive omg rely nice
lenfive ratingfive this game is good game ;)
lenthirteen ratingthree it keeps randomly throwing me against the sides.my accelerometer is perfectly fine :/
lenfive ratingfour this game is relly addictive
lennine ratingfive best game and sure beats out its copy cats
lentwentythree ratingthree while im going more into the game, everytime i swipe up, down, left, or right,  the swipe wouldnt move my character fast enough.
leneight ratingfive a little laggy at times but still epic
lensix ratingfive very nice app totally loved it
lensix ratingfour i enjoy when ever i play
lenten ratingfour for some reason my character keeps bumping into the side.
lennine ratingfour for sure is not the lag from my tablet.
lensix ratingfive good game en i love t
lensix ratingfour much more exciting than the first.
lentwelve ratingfour definitely more colorful and they made it easier to gain more upgrades.
lennine ratingfive osm supb game i evr plyd frnzzzz temple run 2?
lenthree ratingfour fun loving game.
lenseven ratingone i must have tried downloading five times.
lenten ratingone i was really excited because i love the first one
lentwo ratingfive wow ganda
lentwo ratingfive supero superu
lenseven ratingfour it lags in between.but overall good.
lentwo ratingfive superb animation
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lenthree ratingfive addictive and brilliant
lenfiftyfour ratingfive simply outstanding.the visuals pretty good visuals.i really like the idea ofone giant monkey rather than 3 kids !though i found some bugs like force closes and some sort of loopholes, hope they will be fixed. :-)  but the best android game is missing one thing, facebook integration just like subway surfers and more characters
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive addictive is an understatement.
lentwo ratingfive superb game :)
lenthirteen ratingfour now this game is becoming very addictive already made more than 8 million score
leneight ratingfour but small small bugs  will b fixed asap.
lentwo ratingfive killer game!
lenfour ratingfive awesome on galaxy tab 2.
lensix ratingone game will crash after logo screen.
lensix ratingone i love the first temple run.
leneight ratingone was hoping to love this one as well.
leneighteen ratingone i cant ever play a game of it , without it freezing , and then i die because of that
lennine ratingfive this is a awesome game than any other game.
lenfour ratingfive swaad h aa gya.
lentwo ratingfive simply fun.
lensix ratingfive this is better than temple run
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive one of the best time killers around.
lensix ratingfive even better when it's free!
lenseventeen ratingone i want to play the game but it force closes automatically when i click on the app
lenseven ratingfive its challenging to so i like.it.
lentwo ratingfive download seriously
lenthree ratingfive great work team
lenfive ratingfour very smooth in my phone.
lennine ratingfour love this game so much same as temple run 1
lenten ratingfour this is much better and interesting than the original classic.
lenthirteen ratingfour but i need to tilt way too much to move to the sides.
lenthirteen ratingfour include the option of setting tilt sensitivity and then i will give 5 starts.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfour but it's kinda boring
lenfour ratingfive love the new gameplay.
lenfourteen ratingfive excellent graphics (look amazing on the note ii's hd screen), scary demon monkey!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirty ratingthree till now it shows circumnavigator objective is not completed which i have already completed  and lags in best visual quality the update was useless don't know what your doing
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game is better than number 1 there are more stuff u can do and it helps u get a much better score on temple run.e.g i got from 1 million to 2 million very easily.
lennine ratingfive great game don't ever get tired of it
lensix ratingfive great game, improves upon the original.
lenfive ratingfive still extremely addictive, highly recommended!
leneight ratingfive fast, great improvements added to the initial version.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lennineteen ratingone i cant even play the game it always get to the screen with the green gem and it closes
lennine ratingfour it really great game with great and better graphics.
lenseven ratingfour and the gaming experience is also better.
lenthirteen ratingfour but the gestures or command is a bit followed late by the character.
lentwelve ratingfour please fix it for 5 star and for the reputation of the game.
lenfive ratingfour any way otherwise great game
lenfour ratingfive nice game plz download
lenfifteen ratingfour i personally love this game its fun and exciting much better that the first edition!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love the games . .
lenseven ratingfive its much better than the 1st temple run
lentwelve ratingfive please add a high score page for the scores to be submitted.
lenseven ratingfive i am completely addicted to the game.
lentwo ratingfour adventurous game
lenseven ratingfour very good fun game, better than one.
lenten ratingfour but sometimes it will crush when i use save me.
lenfive ratingfive i play 4 hours on end.
lentwentysix ratingfive still crashing on my tab gt-p1010 pleasee fix it :( is a great game good job! i can run it on my s3 but not on my tab
lentwenty ratingfive wonderful game loved it and the fact that it is evolving with even more new things makes it the best.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
leneleven ratingfive in my opinion, it's a lot better than the first.
leneight ratingfive it has best graphics and game is awesome
lentwentyone ratingfour i love this game,  but i hate how sometimes it seems like it can't keep up and it just glitches.
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing thanks for this
leneight ratingthree it crashes and turns my wallpaper to black.
leneleven ratingthree please fix this issue and i will change this to 5 stars.
lenthree ratingfour atleast give 2 lifes
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive simply luv it
lenfourteen ratingfive love it too bits, both my kids and i have great fun playing this.
lennine ratingone no issues buying upgrades but unable to use them.
leneight ratingone 1m lifetime meterd objective still there im well over 1m
lentwo ratingfive nice gamr
lensix ratingfive bit more improvement needed in objects.
lennine ratingfive leving tht love a lot and my score is 4892873
lenfourteen ratingfive bring back the sensitivity slider and magnet coin multiplier and i'll be happier.^_^
leneight ratingfive i just fell in love with this game.
lensix ratingfive runs perfectly soomth on my device.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics 10/10 .
lenfour ratingfour good but poor graphics
lenfour ratingfive keep the updates coming
lenfour ratingfour thanks to imangi studios
lenfourteen ratingtwo i would give five stars but the game hangs in my sony experia tipo.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the sensitivity doesn't work wen i need to collect coins and the game freezez.
lennine ratingtwo please help i want to play this game badly!
lenfour ratingfour nice and funy game
lenfive ratingfive i am live in rajkot
lenseven ratingfive i love it.please add new charectars
lenfour ratingfive it is amazing games
leneighteen ratingfive it's free and has no ads, smooth gameplay on my nexus 7 and very fun game to play.
lenthree ratingfive wow very awesome.
lenseven ratingfive enjoying this game lyk hell great job :)))
lensix ratingfive a must have game.awesome graphics.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo when u resurrect twice it automatcaly exits and when u open it again u have to start from d very beggning again.
lenfive ratingtwo happened a lot of time :-//
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive after the latest update the game runs lyk butter when d visual settings are on my in my samsung galaxy s advance.
leneleven ratingfive before d update the game used to lags a bit sumtimes
lenten ratingfive works flawless on my htc one v,graphics are gorgeous
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingfive right from the day i installed it i have not been back to any other game.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are breathtaking. .adventurous game.
lenseven ratingfive go for it u won't regret. .
leneight ratingfour good in graphics but not good then subwaysurf
lenfour ratingfive what a game frads
lenthree ratingfive fun but laggy.
lensix ratingfive this game makes me sooooooooooooooo addicted
lenforty ratingfive only a small problem (but not really a problem) can you add some more characters and more powers or whatever just add something that needs money to buy because i wanna upgrade and upgrade and upgrade my character and powers.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenthree ratingfive not bad app
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1
lenten ratingfive good but a bit laggy but thats ok 5 stars nice!
lentwo ratingfive ver fun
lentwentysix ratingthree only thing is once the speed increases as the level advances and coming out of blind turns, there is not enough time to react to survive.
lensixteen ratingthree also placement of some of the power ups causes certain death when timing to get them.
leneight ratingthree other than that, this game is pretty good.
leneighteen ratingfive i loved temple run 1 this one is even better and after this last update it is soooooooooo awesome.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirteen ratingone level 8 still has a bug.5 million coins still repeated though i have completed.
lenfive ratingfive amazing game.very addicted game
lenfifteen ratingfive it's awesome game.but controls can be improved while running on broken half road
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive it is very beautifull graphics,road & it is very entertainment game.
lenthree ratingfive thanks 4 this game
lenthree ratingfive better than previous.!
lenseven ratingfive love the new environment and the tracks :-)
lentwentythree ratingone would have given 4 or 5 stars this game ran perfectly fine on my galaxy s advance set to best graphics before the recent update.
lentwelve ratingone however since this update the framerate makes it unplayable on any settings!
lenfive ratingfive my first 5 rating in playstore!
leneight ratingfour very choppy, skips quite a bit and freezes.
lenfour ratingfour needs a sensitivity setting.
lentwentyfive ratingone when i open it it shows the picture and then crashes even after update   please fix because from what i have heard it is deadly
lenfour ratingfive its a cool game
lennine ratingfour i wish it not so laggy on older phones.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet!
lenten ratingfive but how do u get to ride in the mineshaft?
lenfour ratingfive works smooth and fast.
lenfive ratingfive new adventure is very enjoyable.
lensix ratingfive it's very fun to play.
leneight ratingfour great game, i thing its better than the 1st
lentwo ratingfive brill game
leneight ratingfive i love to have this until i die
lensix ratingfive very addictive and eye-catching game
lenseventeen ratingfour the only thing it lacks is the centralized database for high scores, that will enhance the competition.
lentwo ratingfive great app.
lentwo ratingfive verrry bad   . ?. ?.
lenfive ratingfive just joking its tooo good
lenthree ratingfive never freezes  recommended
leneighteen ratingfive great work keep it up.awsome.app.just waiting for next sequel.temple run 3.:-).dis would be more.
lensix ratingfour i liie that it's harder.
lenfourteen ratingfour still wish the coins could contribute to my score like the old one though
lentwentysix ratingone this game becomes repetitive so  quickly, plus eventualy you will fall off or get eaten because the phone cannot keep up with speed of the game
lensixty ratingthree love the graphics  gameplay is good but i really have to tilt my phone a lot , there should be a tilt sensitivity option in the settings sometimes when boost ends while on a rope , i'm stuck running at boost speed which is really annoying and ridiculous otherwise the app's good hope these problems are fixed in next update
leneleven ratingfour than the first one but still doesnt amount.to.subway.surfers
lensix ratingthree its really cool,i injoyed playing
leneight ratingfive what a perfect change than the pervious version.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game !
lentwentyone ratingfive somehow, despite the much improved graphics and added features, it runs considerably smoother on my phone than the first temple run.
lennine ratingfive all i have to say is, fantastic job imangi!
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous one.
lenfive ratingfive and really fun to play!
lenseven ratingfive there are techinical mistakes.pls correct it
leneleven ratingthree it is nice but u know orignal games r always better
leneighteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a huge improvement over the original, and breathes new life to he temple run brand!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive new game play elements take a little getting used to, because it is a bit different, but once you get used to the learning curve, you'll feel right at home again!
lentwentyone ratingfive great performance for first release, but it does need to be a little smoother, as it stands, it lags a little.
lentwelve ratingfive as of latest update, the tilt sensitivity seems to have gotten better!
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent.
lennine ratingfive i'm speechless so follow me on instagram: ahmeeez
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive this game is superb good for everyone
lenthree ratingfour slow but fun
lenten ratingfour just perfect.however, it's a bit laggy.please fix
lensixteen ratingfive addicted game.i can play dis game whole day.sometimes stuck but overall very nice game
lenfourteen ratingone keeps force closing.i wanna play but i cant becuz it doesnt wanna load!
lenfour ratingfive very great awesome graphic !
lenfour ratingone soo slo and complicated! :*)
lenfour ratingfive bug fixed :) thanks imangi
lenfive ratingfour tilt sensitivity needed in settings.
lennine ratingfour too difficult to tilt on my droid razr maxx.
lenseven ratingfour rest of the game play is smooth
lensix ratingfive the best game 4 smart phones  ever  !
lentwo ratingfive & brilliant resolution !
lentwentyfive ratingfour the game was better than i expected it to be, but still, some new aspects could have been added to give a rather different experience
lennine ratingfive i had played temple run and temple run brave.
lenten ratingfive those were good games but used to lag a lot.
lennine ratingfive but this one is one hell of a game.
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome graphics, slick gameplay, nice upgrades and no lag or stutter at all.
lenten ratingfive thanks imangi, for listening to our feedback on temple run.
lenfour ratingfour 1st one was more fun.
leneight ratingfour you can only accomplish 3 goals at a time.
lennineteen ratingfour you can't pick which goals you want to go after, so sometimes you are stuck with 3 hard goals.
leneight ratingfive this is soo much better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lennine ratingfive no other game can match the thrill it gives.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lennine ratingfive great game, plays well on anything and very addictive.
leneighteen ratingfour when we play music and play the game,it hangs.otherwise,the game is awesome.plzz fix that.!
lenthirteen ratingfive i didn't like temple run but temple run 2 is excellent, well done
lennine ratingthree i've got 60mb free it just isn't downloading
lenfour ratingone i cant instaled it.
lenseven ratingone something cant be instaled in right place
lenfour ratingfive its an awesome games.
lensix ratingfive im lovin to playin this game.
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics and concept
leneleven ratingone this app freezes a lot on htc one s. please fix
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwenty ratingfour i think temple run two is great, but i think some of it is a bit too complicated and hard.
lentwentythree ratingfour i prefer temple run 1 so far but i think i will start to enjoy temple run 2 the more times i go on it.
lenseven ratingone still force closes, cant play, please fix.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive awesome game.quite great for a sequel.but  d objectives r very bad n lengthy.1 million coins n 10 million metres .its just too much.do something for it.or twill get badly monotonous n boring
lentwentytwo ratingone i dowladed this app because i love temple run but every time i try to play temple run 2 it kicks me off
lentwo ratingfive cute game
lenfour ratingfive oh simply amaizing.beats tr1
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game.
lennine ratingfour nice graphics n many things more., thnx a lot.
lennine ratingfive i'm enjoying it more then the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfour others might not care at all but for me, it really is worth a star.
lenfive ratingfour it is the characters character.
lenfiftyeight ratingfour if you can notice from the old temple run, the characters do have their own distinct style or posture when running, perhaps the guy characters have more manly way of running like barry bones have this very agile way of moving his hands like a track and fielder and lady characters have these more graceful way of moving.
leneight ratingfour try unlocking karma lee and all other characters.
lenfour ratingfive i rielly love it
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is super fun and takes off a lot of stress
lennine ratingfour my motorola atrix is having difficulties launching the app.
leneight ratingfour need to launch it several times to play.
lenthree ratingfive awesome free game.
lenseven ratingfive first game i am giving five star.  :-)
lentwo ratingfive great update.
lentwelve ratingfive the game is working smooth and the screen resolution is ok now.
lentwelve ratingfive the only bug i discover for now, character jumps too high sometimes
lenfourteen ratingfive if you tried temple run and enjoyed it, this is a must have game.
lennine ratingfour the game have nice graphics.& many more new features.
lenten ratingthree the game is good but need to update few things
lenfour ratingfive like it, very smooth
lenfourteen ratingone i bought some coins and i have not received them yet, what the hell?
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun!
leneight ratingfive i think its way better than the original.
lensix ratingfive great game excellent graphics and free
lentwo ratingfive promising gameplay!
lenthree ratingfive chala bagundi  ca
lenfour ratingfive temple run thi saru
lenten ratingfive love the all the stuffs, especially the mine and cart :).
lenfour ratingfive congratulations and god bless !
lentwelve ratingfive i really like the mine carts they make the game real fun
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is as good as the first one and actually even better. :)
lenfour ratingfour im on the run.
lenfive ratingthree subway surfers is much better
lensix ratingfive awesome visuals and animation ever played
lenfive ratingone please optimize for qvga devices !
lentwelve ratingone i have a lg optimus l3 it is an armv7 qvga phone , please optimize.
lensix ratingone i luv this game so much!
lentwo ratingfive superior game
lenfive ratingfive 5* amazing graphics, great game features
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a great game but it is hard at the same time
lensix ratingfive after update there is no lag.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenten ratingfive it is better than temple run and temple run brave.
leneleven ratingfour please fix the time delay between jumps and turn and such.
lensix ratingfour otherwise its a pretty good game.
lennine ratingthree i have to swype too far in my screen.
lensixteen ratingthree it's so bad that i cannot get past double obstacles at all fix for note 2
leneleven ratingfive very thing is perfect and wow the graphics is just wow
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive really addictive  exercise to eyes
lenfive ratingfive an amazing game nice job :)
leneleven ratingfive havnt even played it yet buy temple run is like aweeeesome!"
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lennineteen ratingfour having a score screenshot would make our life easier and btw it has mor surprises than.the previous version :)
lensix ratingfive superb.one of the finest game.
lensix ratingfive i love the game so mach
lentwelve ratingfive you would have thought they couldn't have improved on temple run.
lenseven ratingfive it was a perfect game but voila!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is actually bigger and better.
lenthree ratingfive and great game!
lenfive ratingfive the bonuses has me hooked!
lenseven ratingthree game has become laggy and started stuttering.
lenfive ratingthree please fix this awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive epic!good job imangi :)
leneight ratingfive implemented some great changes, addicted all over again.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lennine ratingfour yep, like tr1 and trbrave, it's a nice game
lensixteen ratingone good game, but made my droid os run at 68% for 3 days killing my battery very fast.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive great game, nice colour.
lenfive ratingfive keep the nice game-development.
lentwo ratingfive super saya
lenfour ratingfour nice game but more
lensixteen ratingone this game is stupid because if you just leave it it just plays by it self.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive the best game on the market just got even better, a easy 10/10, this destroys a lot of paided apps (excluding the bards tale and need for speed most wanted) and it's for free!
lenseven ratingfive why are you wasting time reading this?!
lentwo ratingfour brilliant game!
lenthirteen ratingfour but new update makes it more laggy and more glitches on my nexus 1
lenfour ratingfive excellent game and graphics
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive its really xcellent game.
leneight ratingfour slight lag turning when playing with google nexus 10
lenten ratingfive this temple run is soooooooo much better than the other.
lennine ratingfive my friend told me about and it sounds fun
lenfive ratingfive excellent job by the devellopers
lenthirteen ratingtwo i quite played this game for nw 4-5 dayz and i found few bugs.
leneleven ratingtwo 1- suddenly the character nd background fades and stucks on the start.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo 2- motion is not good as temple run  3- in between the game character looses control neither you are able to slide nor you can jump.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo many things can be corrected with better motion,i loved the enviorment, but not more than what killo games has given through subway surfers
lenfour ratingfive jst one word "superb"
lenfour ratingfive graphics gameplay and all.
lensix ratingfour more intense than the first one
lenten ratingfour some memory issues with my xperia sola otherwise works fine
lenseventeen ratingfive absolutely amazing the graphics are brilliant, the new exhilarating jumps and cliffs mines ziplines are really exciting!
lenthirteen ratingfive been waiting for this sequel when i heard about an update on ios.
lenfifteen ratingone picture moves up down left right a lot.headaching n vomiting game.need to improve
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenfiftysix ratingfive the first time i played it i thouht it would of been rubbish but then i played it for an hour and it really suprised me because i only spend that much time playing games i really like so i say ht it is better than the first temple run an hasnt froze on me once!
lenthirteen ratingfive keep up the good games i say yu should make a temple run 3
lenseven ratingfive great game with greater graphics than part 1.
lenfive ratingfive has really redefined mobile gaming
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally awesome.
lenfive ratingfive hats off to the developers.
leneight ratingfive too bad i unlocked everything through gamecih lol.
lensix ratingfive htc one v running android 4.2 evervolv
leneighteen ratingfour temple run is one of my favorite games and on temple run 2 they stuck with the same formula.
lenten ratingfour there's a few changes but basically the same thing.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingone lags on the nexus 10!
lentwentytwo ratingone really need to optimize to fit the nexus 10 screen, and why is there frame rate problems on such a high end device?
lensixteen ratingone love the game but is in serious need of optimization, will rate 5stars when it runs well.
lentwelve ratingthree is it just me or the game has a problem with sensitivity?
lensix ratingthree it lags and destroys my game.
leneight ratingthree especially when it comes to the tunnel part.
lenfifteen ratingfour though this version has better graphics and ui, the difficulty strata has gone way down.
lenten ratingfour still, probably, the best free game on the play store!
lentwelve ratingfive the one of the few apps which can compete with the rovio
lenfive ratingfive its just wow.great adventure
lenten ratingone still hanging on my s2.have to exit via task manager
lennineteen ratingfive after i updated the game went realy weierd on my galaxy tab 2 like the cart was under the track
lensix ratingfive i love the app the most.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenfour ratingfive apps is so cool.
lenfive ratingfive i reallly really like it ;-)
leneight ratingfour great but there should be veraity of levels.
lenseventeen ratingfive i was really excited to olay this game when it caught my eye i quickly installed it.
lenthree ratingfive nice app imangi!
lentwentytwo ratingthree i upgraded to version 1.0.1.1 but still there is collect 500,000 lifetime coins, even do i have almost completed my collect 1,000,000 ligetime coins chalenge
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lensix ratingfour one of the best time pass
lentwentyone ratingtwo this is laggy as hell for my sony xperia miro it would get 5 stars all day if this can be fixed
lenfour ratingfive love the new environment.
leneight ratingfive the rope slider in starting and that demon.
lenten ratingfive this game is amazing and the graphics is so good.
lenfour ratingfive you play this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game :))
lenfourteen ratingfive at first i found the new 3d design confusing but now i'm really addicted!
lensixteen ratingfive graphics are a massive leap from the first game and look great on my note 2. :d
lentwo ratingfive xllent game
lenfour ratingfive a time pass game.
lenthirteen ratingfour great game, but it becomes a grind quickly unless you buy coins/gems.
lennine ratingfive amazing way better than the first one, awesome timepass
lenfive ratingfive vrry enjoyiii game mst playable
lennineteen ratingfive adrenalin pumping game!just can't stop playing it again n again.much better than the 1st one.good job!
leneight ratingfive if it mre upgrade mre awesome less woooooooooooooooooo!
lentwentyseven ratingfive definitely would recommend u to download its so fun to play and concidering its free dont think there is any reason not to download it rigjt away! :)
lentwelve ratingthree the game is fine but lags on my hox at max graphics
lentwo ratingfive osm app.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and adventarous.
lenthree ratingfive lags in times.
lenthree ratingfive pls fix lags .!
leneleven ratingfive 5 stars for creativity of the game pls fix force close also !
lenfour ratingfive no words just mindblowing
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.!
lensix ratingfive keep up d awesome work guys
leneight ratingfive this game is better than temple run one
lenseven ratingfive i love this more than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive while lying the motion controls become inverse.
lentwelve ratingfive would you add a feature, so that we can play while lying.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfourteen ratingfive thanks to all of you,those behind this amazing game.the unbeatable "temple run"!
lenthree ratingfive graphics r gud
leneight ratingfive no lag on xperia u. a beautiful game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfour ratingfive works lovely in note 2.
lenseven ratingfour ther is a delay in the turns
lenten ratingfive i like this game too much.amazing graphics and movements.
lentwo ratingfive awesome gme
lenthree ratingfive flawless on galaxy s2
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixtythree ratingone i just updated this game and when i started it up i lost everything i worked hard to get, fully upgrading the powerups, unlocking the characters etc. (so to the ppl handling this game, if another update is needed in the future, make sure we won't have to suffer going through unlocking/upgrading things again for a update).i was really upset
lenten ratingfive am amazed as the game is better than my expectations.
leneleven ratingfour can you guys make stages instead of the same 1 stage forever.
lenseventeen ratingfour i could give you something different to look at other than that love to game great job.
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 13 million.but the objective of running 10 million meters lifetime seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthree ratingfive hate this level.
lennine ratingfive this is possibly the best mobile game ever created.
leneight ratingfive providing great graphics and fun all in one.
lenseven ratingfive the possibilities with this game are endless!
lennine ratingfive download now or i will have to kill you.
lenfifteen ratingfive after the latest update, this game runs smoothly on my sony xperia neo l. fantastic!
lentwentyseven ratingone tried to download temple run 2 on a few ocassions and it always force closes,seems to work on other phones accept this one please get it sorted
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome :-)
lentwenty ratingthree but hangs alot after i resume from any other activity plz fix it i am using samsung galaxy s advance.
lenthree ratingfive thanks to android
lensix ratingtwo refreshing change but lags on an s3 ?
lensix ratingfive can't believe it's free
lentwelve ratingthree sony ericsson x10i just updated but still it lags.doesnt works smoothly.dissapointed
lenfive ratingfive good games and nice graphics.
leneight ratingfive a very amazing enhancement of the amazing game!
lennine ratingfive they took perfectly fine game and made it better. .
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run
lensix ratingfive great graphics, smooth play and challenging.
lenfour ratingfive love it really addicting
lenthirty ratingfive i love this game it is the best temple run game ever but i can't get temple run 3 because you have to pay real money but really good game
lensix ratingfive a lot better than first one
lenthree ratingfive totally worth it!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive no need for comments
lenten ratingfive this game looks 10 times better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff!
lensix ratingone too much stuff can kill you.
lenfive ratingone now its twice as hard.
lentwenty ratingfour its great but on my samsung galaxy ace plus , its always restarting my phone when i always  playing temple run 2  !
lenseven ratingfive its very addictive to play but awesome.
leneighteen ratingfive everyone is talking about it like this is one to play because its wicked, enjoyable and mostly fun.
lensix ratingfive so this game is highly recommened!
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and thrill
leneleven ratingfour plz fix the tilt sensitivity, it needs to be more sensitive.
lenthree ratingfive wt a game!
lenfive ratingfive a great game to enjoyyyyy.
lenthree ratingfive very nice superb
lenfive ratingthree it a bit too complicated
lentwentyseven ratingfour i have not yet been on it but if it is half as  good as the first temple run, then i know it's gonna be awesome. :-)
lensix ratingone still returning to the home screen-.-
lenfive ratingfive it is wonderful to play
lentwenty ratingfour whenever i play dis game nd subway surfers is opened or is used in recent activities temple run2 hangs a lot!
lenseven ratingfive one of my favourite game.love it.
lenten ratingfive the best 3d game with added features i've ever played
lenseven ratingfive great sequel to the original temple run.
leneight ratingfive entertainment at its best for a phone game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice , game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwenty ratingfive good but only one prob.takes too much time load than the previous version.please do something.a great game.
lenfifteen ratingfive absolutely amazing graphics topped with the various adventurous changes, makes it more challenging and fun!
lenfive ratingfive enjoyable and easy to play
lenfour ratingthree ang tagal m download
lenthree ratingfive love temple run
lensix ratingfour it keeps lagging at my phone.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthree ratingfive amazing and leg
lensix ratingfive great game, better than the first!
leneight ratingfive i must game to have for game lovers
lensixteen ratingfive this is my new addiction but can't share my scores on facebook , only on twitter.
lensix ratingfive no option to share on fb.
lennine ratingfive dis is for xperia u. anyway love dis game.:-)
lenfour ratingfive amazing, full of adventures!
leneight ratingthree the spartan objective calls for 1,000,000 with no powerups.
lenfourteen ratingthree the items that are i'm game and you jump into are called pickups.
lentwentyfive ratingthree but if you hit one they decide to call it a power up but a power up is actually when you double tap the screen.
lenthirtysix ratingthree another error is when you die and resurect your moving much slower than you were but some gaps are too big to jump at such low speeds resulting in you wasting a gem and dieing again.
lenfive ratingthree like i said logical errors.
lenseven ratingthree fix it and i'll give 5 stars.
lentwentyeight ratingfour a good game overall.nice graphics.but is it just me or the tilt feature is a lil to hard in this game.needs to be more sensative.
lenten ratingthree good enough.but too much off obstructions on the run.!
lennineteen ratingfive i hav completed the objective of 500000 life time coins but still it is showing pending.please fix this problem
lenfourteen ratingfive runs great on my galaxy s3 even with the graphics turned to the highest setting!
lenfortyfive ratingfive there's a funny bug if you unlock barry bones, when you pick up gems the 'ahhh' sound deepens when you jump haha i think it's because his sounds are transposed sounds from the original guy so the transpose applies to all sound effects!
lenfive ratingfive very additive & lots of fun
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lenfourteen ratingthree should be an option for us to change the sensitivity like the original one
lennine ratingfive top game and more addictive than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive cool game with new features !
lenthree ratingfour a bit laggy.
lennineteen ratingfive i've never seen a 3d game with graphics like this they've set the bar high for everyone else!
lenten ratingfive this is a million times better than the original version.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lenfifteen ratingfour you should have kept story mode which would have created more interest in the game
lenfourteen ratingfour better graphics then temple run.good game play and addictive as the earlier version.
lenseven ratingfive an improvement on an already good game
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive love it better than the original
lenthirteen ratingfour it has better graphics nd it's little tougher than the old version.
lenfive ratingfour it's a great game.
lenfive ratingfour a really fun and exhilarating.
lenseventeen ratingfour the only reason it looses a start because there is a bit of blah at times ( rarely).
lenthree ratingfour otherwise, great game.
leneight ratingfour would even buy it if it were paid.!
lenthirteen ratingfive those who have given 1 star dey dont hav any sense in gaming field
lenthree ratingfive a time waster.
lentwelve ratingfive jst downloaded the game and its way cooler than i thought its gr8! ?
lensixteen ratingfive it is sooo addictive i especially love the carting and the new ways of getting powers
lenten ratingfive the only thing that really gets stolen is your time.
lenseven ratingfive no bug easy fantastic keep your rate
lenfive ratingone not compatible in samsung phone
lenfive ratingfive very good game, love it.
lenfifteen ratingfive lots of updates and improvements in gameplay when compared to the, still very good, original.
lenthirteen ratingone removed, restarted and reinstalled, all i get is the splash screen then nothing.
leneleven ratingfive excellent graphics.one of the concentration improving game:-) :-) :-) add more features:-)
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive hope new locations would be added soon.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i reckon that in the game play the objectives should be shown in the top middle off the screen.and change colour when completed.
lenfourteen ratingfive over all an excellent game just that one thing to make it the best
lenten ratingfive a very goos game with good fps on ny phone.
lentwentythree ratingfive a bit harder then the old one and there should be a sensivity option as many people play on higher or lower sensitivitys
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 awesome game
lenten ratingone poor crappy game loads and just quits to home page
lennine ratingfive such an amazing game just like the old one
lenfifteen ratingfive cool game, serves its purpose which is to keep me busy when i'm bored!
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lentwenty ratingfive i've played it in my phones's friend and now really excited to play it on my android evo 3d :)
leneight ratingfive love it much better than normal temple run!
lentwelve ratingfive works perfect when updated.very good than the older version twmple run
lennine ratingone it the image imange studios.the game just exits.
lenten ratingfour its a great game but please change the color shades.
lenthirteen ratingfour looks d same if darker shades for d the danger will be good.
lenseven ratingfour bcoz as v run the eye strains
lensix ratingfour that's nice fichars this game
lenfourteen ratingthree good game nice new upgrade system and very easy to pick up and play.
lenthirty ratingthree i turned the visual quality down to minimum and i still get dreadful stuttering in literally every run, it's the cause of almost all my deaths in the game.
lenfifteen ratingthree playing on samsung galaxy s3 which is possibly the most powerful android phone available right now.
lensix ratingfive coolest game i have ever played
lenfive ratingthree game has better graphical content.
lennineteen ratingthree and is much better than the old temple run because has more difficulty and nice obstacles to go through.
lensix ratingthree but only lags in tilt control.
lenfive ratingthree have to sit and play.
lenten ratingthree can't play it like agent dash or subway surfers.
lensix ratingfive great graphics, much fun and exiting.
lenthree ratingfive nice one imagi.
lenfour ratingfour a very addictive game.
lentwentyone ratingfour only down side is the creature gets too close to you when you stumble and its hard to see past it.
lensixteen ratingfive addicted game.i can play dis game whole day.sometimes stuck but overall very nice game
lenfive ratingfive new excitement and level experience.
lentwentynine ratingfive its a really good game i like it more than the old one.regardless of the amazing graphics, the addition of rope slides and mining trains are amazing xd
lensix ratingfive i've found no bugs yet.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so addictive so far my high score is 6 million
lensix ratingfive love this game graphics r great .
lenten ratingfive need ta have levels though,then it would b amazing .
lenthree ratingfive an instant hit
lenthree ratingfive dood so cool
leneleven ratingfive i love this game so much i play it every day
lenseven ratingfive excelent game love it :) jst kiding k.
leneight ratingtwo it lags all the time no matter what!
lenseven ratingfive great improvement in the quality of game .
lennine ratingfive more challenging and more addictive than the first one
lenten ratingfive good game, stop reading my review and go download it!
lennine ratingfour hang problem in samsung galaxy s plus.please upgrade.
lenfour ratingfive jot khalsa, just awsome
lennine ratingtwo i have a samsung infuse & it dosen't work.
leneleven ratingtwo when i go to the app it crashes please fix this!
lensix ratingtwo i really want to play it :(
lennineteen ratingfive really enjoyed the game too much very different from old temple run and very interesting also really love it
lenthirteen ratingfive its #1 because it is the simplest, yet most intense game in the market.
lennine ratingfive not othrt game requires this much focus and involvement.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics and flow are excellent while maintaining an engaging point &  rewards system.
lenthree ratingfive great job imangi.
lenfour ratingfive best game on android.
lenseventeen ratingfour great sequel of temple run.wud have been a sure shot 5star if there werent bugs.i completed.
lentwentysix ratingfour 10 million club objective still it shows not completed.also many times the runner doesnt jump while going up the hill.plzz fix it n get ur 5stars.
lennine ratingfive lags a tiny bit at times but overall brilliant.
lensix ratingfive more fun n better power ups.
lenten ratingone i love this game,but please fix for xperia sola!
leneight ratingone temple run not compatible in ics xperia sola.
lenfive ratingfive cant stop playing this game!
lensix ratingfive awesome, but i want an end!
lenthirtyeight ratingfive end the running at some point, and walk (or run around searching for clues to a larger idol giving people the highest achievement possible if they find the larger prize?  sounds good to me. what do i know?
leneight ratingthree temple run is better than dan dis game
leneight ratingtwo its a great game but it keeps crashing
lentwentyfour ratingone i was so happy when downloading it then when am bou 2 open it.it comea up then closes this went for a long time.
lenfourteen ratingone last update made the game extremely laggy on my phone since today's update.
leneighteen ratingone sometimes it doesn't register swipes so i end up going off a cliff or running into something.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfour alot of action, pritty much amazing!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive exciting gameplay and very good graphics, a worthy sequel to the legendary temple run.
leneleven ratingfour it lags a lot on the galaxy exhibit please fix that !
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenthree ratingfive juzz luv it
lennine ratingfive it's a great game , my kids love it .
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive gr8 fun, full of energy.
lenfour ratingfour good location and layout
lensix ratingfive i loved this version.nice graphics.
lensix ratingfive it's a fun running adventure.
lentwelve ratingfour overall excellent, but can only get so many achievements in one go
lenseven ratingfour not groundbreaking like the first but addictive.
lenseven ratingfour tegra 3 support would be nice as well.
lenseven ratingfour glad they fixed track pop-in issues.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is bullxxxx  haha just kiddin its one of my favorites keep up the good work! :-)
lentwentyseven ratingfour awesome graphics but the only drawback is that the tilt is not as sharp &  fast as temple run 1.please update that nd its full 5 stars from me.
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lenfour ratingfive it is wonderful game
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics !
lenseven ratingfive everyone must try this game its awesome
lenfive ratingfive its osm.n too difficult
lensix ratingone not good it won't load.
lenseven ratingfive never played such a awsome game before.
lenten ratingfive so addict to dis game beautiful graphics just loved it:-)
lenfive ratingfive this is an amazing adventure.
lensix ratingfive new looks new ways new beast.
lenthree ratingfive its simply woooooooooooow
lenfive ratingfour this game is quite nice.
lennine ratingfour but there are small bugs which happen very rarely.
lentwo ratingfour alright gamee
lenfive ratingfive excellent game which is amazing
leneight ratingfive it's much better than the old version.
lentwo ratingfive more characters.
lenthree ratingfive more power ups.
lentwo ratingfive better tracks.
leneleven ratingfive best game and great adventur ad one samsung glaxy s advance
lenfour ratingfive yasssss fuckk itt uppp
lenfour ratingfive super super super game.
lenfive ratingfive it is like merging 3 games.
lenthree ratingfive rope, caves & forest.
lennine ratingfive i did not expected such a beautiful 2nd temple run.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for imangi team.
lennine ratingfive it was better than the first one and brave.
lenfour ratingfive the effects were amazing.
lennineteen ratingfive my batt doesn't have a chance with the amount of times i play this while out and about.
lentwentyfour ratingfive the game would be near perfect if there were an option to change the sensitivity as it's a bit insensitive to my phone.
lensix ratingone it frozed on image studio picture
lenthree ratingone i lose money .
lenseven ratingfour temple run is great i love it!
lenfive ratingfour is there a temple run 2?
lennine ratingfive love it so much better than the last version
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive i feel it's better than the first one
lenseven ratingone become slowly in new version after update
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensixteen ratingone my save data got deleted and now it won't even let me end a run.
lentwelve ratingone if i died it will just freeze and stop doing anything else
lenfifteen ratingfive awesumst game yet keep up the gud wrk guys thnx 4 makin sch an awesum game
lenfourteen ratingone i can't play this game on my lg l3 cuz resolution is rlly bad .
lentwo ratingthree slow updating
lenthree ratingfive bikin sport jantung
lentwentyseven ratingfour i fux with this game the only reason its a star off is cause it got me sick i was dizzy as shyt for a few days
lenseven ratingfour something new for a temple run 1 fan
lenfour ratingfive no lags, no errors.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenfive ratingfive i highly recommend this game
lensix ratingfive great game very very fun ! :d
lenthree ratingfour nice and cool.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lennine ratingfive just wish it had a save for each level.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour at first,the terrain looks tricky.you need to try and try where to go next.and also when youre already thousand meters away it logs.anyway still addictive and i gave it a four.thanks.whahaha.
lennine ratingfive a great game which makes us adicted towards it.
leneight ratingfive can improve by adding new challenges and unlockables.
lennine ratingfive very sad only five stars are available over here!
lenseven ratingfive i will definitely give it a fifty
lenthree ratingfive absolutely briliant game!
lenfour ratingfive advise everyone to try.
lenthree ratingfive worth the wait.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenseven ratingfive and thanks for fixing the back button
lenfour ratingthree static and always stop.
leneleven ratingfive ive only played it a few time but i was enjoyable.
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 got more fun than the last temple run, 3d environment, bigger monkey!
lennine ratingfive and fascinating new powerups although there are only 4 characters!
lenfour ratingfive download temple run 2 now
lensix ratingfive most play.better then temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive similar to the last game and just as fun!
lenten ratingfour go and must try this then u just love it.
lenfive ratingfour thanks for d back button .
lensix ratingfour but i want the sensitivity gauge .
lensixteen ratingfive this game is cool, it is the best.download it and you won't regret it
lentwentynine ratingthree the motion sensor is very bad in the game, while tilting to collect coins, we have to turn the phone fully, please fix it asap, will give it 5 stars
lentwelve ratingone the update still shows lags even with over clocked cpu to 1.6 ghz. :(
lenfour ratingfour superb gameplay.amazing graphics!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthree ratingfive graphics are amazing!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive new gameplay makes it better.
lenfortynine ratingfive when you pickup a same powerup(like when you have magnet and another appears) it does not work(it did in temple run one) 2.when your boost finishes while on a zipline, you still run in the boost speed and get out(this does not happen all the time) 3.
lentwentysix ratingfive when you try to jump while on an inclined surface your character does not jump, he simply does the action of jumping plz fix these bugs!
lentwenty ratingthree great game, alot of fun the only problem am having is that coins/ jewels keep disagreeing i cant get pass $5000.
leneight ratingthree its hard.to.upgrade but overall its great
lenfive ratingfive wow this game is great .
lenfour ratingfive best game than temple run1
lenfourteen ratingfive luv and will refer else every1 to install such kinda great apps in der mobile
lensix ratingfive it is so fun and addicting
lennineteen ratingfive the first version is great but this version having a hard time putting my phone down, just love it
leneight ratingfive the game deserved into the hall of fame.
lenseven ratingfive tilt controls could be a little better
lenthree ratingfour nice but laggy
lenthree ratingfive super beautiful  yes
lenfive ratingfive nice, this game is great
leneleven ratingthree in my phone xperia mario this game is not working properly
leneight ratingone i cant download it on my galaxy tab!
lenfifteen ratingfive its fun and has amazing graphics but the sensitivity sucks but other than that amazing
lentwentytwo ratingfour worked great before, but after the latest update the menu looks very weird and sometimes my screen goes black at some points.
lenfive ratingfour but very fun game though :)
lenseven ratingfive enjoy.better than previous one.almost perfect.
lenthree ratingfive cool new features
lenten ratingfour can't complain - a massive improvement from the first version!
lentwentyone ratingfour one thing - it's a lot harder to get achievements now because you can only get the three that are displayed.
leneight ratingfour fix this and i'll upgrade to 5 stars.
lenseventeen ratingfive is more better then temple run, only not tat stable cuz its the first version i think.
lensix ratingfive keep up ur gud job imangi!
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive best game in play store
lenfive ratingfive best game on anroid yet!
lenfourteen ratingfive tempel run is about 3/4 stars  but this is 5 stars this game has great grafics
lennine ratingfour i played it on iphone and it is amazing.
lensixteen ratingfour i am going to change my review here a little bit,it lags after a while.
leneight ratingfour and its very annoying because then i die!
lenseventeen ratingthree i love the game but why this game isn't working on my lg optimus black (ku-5900)?
lennine ratingfour it's a good game but it always lags.
leneleven ratingfour the tutorial mode can't be turned off and no score.
leneight ratingfour and tge back button is still notw working.
lenfour ratingfour need i say more.
leneight ratingfour the game is addictive and lots of fun.
lenfive ratingfour but it freezes a lot.
lenthree ratingfour graphics are great.
lensixteen ratingfour don't care for the way the upgrades pop up while the game is being played
lentwentythree ratingfive great game, but there is a glitch that at the end of a run it won't come up with the "run again"
lentwelve ratingfive button and after i click on menu and click "take the idol"
lennineteen ratingfive button it makes the sounds as if it's running but the points and money don't go up?
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive ooooooooooosum is the word.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i liked the new rope slide and a huge 85 coins straight collection on the new long rope slide, then the new mine level its osum.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game.it just keeps geting better.
leneight ratingfive a good game ,but a little bit lag.
lennine ratingfive but grqphics quality not equal to  temple run brave
lentwentytwo ratingfour the repeated circumnavigator objective is still there in the level 8 list when i have already completed it which still needs to fixed.
lenfifteen ratingfour after the update i still have the million meter objective although i already completed it
lenfour ratingfive new refreshed temple run.
lenthree ratingfive more to play.
lentwo ratingfive better environs.
leneleven ratingfive no more annoying squeaks of the monsters, instead a humble roar.
leneleven ratingfour temple run 2 is good but the powerup - score bonus dosnt work :(
lenthirteen ratingfour gave 4 star because this is not so easy and graphics are blurry sometime!
lenfive ratingfour temple run 1 is way better
lensix ratingfive runs seamlessly on my xperia mini.
lentwo ratingfive supb game.
leneight ratingfive one of the best game in play store.
lenten ratingfour i was frustrated before because of the freezing and sluggishness.
lennine ratingfour but after the recent update, it works all fine!
lensix ratingfour wonderfully designed and terrific to play!
lentwo ratingfour top game!
lenthree ratingone my lg device.
lenfourteen ratingfive better dan temple run.gameplay is immersive.one of d best games on playstore.
lennine ratingfour good and no lag,but very fast leh zzz
lennine ratingfour when i collect two of the same power ups.
leneight ratingfour it's like they cancel each other out.
lenseventeen ratingfour also when i turn down the music and the sound, i can still hear footsteps on my s3
leneight ratingfive i havent even started and it looks fantastic! ?
leneight ratingone why wont it load on my dell streak
leneleven ratingfour .it lags on my htc sense and forces me to die.
lenseven ratingfour please fix and will rate 5 stars again
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lentwelve ratingfive great gameplay, no lag, an an excellent timepass.can't get better.>!
lennine ratingfour must download for those who are temple run 1 addict!
lenthirteen ratingfour temple run 2 is much more exciting and the game play is simply superb!
lentwelve ratingfour make sure your phone is high end one with good touch screen.
lenfourteen ratingfour i like it it is fun and good to play from time to time
lenten ratingone dumb game.it stops unexpectedly in my xperia neo v.
lenfifteen ratingfour like the game, it works a lot better after last update, but still not perfect.
lenthree ratingfive android best game
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive smoother than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive its a great n wonderful game i ever play!
lentwelve ratingfive great game with gud grafics and visualization but .not easy to play.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics must download.!
lentwo ratingfive absolutely brilliant
lenthree ratingfour graphics is awesome!
leneight ratingfive way too kool on ma sony xperia j
lenfifteen ratingfour though this version has better graphics and ui, the difficulty strata has gone way down.
lenten ratingfour still, probably, the best free game on the play store!
lenten ratingfive its jst awesome much much more better than d 1st part
lenten ratingfive this is far better than the temple run1 and so smooth.
lentwelve ratingfive playing playing not finishing .exciting game ever.love to see updates instantly
lensix ratingfive nice graphics and superb play experience.
lenthree ratingfive osum game (y)
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphics and game
lenthree ratingfive relly fun game!
lenthirtythree ratingthree new gameplay and attractive graphics but game ie being crashed more often so all the score and achievements are not being saved so have to play everything from beginning and its killing interest
lentwelve ratingfive innovative game of the year.awesome graphics, awesome gameplay and outstanding funn.
lensix ratingfive more addictive than the first one.
lentwentytwo ratingone just as i downloaded it when i taped on that game it is not loading fix it please improve the major improvements
lentwo ratingfive challanger game!
lenfive ratingfive now runs completely lag free.
lenten ratingfive this is a great game much better than temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive it has better graphics better power ups more challenging better everything .
lensix ratingfive there is mine carts as well.
lenfive ratingfive the objectives r more interesting.
lentwelve ratingfive if u like temple run 1 this is wat u ve been waitin 4!
lenfour ratingfive download this app!:):):)now!:):):)
lenfive ratingfive temple run is the best
lensix ratingfive yoo so amazing but stop omg
lennine ratingone i have a samsung infuse & it dosen't work.
leneleven ratingone when i go to the app it crashes please fix this!
lensix ratingone i really want to play it :(
lenfive ratingfour this is an awsome game.
lentwentythree ratingfour it gets harder when it goes to the spikes.you cabt really see them at first.all the levels also gets harder though.
lenfour ratingfive amazing game love it
lenfifteen ratingfive pls add an update that connects to facebook account and compare scores on ur friends.
lentwo ratingfive weekly ranking.
lensix ratingfive it will be more perfect game. :))
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive favourite game
leneighteen ratingfive i like it and cool is fun but i for temple run 1 i like too too too much.
lenten ratingfour this game is fun but please start using delta updates.
lensixteen ratingfour i don't want to download the full 32mb every time you change a line of code.
lenseventeen ratingfour awesome game but while in the game i get glitches in my galaxy s3 but overall fun game! :-)
lentwelve ratingthree so jealous of the apple users since they can post on fb.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix it and i'll give 5 stars, 6 stars even if its possible!
lennine ratingone worst game ever miles scraper that temple run l
lenfive ratingfive awesome improvement since temple run 1
lenthree ratingone cant be downloaded
lenthree ratingfive very nice animation
leneleven ratingfour but takes a lot of time to load on my x86 device.
leneight ratingfour hopefully that would be crrcted in the future.
leneighteen ratingone when i click on the app it loads but then it won't open same thing after update
lensix ratingfive it's highly recommendable very entertaining.
lennine ratingfive no lags hd graphics makes this game no. one
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game .
lenthree ratingfive turning hurts eyes
lenthree ratingfive love it lot.
lentwelve ratingfive i only have a small problem with the score cap  only 50 million
lenfiftyfour ratingfive omgg this game is so great omgg and it harder then the first one omgg play this game and u will love it omgg my lil sis told me to get this game and i was like no then i got it and love it when i didn't push play yet love it
lenthirtythree ratingthree this is a good game, but i'm not happy because i made an in app purchase for a gem pack and i have not received it and it's been 2 days now.
lentwelve ratingthree people beware of in app purchases because you may not get them!
lenseven ratingfive i will play the game all time
lenthree ratingfive excellent good game
lennine ratingfour it's sensor is too good graphics are muuuaaa.
lensix ratingfour it's better then first version.
leneight ratingfive very good update from the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive mind blowing nothing can be better than this.deserve 5 stars ; )
lensix ratingtwo still lag on my samsung device
leneleven ratingfour the tilt must be more sensitive and the coins are lesssss
lenseventeen ratingfive the tweaks to this set it far above the original and leave the imitators in the dust.
lensixteen ratingfive runs flawless on my gnex (toroplus) as far as the freemium aspect, its almost non existent.
lensixteen ratingfive leveling up gets hard pretty early on but doesn't make the game any less fun!
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and game play!
lenfour ratingfive cool cool cool cool
lentwo ratingfour getting awesome
leneight ratingfour love this game but crashes alot for galaxy s1
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfour zabara game .
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.!
lenfive ratingfive i so love this game! :)
lenseven ratingfour all technical scenes have been developing well.
lenfifteen ratingfive hard at first d: but you get the hang of it & then its really easy ^0^
lentwo ratingthree temple run
lenfour ratingfour i like thia game
lenthree ratingfive temple run2 is amazing!
lenfour ratingfive this is freaking exellent.
lensix ratingfive nice game cool graphics more challenging
lenfour ratingfour cool game & its free !
lentwo ratingfive nice pic
lenten ratingtwo cant you give tips on how to stop the lag?
lenfive ratingfive best game on android platform
lentwo ratingfive cant stop
lenten ratingthree this game is good but not good as temple run 1
leneleven ratingfive i love the game and all the new things about it.
lensixteen ratingfive i would defiantly recommend this game to anybody wanting to pass the time during the day.
lenfour ratingfive download nhi hooo ri
lentwelve ratingfive i thought you cant get better than temple run, but you can!
lenthree ratingfive with temple run 2
lentwenty ratingfive have one problem it lags to much after that its amazing game hope to see changes in the next update
leneight ratingfive enjoy v good my son 7years says great game
lentwo ratingfive bangalore star
lenthirteen ratingfour i like this game, but the problem is that their are only 4 players.
lenfour ratingfive excellent enjoyable  fun game.
lensixteen ratingfour it's not as easy to monuver around as the temple run, but it's great!
lenfive ratingfive very good game to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is one of the best on here, and it's free!
lenseven ratingfive it keeps you coming back for more.
lenfour ratingthree need to change sensitivity.
lensix ratingthree and the game will be perfect
lennine ratingfour would be willing to pay for greater are variation
lenfour ratingfive great improvement over the 1st.
lentwo ratingfive osm game.
lenfive ratingfive xcellent game with fit graphics
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first tempo run and the second is even better!
lenfourteen ratingfive it crashed all the time until i restarted my device now its a blast!
leneight ratingone made in ap purchase and never received it.
lenthirteen ratingone i've emailed them three times over the last week with no response.
leneight ratingone reporting to google without a response by monday.
lenfour ratingfive love the new challenge
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
leneleven ratingfive could have more add-ons but apart from that its perfect!
lenseven ratingthree good ish not as good as original
leneight ratingfour graphics could be better but still really good
lenseventeen ratingone i have tried to play, but everytime i try to open the app it keep force closing.
lentwelve ratingone please fix i love the game the one time it did work.
lensixteen ratingfive my kids and i love this game  its so addictive that i can't stop playing
lenfive ratingone it's a great game!
lenseventytwo ratingone i've tried it on other people's phone and it works fine, but for some reason, it doesen't open on my phone (samsung infuse) :( i click on the icon, it opens and it instantly crashes.so i haven't been able to play it on my own phone (i even uninstalled and installed again and again, but it keeps doing the same thing).please fix :( then i'll give 5 stars.
lenfortyone ratingthree i like the game but when your usina a power up and it's about to run out u jump to get the same power up but it doesn't reset the power up that you just picked up please fix!
leneight ratingfive after fixing tilt problem and back button 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive now its perfectly wrking on 240x320 device.
lentwentythree ratingone can't even play a proper game without it pausing every few seconds and has resulted in me dying one too many times
lenten ratingfour good but it should have adjustable sensitivity in the settings.
lenthree ratingfive a worthy successor!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfive superb graphics,amazing gameplay better than the previous
lentwentyfour ratingfive addicting but it's a bit harder than timple run (1) .but it's alot more fun but the slides in timple run (1) are cooler .
lentwentytwo ratingfive i m going to give 10 stars for this game ur temple run 1st is also a good game  & i luv to play this
lenseven ratingfive it is so better than temple run
lentwo ratingthree improve levels
lentwo ratingone sgs 2 cyanigenmod 9
lentwentynine ratingthree why is it that these games are better on ios that's bullshit please update and make it the same,it's to laggy+level 8 has duplicates please fix
lenseven ratingfive much better than the original so addictive
lensixteen ratingone the fag devs can't do anything about the game crashing after the start up screen.
lenfive ratingfive run well in my device.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
leneight ratingfive a very good game i really enjoyed it
lentwo ratingfour cul  hh
lenfourteen ratingfive best game ever, the graphics are better than anything else i've ever seen!
lensix ratingfive its a great game nice graphics
leneight ratingfive temple run was okay but this is amazing!
lennine ratingfive never before have i seen such a good game.
lenthree ratingfive need more coins
lenfour ratingfour graphics are really cool.
lenthree ratingfour addictive game  :d
lenfour ratingone good games shabbir_dunge
lentwentynine ratingfour very very gud bt add some more things like new places new graphics also run in inner of temple.see the same places again and again loks nt cool
lensix ratingfive anyone could play n interesting game.
lenten ratingfive version 2 is jusst great than 1st one.love to play it.
lennine ratingfour quite fun.and interestin waiting for the third part.
lensixteen ratingfour this is a lot better than the first one but is beaten down by subway surfers.
lenten ratingfour no character customisability and you cant see your friends score.
leneighteen ratingfour on subway surfers i have completed all the objectives but i am still playing to beat my friends.
lenseventeen ratingfour but here it is objective or nothing :-/ new: thank god that same double objectevie bug was fixed!
lenseventeen ratingfour dont they do any testing before releasing :-/ and please make it competitive by comparing scores using fb.
lenten ratingthree fun, but it constantly freezes on my atrix 2 after 5 minutes.
lennine ratingthree i'm sure it'll improve with some updates.
lenfive ratingfive can u say addicted lol
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run was my favourite game till temple run 2 hit the play store.
lentwentysix ratingfive being a successor of a hit game temple run 2 had so many expectations to fulfil and to no doubt this game does that without any issues.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are brilliant, new kind of gameplay objectives, smooth running with no such lags.
lenthirty ratingfive there is some issue with tilting, as one has to tilt a lot while moving the character to collect coins and also game hung couple of times at the startup.
lenten ratingfive please try and fix if these are the real bugs.
lenfive ratingfive lol this is so cool
lenten ratingfive much more better than the first temple run.addictive game
lentwo ratingfive wonderful & thrilling
lenten ratingfour please keep a option of sharing the score on facebook.!
leneight ratingfour otherwise the best game on play store ;d
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics and challenging course are enough to keep me coming back!
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lentwo ratingone nt workng
lensixteen ratingfive pretty good but really bad that there is not a version for my phone galaxy ace
lennine ratingone when i first downloaded it, the game ran perfectly.
leneleven ratingone now i've found my game reset, after buying many upgrades.
lenthirtynine ratingone everything i go to play it i have to play the tutorial, because when i go into the settings to turn the tutorial off, it won't let me leave the page, so i have to restart the app.
lentwentyfour ratingone this game officially sucks, and if, for some reason you are actually going to download this, i hope you have more luck than me.
lensixteen ratingfour hi! there is a lifetime metres bug which does not show the correct lifetime metres run.
lenfive ratingfour need to correct this asap.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour very addictive games but there is some minus like when u activates the powerups like magnet and shield in the gameplay then u found the same spawn in condition the powerups still on the spawn are not useful.
leneight ratingfour i hope imagi can update the game better
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is alot of fun i haven't had any issues since last update!
leneight ratingfour we really like this game at my house.
lenthirteen ratingfour its just really fast u have to be on top of this game.
leneight ratingfive m luvin it :d hats off imangi studios :)
lenfive ratingfive i there wud be 100 stars .
leneight ratingfive god bless u devlprs .we all love u.
leneighteen ratingfive i have played the first but this one is awesome graphics are very good i love this game
lenfifteen ratingfour i love this game but it freezes way to much but other than that amazing:)
leneight ratingfive this game is the best game ever made
leneleven ratingone i just updated it and now i cant even play it
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lentwelve ratingfour its a really great game but it desperately needs motion sensetivity option!
lenseven ratingone still does not work for samsung infuse.
lenthirtynine ratingfour when you have a power up and its almost ran out then you pick up the same one the new one you pick up is not counted for which is very annoying accept from that the game is great
lenseven ratingfive this game is better then temple run
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentythree ratingfour i love the new additions, the fact that you can unlock more when you buy new characters gives me more motivation to play!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenfive ratingfive this is extra awful game .
lennine ratingfive i think this a simply best game in android .
lenthree ratingfive thnx imangi studios ^_^
lenfive ratingfive i just love temple run 2 <3
lenfive ratingfive good game could do better
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingone please make it compatible with my my lg optimus chic e720
lenthree ratingfive yeeewww nice game
leneight ratingone it lags all the time no matter what!
lenthirteen ratingone on lg l7 and the imagini screen takes a very long time to load!
leneleven ratingone and i have the newest update of android ice cream sandwich
lentwo ratingone poor game
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game,but i ordered my coins and they never came to me
lenten ratingfive bugs,bugs increase the sensitivity  really hard to collect coins
lenten ratingfive love this game, its one of my favorites tor sure!
leneight ratingfive a must download if your into addictive games!
lenten ratingfive this game is ten times better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive realy nice changes.
lentwo ratingfive total addict
leneleven ratingfive a very fun game even better then the original temple run
leneighteen ratingfour this a a brill game but the monky blocks you when you jump so that could be improved
lenseven ratingfive me encanta mucho mejor que temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive love love love this app
lenthirteen ratingfive those who have given 1 star dey dont hav any sense in gaming field
lenfour ratingfive temple run rocks baby!
leneleven ratingtwo great improvement from the first game, which was already well done.
lenfifteen ratingtwo i would give it a much higher rating if it didn't crash on me.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo as a note to the developer if you see this, when i try to save myself sometimes it will crash the game.
lentwentynine ratingtwo the odd thing is that it keeps track of the gems i used in that run, but does not save the gems or distance i ran to my profile.
lenten ratingtwo as a result, i'm at -2 gems right now lol.
leneight ratingtwo i'm running ics on a razr maxx.
lenten ratingtwo if this problem gets resolved i will increase my rating.
leneight ratingfive it's best game i've ever played
lentwelve ratingfour i love how much this game improved its fun addictive and entertaining .
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 21.3 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthree ratingfive hate this level.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfour this is fully fun game.
lenfour ratingfive entertaining, fun, great game.
lensix ratingfive even better than the first version.
lentwo ratingfour getting better
lenfour ratingfive such an awesome game
lentwenty ratingfive i played temple run more than 2000 times but this a great game new adventures and much more to be discovered.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive the best game i've ever played.i love it!
lenseven ratingthree a good game to kill time . :p
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great.
leneleven ratingfive no lag on my s100 (cm flare) and even in no name 7"
lensix ratingfive tablet 4.0 ics (china) of my son.
leneight ratingfour new feature have add in the temple run 2.
lenten ratingfour but have a little bit dizzy of new running mode.
lennine ratingfive game is fun and better then the first one
lensixteen ratingone the app crashes and doesn't go past the green i screen on the samsung infuse.
lenten ratingone it won't let me play at all. :/ please fix
leneleven ratingone i have download and it will  not work like real no?!
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are amazing.
lennine ratingfive a little lag on samsung galaxy but still fun.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lentwentythree ratingfour everytime i play, no matter when or where, it always glitches up and skips, which usually means a fatal end for guy dangerous.
lenfive ratingfour hoping the update fixes that.
lenten ratingfour i really enjoy this game get it its really fun.
lenseven ratingfive this game is complicated but its fun.!
lenfive ratingfive gopd to play this game
lenfifteen ratingfive the little crumbs that temple run 1 left out.temple run 2 has put them in place !
lenthree ratingfour much improved,  fun!
lenfour ratingfive game is very smooth.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive thanks to imangi devs for fixing issues immediately and good email response.
lenseven ratingfive love it better than the first one
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run!
leneight ratingfive the graphics are good and many feature added.
lensix ratingfive excellent game, all bugs ironed out.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive not as fluid as the original one.
leneighteen ratingfive the character kinda moves when going through crosses which makes me feel that i'm tilting the device.
lennine ratingfive (really bad)  the theme (location) whatever is not cool.
lenthirteen ratingfive there is no clear distinction b/w danger rocks and the normal ones.
lennine ratingfive as a whole a good effort, but it suxxxx!
leneleven ratingfive if you like temple run you will like this one to
lenseven ratingone yeah, there's the title, read it.
lenten ratingfive better graphics, mine stuff is great, specially the mine car.
lentwelve ratingfive now, the game is not monotonous like v1, it makes it really fun!
lennine ratingfive better then temple run!.add new characters and achievements
lentwo ratingfour cant play :(
leneight ratingfive even though it'll freeze sometimes droid charge.
lenfifteen ratingone when i play the game, many times it is not responding with my finger movement.
leneight ratingone even after the update it refuses to open
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphs epic game
lentwentyone ratingfour the only thing i didnt like abt temple run was that you always had to start over when u mess up.
lenseven ratingfour option and the game is near perfect!
lenseven ratingfour even my 4 yr old loves this game!
leneight ratingfour fairly well sequel of original game.good graphics
lentwentythree ratingthree very good game its fun but it has problems it lags and the guy is only on the right side of my screen.
leneight ratingthree he won't move to the other side.
lenfour ratingfive addicted to this game!
lenten ratingfive i love this game much better than the original tr .!
lentwentyeight ratingtwo i love game because this game is better that the old one.i defenetly recamend this.but now when i open it it just logs out whipe loading
lentwo ratingfive super amazing
lentwo ratingfive cant upload!
lennine ratingfive best game ever.so much better than temple run!
lensixteen ratingfive definitely download this game totally worth it and its free can't get any better!:d
lensixteen ratingtwo great game, but lags way too much to the point that i can't play right.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for the new update.
leneleven ratingfive crashed every time i use save me on razr maxx hd
lenfive ratingfive this game is so great.
lentwelve ratingone it installs but when i open it it doesnt load plz fix
lenfive ratingfive wonderful game i like it
lenfive ratingfive i like it like that
leneight ratingfour plz increase  the user senstivity & add more sounds
lenseventeen ratingfour its a bit slow :s . i tried to install game booster from the store but nothing changed.
lensix ratingfour sum times freezes my fone up.
lentwelve ratingfour i think it may be that i have a lot of apps.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the game so much i have no problems and i like challenge games.
lenthree ratingone for temple run.
leneight ratingone it is not responsive in dualcore andd 513mb ram
lenseven ratingfive my son and i love this game. :-)
leneight ratingone laggy on my gs3 even on lowest graphic setting.
lenfive ratingone plz fix for 5 star rating
lensix ratingone not as fun as subway surfer.
lenfourteen ratingtwo ive completed the 1million club objective but my meter for my level didnt even move!
lentwentytwo ratingtwo and its so hard to complete a mission coz you cant choose what mission to finish and end up with difficult missions.
lensix ratingtwo and still lags on my device.
lenseven ratingtwo needs more improvement then ill give a 5.
lentwo ratingfive super graphics
lensixteen ratingone it freezes before i can even get to play please fix i really want to play
lenthree ratingfive ace just ace
leneleven ratingfive nice game very superb than temple run 1 nice graphics simply awesome
lensix ratingthree temple run 1 was much more entertaining.
lenthree ratingfive nice job done !
lenfifteen ratingthree whenever i get more then 1'000 coins in a run it takes away all my coins.
lenten ratingthree when i purchased coins it never gave it to me.
lenfive ratingthree service needs to get better.
lenfive ratingthree its a fun game though.
leneleven ratingfive didn't think it could be better than the first game.
lenfour ratingfive run run and run
lentwo ratingfive absoluetley stunning.
lenthree ratingfive especially the railway.
lensix ratingfive can't wait for temple run 3.
lentwelve ratingfive 1 of the most addictive games i have ever played on my mobile.
lenfour ratingfive awesome new temple run.
lentwo ratingfive love itttttt
lenthree ratingfive great time killer. .
lentwo ratingfive funny games.
lenfourteen ratingtwo please fix the lagg issue as it laggs on my galaxy s3 or else 5 star
lensix ratingone game begins to load then crashes.
lentwo ratingone tried reinstalling.
lenseven ratingone still does not work on droid defy.
lenfive ratingfive greatest upgrade, the best graphics
lenfive ratingfive great improvment from first part.
lennineteen ratingfive i think they must include some stats like how anyone died how many times to make it more intresting.
lenfive ratingfive had.an.excellent gaming experience!:-)
lenseven ratingfive runnig this game on my samsung tab.
lenthree ratingfive its simply awesome!
leneight ratingfive love the animations and the new user interface.
lensix ratingfive this game is awesome great graphics
lentwentyfour ratingthree its good but some obstacles occur far too soon upon turning a corner, leaving you with absolutley no time to respond, even before 1500 metres.
lentwentyfour ratingthree it's quite annoying to be honest, and i can't be bothered to play it because of that :/ hoping that gets fixed soon.
lensixteen ratingthree also, gyro is not responsive enough (apologies if it's possible to adjust that in settings).
lenseven ratingthree will try again at a later date.
lenthirteen ratingfive an entertaining game, but i can't make it past the first level.
leneight ratingfive best game in the world i enjoyed it
lentwentythree ratingfive at first i thought it was 'heavier' than the first temple run but turns out it works very well on my galaxy mini 2.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lensix ratingfive better than the first more challenging .
lensix ratingfive nice game no problems at alll.
lentwelve ratingfour after updating a new versions of temple run 2 my save game disappear.
lensix ratingfour i must play from beginning again.
leneleven ratingfive it's a trillion times better than the old one. :-p
lenfour ratingone barely ever turns ok
lenfour ratingfour time will just fly
lennine ratingthree great game but it doesn't save the coins.
lenfour ratingfour but a bit lag.
lenfour ratingfour hope can improve it. :-)
leneight ratingfive realy good cant stop playing this awsome game
lenthree ratingtwo but overall fine
lenseven ratingfive addicting game can't stop playing it.
lenfour ratingfive very beautiful and soft.
lenfive ratingfive various things to be bought.
lentwo ratingfive beast mode
leneleven ratingfive i love this game its so much better than first one .
lentwentyone ratingfour after i double tap th screen for the special power,it just start and suddenly the power gone and i die.
lennine ratingfour please fix it,thanks. :) nice game,i love it!
lentwo ratingthree download error :-(
lentwo ratingfive great 3d game
lenfive ratingfive try it its veru enjoyable
lentwentythree ratingfive i like the game very very much its graphics very good and when the temple run3 will release i will definitely take the game
lensix ratingfour nice upgrade from older temple run
leneight ratingfive better than the first one by a lot!
leneleven ratingfive some nice additions to the core game play from the original.
lenthree ratingfive very fun game.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.verry addictive.
lenthree ratingfive greetings from lithuania:)
leneight ratingfive this is more interesting than i had anticipated.
lentwentyone ratingone when i try to open temple run 2 it goes back to the main screen and won't let me play it.
lensix ratingfour it costs to much for coins
lenthree ratingfive graphics are amazing.
lensix ratingfive this is better than temple run 1 .
lenseven ratingfive actually the best game on google play !
lennine ratingone shockingly slow on my galaxy s3 after the latest update.
lentwelve ratingfive nice graphic and this game run so smoothly in my galaxy tab.
lenten ratingfive please make this game to be more better and better.
leneleven ratingfive much tougher than temple run 1, and that's a good thing.
lenfive ratingfive i very love this game
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive!
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the game but when you hit the home button a lot of times it freezes up and i don't like it  please fix!
lenfour ratingfour i love.this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive i like the new update on it great game to play
lenten ratingfive first temple run then temple run 2 to keep it going!
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much!
leneight ratingfive my battery is constantly dead because of it
lenthree ratingfive its superb game.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
leneighteen ratingfive it says i only have about a thousand coins but i know that i should have well over 5,000
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingone doesnt works even after update
leneleven ratingfour this game crashes sometimes when i use the save me option.
leneight ratingfour i've lost many high scores this way.
leneleven ratingfour excellent graphics, new features but looks copied some from subway surfers
lensixteen ratingfour the game is gud bt it keeps on hanging in my s3.suddenly becomes irresponsive.plz fix
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive very good time pass
lentwentyeight ratingone just as i downloaded it when i taped onr that game it is not loading fix it please improve the major improvements by two weeks need to play
lentwenty ratingfive the first temple run was ok, but was far more linear and needed much more precision than this enjoyable sequel.
lentwentyfour ratingfive like all intensive games, use a task killer prior to running and set your visual detail in the game settings to avoid any lag.
lennine ratingfive nexus 10 at max settings had no lag for me.
lensix ratingone iy doesn't work on lg e4000
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lensix ratingfive a great game and really enjoyable!
lensixteen ratingfive would be good if the objectives could be accomplished whenever and not like its current way.
lentwo ratingfive nice picture.
lenthirteen ratingfive but please improve performance on xperia ray.i need to overclock to play =(
lenfive ratingfour this is great except laggy
lenfourteen ratingtwo after the last up date still doesn't work on samsung galaxy s 5.0 wifi
lensix ratingfive this is a very great game
lenseven ratingfive always get so lag after "save me"
leneleven ratingfive temple run was good but temple run 2 is so much better!
lenfour ratingone doesnt run. ): please fix
lenfive ratingfive nice to play but hard.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game after temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive really good on my nexus 7 xxx
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing and free, nice
lentwentythree ratingfour brilliant, love it even more than the first one - many imitators but never found one to equal or better either of these games.
lenfortynine ratingfour recommend to everyone - thanks to the developers.'i have downgraded it to 4 stars until the coin issue is solved - unable to get more than 3000 coins before it goes back to the low 100's. emailed the developers, as i know some others have the same issue but not heard back.
leneight ratingfour when resolved i will return it to 5 stars.
lenthirteen ratingfour it a good game but sometimes i half to force it to close
lennineteen ratingfive i thought the first one is a good one, but this one is far more better that the first.
lentwo ratingfive excellent jobs.
lenfour ratingfive i,luv this game
lenseven ratingfour keep up make more developments n improvements.
lenthirty ratingthree hi i downloaded this game and it worked pretty well until i changed the pic quality to "best", it starts lagging, crashing and freezes in certain points of the game.
lenseven ratingthree please fix and i will rate 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingthree im a big fan of your games as they are very fun.
lentwelve ratingthree the device i play temple run 2 on is my phone, htc amaze 4g.
lenfour ratingthree thanks for your consideration.
lenthree ratingfive a great game.
lensix ratingfive a great version of temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i like it.upgrades cool.amazing adventures
lensix ratingfive og game.its d best game
lenfive ratingfive this game is so beast.
lenfive ratingfive loving more than the orignal.
lenfive ratingfive save me feature is great
leneleven ratingfive i recommend this book to every one who enjoys god & jesus
leneight ratingfive this game is solo cool i rate it 5
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original :)
lensix ratingfive overall is a very good game!
lensix ratingfive much more better than temple run 1!
lensix ratingfive but really need the sensitivity setting!
lenthirteen ratingthree the graphics are cool but the game is very glitchy on my samsung g3.
lenfourteen ratingthree it's getting frustrating, which is why i'm only giving a 3 star  rating.
lentwo ratingfive favourite game
lenthree ratingfive finally its release .
lenfive ratingfive good job for imangi studios .
lenten ratingfive muuuuch better than the first one waiting for more characters
leneight ratingfive this game is great but its really hard!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the courses and the challenge and you should get the first one to
lenfour ratingfour this game is amazing!
lenthirteen ratingfour but i bought some coins and some gems but i never received them.
lenthirteen ratingfour highly upset about that but other than that i enjoy playing this game.
lenten ratingfive this game is certainly a step up from temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive it has so many new suprises i love it!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game :)
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so much fun, i can barely put my phone down!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive it's vibrant and fun!
lenfourteen ratingfive as fun as the first with even better graphics and a smoother playing style.
leneight ratingfive this new version of temple run is excellent!
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and good controls!
lenfive ratingfive amazing game u get addicted
lenfifteen ratingthree brilliant game but i have earned 21, 000 coins and it always shows 1, 314 coins, no matter what.
lenseven ratingthree can't and haven't bought anything :(
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics without sacrificing performance
lentwo ratingfive fantastic games
lentwentyfive ratingfive i like this game because it better than most running games and i just luv dat big monkey i wonder if there is a temple run3
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 makes temple run look dated.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics look amazing.
leneight ratingfive this is one game not to be missed.
leneight ratingfour sometimes the game will lag while is running
lennine ratingfour really good game,some bugs but it's fine
lentwentyfive ratingfour a slightly improved version from the first temple run, this keeps you busy for quite some time, but sometimes the controls become unresponsive and laggy.
leneleven ratingfive redefined version is totally owesme.good graphics.smooth runnin of game
lenfive ratingthree it is an excellent game.
lenseven ratingfive it looks better than the last version.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lensix ratingfour awesome improvements over the first one.
leneight ratingfour sometimes a little bit jittery but still good.
lenthree ratingfive hard but cool
lentwelve ratingfive great game, makes you addictive to itself, u play more and more)))
lensixteen ratingthree but in the middle of the game it starts to freeze, slow down so u die.
leneight ratingfive it a cool game to pass some time
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run 1,very much addictive
leneight ratingfive its cool and hard at the same time.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lentwelve ratingone even after the update. .its still not working for the lg thrill 4g.
lennine ratingone poor graphics.moving right and left is very difficult.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so aswum
lenthree ratingfour great time killer
lenten ratingfour could be 5 stars if their were more places and characters
lenseven ratingfive it is really better than temple run 1 .
lennine ratingthree lg opitmus first and second always lags plz fix
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive it is the funnist game i ever played
lenfortysix ratingfour i really like temple run 2, but i think they moved too far away from the first temple run, and im really not happy that the screen doesnt change when you jump or slide because it just doesnt seem natural and messes up the way i play.
lentwentyseven ratingfour tbh i think they should have kept almost everything - if not everything - from the first temple run, and simply implemented the new things to make temple run 2.
leneleven ratingfour if this was true i'd give it an easy 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfour otherwise 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingone there is a point where you hardly get time to take the turn and u fall down instantly.lame.
lennine ratingfive excellent game very addictive lags slightly but  still brilliant :-)
lenseven ratingthree the notification bar light is continuously on.
lenfour ratingthree which drains the battery.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game imangi!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfive ratingfour game needs better motion controller.
lenthree ratingfour graphics are great.
lenfive ratingfour tested on 2 phones so far.
lenthirteen ratingfour the galaxy note 2 and optimus g. both have quad core and 2gb of ram.
lenfour ratingfour need to tweek sensitivity.
lenfive ratingfour first temple run was better.
lenthree ratingfour lg optimus g
lenfive ratingfive had fun playing a game
lenten ratingfour even i mute all sound, the tapping sound still sounding.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the double objective that appeared at the same time, although one of it has been disappeared, the another one won't disappeared.
lenfourteen ratingone and i have a ton of 3d games that take much more ram to run.
lenthirteen ratingone also the swipe up randomly stops working and won't let me jump?
lenten ratingone i can't even jump onto the starting zipline sometimes.
lennine ratingone if you want a running app get subway surfer!
lenfive ratingfive works fine without any lag.!
lenseventeen ratingfive excellent game, amazing graphics, lots of fun to play, lots of scene changes to keep you captivated.
lentwentyfive ratingfive best game it was,best game there is and best game ever will be temple run.imagni studios please bring montana smith to this version !
lentwenty ratingfive i think there should be a place to post the score so we can compare the highest score of all.
leneleven ratingfour than the first one but there still should be more variety.
lenseven ratingfour maybe add some new tracks to unlock?
lentwentyone ratingone it looks fun , but it won't let me play it like it gets frozen when its loading on the android
lenseventeen ratingfour but the game glitches some time and that a problem but it better then the first one?
lenthirteen ratingthree 3 stars because i don't like what they've done with the objectives.
lenfourteen ratingthree i just scored 14million and guess what my new objective is, score 10million. :@ get this fixed.
lenthirteen ratingfour this a great game but i sort of liked the firsy one though
leneleven ratingfive and little buggy on the response to jumping, but great game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive really good but,when you rurnbround a corner it goes to quickly and start to hurt my eyes after a while but apart from them really good:-)
lennineteen ratingthree it always resets every month and when it does that, after i died, it doesnt go to the menu.
lenfive ratingthree other then that awesome game
lenthirty ratingfive this is a cool game but some times i fall and get aten so  my friend is a good temple run 2  she helpes me okay so this game is good :)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive better than the first by a long shot
lensix ratingfive thnx for solving the resolution problem.
lentwo ratingfive ultimate game
lenfifteen ratingfive this game has improved a lot and it always a good game to pass time.
lensix ratingfive my sister enjoys this game most !
lenfive ratingfive this game is awesome lol
lensix ratingfive even more addictive than temple run 1.
lenten ratingfive if you liked temple run 1 you will love temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive make a temple run 3
lensix ratingfive hands down the best app ever.
lentwelve ratingfive very addictive and whole lot of fun,best of all its free.
lenfive ratingfour works great on kindle fire.
lentwo ratingfour love graphics
lenfive ratingfour the game has good graphics.
lennine ratingfour the game is better than the first temple run.
leneight ratingfour my father has it on his ipad mini.
leneight ratingfour but why does apple gets the app first?
leneleven ratingfour sometimes it crashes on my tablet and my father's mini.
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
leneight ratingfive loved the last one but this is harder
lenfortyone ratingfive it is amazing and i play it all the time and it always gets you to play when you see it pop up on tour screen and i love it so so much and i always in my life will play!
lensix ratingfive awesome game but sometimes it lags
lensix ratingfive better than the first, more enjoyable.
lenseven ratingfive great time waster,  works great galaxy note 2
lenten ratingfive working fine on my samsung galaxy ace plus.thanks developers!
lenfour ratingfour best game ever played
leneight ratingfive it's so much better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive i like 2 way better then one
leneleven ratingfive ilove this temple run sooooo much better than the other one!
lentwentyfive ratingfive it is has even more challenging parts espicially when your in the cart underground (reminds me of indiana jones) overall best game so far :d
lensix ratingfive great graphics,  no lag at all.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenfive ratingfive bring new running environments please.
lenten ratingfour this game is full of surprises, which keeps it interesting.
lenthree ratingfour lots of variability.
lensixteen ratingfive i have a collect 500k coins and a college 1mil coins objective but only the 1mil one is updating.
lenfortytwo ratingone i really like the first temple run and i wound love to play this one to but every time i try to play the game it go straight back to my home screen of my cell phone.if you can please help.
lenfive ratingtwo bring back the old version.
lenfourteen ratingtwo because sometimes when i get a coins it does not fill the power meter
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive this version 2 is a killer.
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphic and new challenges.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfour give free green gems. !
lensix ratingthree nice app but hang a lot .
lenseventeen ratingfour worked good for first few days but now it resets all my stats when i go off
lenseventeen ratingfour this game would not get old nearly as fast if it had different maps to run on.
lenthree ratingthree stucks a lot.
lensix ratingthree hopefully aftr update it works better.
lenfour ratingthree showing error "package invalid".
lenten ratingthree i thought this was better than first temple run game.
lentwo ratingfour great app.
lenseven ratingfour so much better than boring olf temple run1
lensix ratingfive i cant stop playing every day.;-)
lensix ratingfive works wonderful and keeps you jumping.
lentwentytwo ratingone running this game on an htc one x. i love the new game and it worked flawlessly when i first installed it.
lenseven ratingone but this update has ruined the game.
lenten ratingone it no longer is responsive enough, and is incredibly frustrating.
lenfourteen ratingone will definitely be a 5 star game when it's fixed and runs well again.
lenseven ratingfour love the way you elevated the levels!
lensix ratingfour need to upgrade quality for samsung s2
leneight ratingfive much more colourful in comparison to the predecessor.
lenfour ratingfive love the new features.
lentwo ratingfive great game ^_^
leneight ratingfive its a great game and its fun too
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive has better graphics and game play to it
lensixteen ratingone can't progress in the game because after a few runs i lose 90% of my coins!
lentwo ratingone extremely annoying.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
leneight ratingfive like the new added demensions of the run
lentwo ratingfive epic win!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so boss!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive best game i have ever played it is so awesome and if you don't have temple run then you should download it too.i have both of the games and they are awesome!
lentwentythree ratingfive if this game has a tracks like a story mood maybe no apps can challenge it.and it will be an excellent work!.
lentwenty ratingfive i have them both on my ipod but i have temple run to on my andriod and i love it
lensix ratingfour needs an option to fix sensitivity
leneleven ratingfive one of the best games imangi has done a good job!
lenthirteen ratingtwo i cant turn really easy its all glitched and takes 5 minutes to load
lensix ratingfour only game i play in phone, s3
lentwentythree ratingfour cool game temple run 3 should be inside the temple and we're trying to get out and we should really have a destination
lenthree ratingfive good time killing
lennine ratingtwo frequently crashes, but i can still enjoy the game.
lensixteen ratingone this game i downloaded and uninstalled five time and still kicks me out of the app?
lenten ratingfive favorite game for my phone hands down and works great
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lentwentytwo ratingfive works sooooooo much better with the update it's alot more smoother love the new update made the game that much better: )
lensix ratingone it doesn't slide it jumps.
lenfour ratingfour absolutelt love this game
lentwentyone ratingfive the greatness of this game and its developer is they dont take advantage of their great game to get more credits!
lenthirteen ratingfive everyone loves this game and they dont use that to make more money.
lenthirtyone ratingthree i like the game but it sucks that you can't before of the gems to save you if it had that it would be the best game on the market
lentwentythree ratingfive i now the game is  good and all but when i got it didn't work so i hope some one fix it
lensix ratingfive this game couldnt get any better
leneleven ratingfive fun and challenges are good too, much better than original game
lensix ratingfive lots of fun, good time waster.
leneighteen ratingtwo it crashes a lot but its still a fun game ill rate it a 5 when it stops crashing
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run
lenseven ratingone i must have tried downloading five times.
lenten ratingone i was really excited because i love the first one
lenthree ratingfive s enjoying game
lenfifteen ratingthree only in note 2.but in s advance it laggy a lot.please fix for "low"
leneight ratingfive i luv it much better than the first
lentwentyone ratingfive alm de haver mais recursos e coisas interessantes em rela艫o ao primeiro, esta verso de temple run roda ainda melhor no meu galaxy sii.
lensix ratingfour much better than temple run one.
lentwenty ratingfour could do with an overall smoother transitioning through screens and maybe a different theme if you're up for it.
lennine ratingone on my phone, samsung infuse, the game always crashes.
lentwelve ratingone my friend has it on his iphone and it looked very fun.
leneight ratingfive its rock our world when we play it.
lenfive ratingfive great game and excellent graphic.
lenfive ratingfive good for entertainment and relax.
leneight ratingone this update made it lag on my galaxy s3
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i have ever played.
leneight ratingfive game is a lot better than the first.
leneighteen ratingfive its actually a little challenging now and the bigger monkey is a lot cooler than the little monkeys
lenfour ratingfive greatest temple run era.
lenthree ratingfive wow absolutely amazing
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so awesomeeeeee!
lentwelve ratingfour this app is awesome,no bugs,no lag, no glitches, no problems.
lenseven ratingfour its cool 2 times better than the first.
leneighteen ratingfour oh one more thing please add montana smith in characters like you did in the first one please.
lenfive ratingfour thanks for the great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour but whenever i play like after 3 times it erases all my coins and powers 4 star because of it; please fix. -mike
lentwentyeight ratingfour i have a samsung galaxy s adavance and the game is great just a little glitchy sometimes and not allways as responsive to movements as it could be.
lenthirty ratingfour so that would be something i really hope could be fixed and i really enjoy the game it is awesome but only 4 stars till slightly better graphics and better responsiveness.
lenthree ratingfive i loveee iitt ;)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfour best game i ever played but not good than subway surfers
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome game had a couple of gliches in it with the update they fixed some of them
lenfive ratingfive the best game ever played.
lensix ratingfive much much better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfour its awesome great experience of playing games
lenseven ratingfour it's much better than temple run 1 .
leneight ratingfour but it has problem with response some time.
lenthirteen ratingfour if they fix it,ganna be the best game in the play store.
lentwelve ratingfive i have been waiting for a year temple run 2 finally so great
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lennine ratingfive excellent game superb graphics,user friendly controls, wonderful characters.  .
lenten ratingfive a really marvales visual and brilliant grafix effects so nice.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive extra game !
lensixteen ratingfour overall this game is awesome but like most game series, the first is mostly the best.
lenfive ratingfour this game has awesome graphics.
lentwelve ratingfour first impressions; i like this game and i suggest everyone install it.
lenseven ratingfive best temple run i have ever seen
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyfour ratingfour it is a really good game but a couple of times it didn't detect my swipes so ya but still an amazing game
lenfour ratingfive animation is so smooth.
lenfifteen ratingfive is so much better than the 1st one, so many new features that make it interesting!
lenthree ratingfive great job devs!
lentwentysix ratingtwo it is okay but i like the old one better.too much has been added and you really can't see when u turn the corner
lenfour ratingfive its a nice game.
lennine ratingone dont work on htc desire uninstall till next update
leneleven ratingfive it's real cool on ma s3 one x and one v .
lenthree ratingfour fun and addicting.
lentwentyfive ratingfour however, even after the update the glitch where certain objectives like circumnavigator and gold miner appear more than once and don't go away persists.
lenfive ratingone couldn't even download it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive super cool!
lenseven ratingthree nt the same as the old game.
lennineteen ratingfive this game is way better then the 1st one it is a great game you guys should really get it
lenthirteen ratingfour its very good but i wish there were 2 courses you could run through
lensix ratingone make it for samsung galaxy ace!
lenten ratingthree great game until it decided to delete everything i had.
lentwelve ratingthree all my achievements, coins, gems, and all the other players i bought.
lennineteen ratingthree now the tutorial doesn't shut off and i can't turn it off because then the game freezes.
lennine ratingfive kudos to imangi studios for creating this wonderful game.
lensix ratingfive a vast improvement from previous version
lenthirtythree ratingone it doesnt work for le pan tc170 or 190 or something.it sucks i was looking forward to playing but it just sits at the home screen and does nothijg and sometime freezes dit up .
leneight ratingfive this is an addictive game.well worth downloading
lenten ratingfive this game is amazing with the cart and the rope
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive!
lennine ratingfive i've been playing it straight for a week
lenfive ratingthree nai gotinata igra na sveta.
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lennine ratingfour still a good number of bugs it seems like.
lensixteen ratingfour crashes sometimes when using revive, coins randomly disappear from your bank, and it lags a bit.
lenfifteen ratingfour but since it's new i'm sure these problems will be addressed with time.
lenseven ratingfour good but it doesnt load every time
lensixteen ratingfour this game would be five stars but even after the fix i got 2objectives of 1mil lifetime meters.
leneleven ratingfour i had completed 1 already and have 1.2mil meters in my status.
lentwentyone ratingfour please do something abou t it becase its annoying if u have to spend few hours to do the same obj.
lennineteen ratingfour but a bit laggy and tilt sensitivity is poor .hope next update fix the problems and u get 5 stars :)
lenfive ratingfive superb gaming experience for mobiles.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive ;-)
leneight ratingfive this game is beter dat the first one
leneighteen ratingfour i enjoyed the game but i would turn left and it goes straight and i end up dieing.
lentwo ratingfive intresting game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneleven ratingfour it nice but feature of the  first temple run is better.
leneight ratingfour but it's a game i do enjoy.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lennine ratingfive great game, innovative, just that it lags a bit.
lenten ratingfour would be 5 stars if you could adjust the tilt sensivity!
lentwentyseven ratingfour great game but kindly fix bug issues when i click the gem it will automatically close and go back to my  phone 'home' bcos of that 4 stars
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game.
lenseven ratingfive keep going :) waiting for temple run 3 hahahahaha.
lentwo ratingfive soo addictive.
lenten ratingfour great game,but graphics dominated  gameplay.otherwise i wish 5 star
leneighteen ratingfive fun game, i play on my kindle, but it slows down all phones that i try it on.
lenfour ratingfive the best game evh
lenfour ratingone it downloads real slow.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive right one for me and ma kids!
lentwo ratingthree great experience  .
lentwo ratingfour hangs sometimes!
lenfive ratingone this is my favorite game!
lenfortytwo ratingone would be fun to play,  however there are so many glitches that you die so often and way before you should cuz it freezes up and forces you to fall off a cliff or not jump or hit a tree.needs work
leneighteen ratingfive bugs,bugs increase the sensitivity  really hard to collect coins inspite of this its  a five star game
leneleven ratingfive very fun game it has alot of new features i like
lensix ratingfour for some reason it keeps glitching.
leneleven ratingfour it's really annoying and it happens at the wrong time.
lenseven ratingfour good game never played the first game
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenfive ratingtwo lags and stops needs updates!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingthree there should be a sensitivity setting like on temple run
lentwentyfour ratingfour it is a nice game but it now nd den gets stuck n my optimus l7.kindly fix it   otherwise it's d best game
lentwo ratingfive awesome gamee
lentwo ratingfive beast mode
lenfour ratingfour but its abit easy.
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game.  :-)
lenfive ratingfour very good for playing momment
lennine ratingfive temple run 1 was fun bit this game is awesome!
lentwentyone ratingfour its really a lot of fun but it could fix the lag just a little bit and i will give it 5 :3
lenthree ratingfive beat game ever!
lenfive ratingfive super cool and super awesome.
lentwo ratingfive thanks dev.
lentwentyone ratingfive i so loved the forst 1 and now this.i feel like jane from tarzan when i play it's so cool;.)
lenfourteen ratingtwo not very good graphic quality compared to temple run 1, even the upgrades is unreasonable.
lenten ratingone who ever thought of the mine car should get fired.
lensixteen ratingfive the new additions to temple run not only surpassed my expextatuons, it had me running wild.
lenseven ratingfive super game.need some bug fixing though
lenfive ratingfour very nerve racking and difficult!
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics are awesome and i like the other little types of running away
lenseven ratingfour works great on on my samsung note 2.
lentwentyeight ratingfour but sometimes when i try to swipe it either right or left or jump over a cliff, it reacts so late that results to falling of my idol.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game it kinda took the place of subway surfers.
lentwelve ratingfive but still needs work i lose coin in almost every fix it!
lensix ratingfour almost all the lag is gone!
lenten ratingfour now i no longer die because of the lag lol.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenthree ratingfive cool and fun
leneleven ratingfive this is was most creativite of directer this game was super
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing!
lenthree ratingfour free and fun.
lensixteen ratingfive a bit jumpy here and there but, i love the new look and trails and dangers!
lenseven ratingfive can't stop playing it , thanks guys !
lenten ratingfive it's excellet :) so addictive and very imaginative :) 5/5 for me :):):)
leneight ratingfive this game is way funnier then temple run 1
lenfive ratingfour but fix the tilt asap.
lenthirtyseven ratingone this is an amazing game, and i love it, but, i have a constant lagg where i can't get more than 2,000m without the screen freezing or lagging me into a tree or off a cliff.
lennine ratingone please fix and i will rate 5 stars no problem.
lennine ratingone wont play on my phone :( this is so horrible
lenthree ratingfive awesome just awesome
lenfour ratingfive nic but vry simple.
lenthree ratingfive vry entretanig game
lentwelve ratingthree wish there was a way to share your score on fb though.
leneight ratingfive awesome game they should make a remple run 3
lennine ratingfive this game must deserve a 5 star :d so addictive!
leneight ratingfour good game but temple run one is better
lenthirtytwo ratingfive for the next update you guys should add objectives so every time you pause the game you will be able to see the objectives instead of just quiting and checking the obj.
leneighteen ratingfive what if you forget to check the objectives and the you have to finish your game then check.
lenfive ratingfive so please add this advice.
lenseven ratingfour very fun and cool as the first.
lentwelve ratingthree tried to open it but it just force closed, really disappointed guys.
lenseven ratingfour it's a fun game to play.
lenseven ratingfour i agree would like to see levels.
lenthree ratingfour more definitive advancement.
lenfour ratingfour over all great game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game to play
lenfive ratingone i'm a little frustrated.
lentwentythree ratingone i will save up a bunch of coins, then once i finish a run i'll go out and they'll be gone.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingtwo skip while playing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive superb game hatsoff to imangi team
lenthirtyfour ratingfour this game is too addictive.i've played this game a lot.but the main problem is that there is no sensitivity setting for accelerometer.please provide it and i'll give you 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive love the graphics, its fun.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingone i've bought coin doubler but nothing happened!.
lensix ratingone my email is also not responded!.
lennine ratingfive its so interestin n makes me wanna play more
lennine ratingfour fab game. .better than the 1st and just as addictive
lenfive ratingfive awesome game, just really awesome
lenfive ratingfive it's an amazing game.
lentwentynine ratingfive everything works so fine but i think it would be better if android phone can share the score to other sites like facebook and weibo other than twitter only. :)
lenfive ratingfive hey temple run 2 final destination
lentwelve ratingtwo my app runs extremely slow and lots of other problems please fix.
lenten ratingtwo before my update it was ok but now its worse
lenfour ratingone temple run 1 is better.
lenfive ratingfive like this game very much
lenthirtyseven ratingfive this game is an improved version of the previous temple run, with a more efficient power-up system, better graphics, longer (but not necessarily easier) runs, and a new gem system to add diversity to the game!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lentwentynine ratingfour my only complaint is that when i set the game for no sound, there are still click sounds on menu choices and the footsteps sound plays in the game.
leneleven ratingfour it makes my wife upset when i play it in bed.
leneleven ratingthree i keep receiving a message that says package file is invalid.
lentwentythree ratingone on my htc droid incredible 2 when i open the application it shows the imangi studios screen for about 15 seconds then the application closes.
lentwelve ratingone i have installed and reinstalled the app and this problem still occurs.
lentwelve ratingone update: after the new update i am still having the same problem.
lentwo ratingfour great fun!
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever.
lensixteen ratingfive i like the graphics and there are many more things to do on this temple run
leneleven ratingone it always crashes on my samsung infuse when i get on.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingone it used to be very fun but now its like subway surfer but without all the fun.
lenfive ratingfive this is one awesome game
lentwelve ratingfive good time killer like now while i'm at the mechanic shop.
lentwo ratingfour better graphics
lenfour ratingfive awesome game,  good colors
lenfive ratingfour my kids love this game!
lensix ratingfour great game but a little buggy
lenfour ratingfive wicked game great sequal
lenseventeen ratingfour the amount of lag is noticeably large which shouldn't be a problem on a tegra 3 device.
lennine ratingfour it's fine once guy switches to the minecart.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive works beautifully on my nexus s. the controls are a little odd at first, (you'll see what i mean when you play for the first time) but you can easily get used to it.
lensixteen ratingfive i love how there's more of a variation of the locations that you run in.
lenseven ratingfive best game on google play, no doubt.
lenfourteen ratingfour the power meter got a bug cuz it fills sometimes and sometimes it doesnt
lenseventeen ratingfive do it more well make temple run 3 in which if we double clik a eagle helps us
lenfour ratingfive just love the game.
lenthree ratingfive totally addicting. :p
lentwo ratingfive zakkas game
lenfourteen ratingone it goes to load screen and then closes out back on my home screen.
lenten ratingone i see alot if people with a motorola triumph complaining.
lentwo ratingfive grate game
leneleven ratingfive amazing game.new version is far better than the older one.
leneight ratingfive yes i'm waiting this for long time
lentwentyone ratingfive the greatness of this game and its developer is they dont take advantage of their great game to get more credits!
lenthirteen ratingfive everyone loves this game and they dont use that to make more money.
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i go to open the game it crashes, would like to play.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this app is ohh sooo awesome hint:you can slide it at the turns a little before and you can dunk or jump over fire!hope my hints are helpful .bye!:);)
lentwentyfour ratingfive already made 36lakhs :d the coins come very often so its damm easy to collect coins and upgrading stuff :d tip for ace plus users .
lensixteen ratingfive go to settings amd change the quality to the lowest .u wil experince very less lagg
lenfifteen ratingtwo picking up two magnets/shields in a row doesn't extends the power up time.
leneight ratingtwo simply ends when the first was supposed to
leneight ratingone nice game but it lag on my cp
lenfour ratingfive surpasses the first title
lennineteen ratingthree after update i lost all my progress in game i can't collect powerups, i just fly through them.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree after death when i press 'save me' od 'skip' the game freezes and after restart it acts like i never played before - no progress from the first game before crash is recorded.
lenfive ratingfive awsome never problems very addictive
lenthirty ratingfive its the 3d version of temple run 1 .there's no lagginess and the animation is epic!you will never regret downloading this!i swear that u will definitely addict to it.
lenfour ratingfive has my family hooked.
lentwelve ratingthree this game is so laggy at points and it freezes a lot.
lenfifteen ratingthree when i turn it still flies off the map because of how laggy it is.
lentwentyfive ratingthree also, i'm a level 8 and when i go to use the coin magnet power up that requires level 5 it says i need more coins.
leneight ratingthree other than that it's a fun game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfive it looks fun,but it force closes when i start.please fix this
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingfour it's a good game but there are some glitches that should be fixed immediately
lennine ratingfive i got comfuse playing this game but its fun
lensix ratingtwo this game contains soooooo much lag.
leneleven ratingtwo when lag is bad it males your device slow and unuseable.
lenseven ratingtwo they really need to sort it out!
lentwo ratingfour awsome game
lenfive ratingone still wont let me play.
lennine ratingone keeps freezing at the imangin title screen please fix
lenfifteen ratingone evry time i wana play it doesnt open won let me play it force closes
leneleven ratingfive great game, no lags and way more features than first game.
lenfourteen ratingfive one thing needs changed, being able to buy save me with $$$ needs to happen!
lennine ratingfour it's 4 coz da route is not long enough.
lenfive ratingfour it's repeating every time.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this is the best game ever is better than temple run the first one is soo cool must install your going to love it ;)
lenfourteen ratingfour it is a very cool game better than temple run 1 and temple run brave
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing:) temple run 3 coming soon
lenfour ratingone won't even load
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game
lensix ratingfive that game is awsome play it!
lensix ratingfive excellent graphics, my favourite time pass:-)
lenten ratingone even after the update the game still won't load.
lenten ratingthree good game little but laggy in galaxy s with cm 10.1.
lenfourteen ratingthree i have a problem with the game the gold gets reset after crossing 3000 gold.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i like the handling of the player which is better than orignal temple run and that helps me in running longer distances .
leneight ratingfive this game is so addictive cant stop playing
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenfive ratingfive best game amongst i play.
lenseventeen ratingfive i ? this game   i thought the first one was great but then i downloaded this one  xx?
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is a really fun game everyone should play it
lentwo ratingone amazin game .
lentwelve ratingfour simple update to temple run, but needs a bit getting used to!
lenseven ratingfive luv this game .same and very good
lenseventeen ratingfour laggy on turns and powerups and gems appear way to late to actually be able to get
lensix ratingfive i thought temple run 2 was amazing.
lennine ratingfive my favorite parts were the mines and the ziplines
lenten ratingone i have an lg thrill 3d and it wont even open!
lenseven ratingone sends me straight back to the homescreen!
leneleven ratingfive this game is too good to be free :p highly recommended*****
lenfive ratingfive awesome and a little harder
lentwo ratingfive totally addicted
lensixteen ratingfour its a fun game, but it keeps on lagging real bad which kills me really easy.
lentwentyfour ratingone i've heard that temple run 2 is amazing, but for some reason i can't play it on my phone, it keeps force closing!
lensix ratingone please fix & i will rate 5 stars!
lentwentyone ratingfour love it great graphics but harder controls that the first it has low sensitivity and it doesn't tilt very smoothly
lenfive ratingfive great game get it now !
lentwentyeight ratingfive this version of the game has much better graphics, more interesting pathways, like the zip-line at the beginning and the cart on the railroad in the mine.
lensix ratingfive the addition of the "save me"
lentwentysix ratingfive option shows that the audience can have a slight chance of redemption, as long as they have collected a green gem or two along the way.
lenten ratingfive overall, this game is much better than its formal counterpart.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingthree but it freezes and then when it un freezes i always die.
lenthree ratingfive love playing it.
lenthirtysix ratingthree my 2 yr old loves this game and he wanted to be the girl, scarlet fox, so i paid for the coins and upgraded to her but after a few times playing she is no longer available.
lentwelve ratingone the menu takes up all of my screen and lags like crazy!
leneight ratingone take the menu off and ill play it!
lentwelve ratingfive with the new update it closes by it's self update please
lenfive ratingfive vry awesome grphcs .gd designeed
lenten ratingone i can't download an i want this soooo  bad.
lenten ratingone i have a samsung tablet 7.0 an it keeps saying error.
leneight ratingfour better than the first with some good graphics!
lenseven ratingfive a lot better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive have fun playing it
leneight ratingtwo i dont know how to star someone help:{
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingone por favor arreglen eso.
lenfour ratingone ya estaba en nivel 7
lensix ratingone it doesn't want to load
lentwo ratingfive exhalent game
lensix ratingfive you've done the near impossible.
leneleven ratingfive and improved upon an already near flawless game in temple run 1!
lennine ratingfive this is my favortest game for a cell phone!
leneight ratingfour nice game i think i might be hooked
lenfourteen ratingfour this temple run is more fun has more graphics u will really enjoy it
lentwelve ratingfour i bought karma lee but i cant get 500 coins using double  tap.
lennine ratingfour after the update, no image found after each game.
lensix ratingfour black picture only but with text.
lensix ratingfive best game ever omg love it
lensixteen ratingfour fun graphics and easy game play with objectives and incentives to help time pass when bored.
lenten ratingfive the overall experience is great n all bugs been mitigated
lenfive ratingfive great experience of gaming . :-d:-\:-\:-\:-\:-\
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome!
leneight ratingone its terrible and lame the first is better.
lenfive ratingfive you outdid yourself this time.
lennine ratingfive great game, so much more fun than the original.
lenthree ratingfive simple and funny :-)
lennine ratingfour when i collect two of the same power ups.
leneight ratingfour it's like they cancel each other out.
lenseventeen ratingfour also when i turn down the music and the sound, i can still hear footsteps on my s3
lentwelve ratingfive now u play it better with jumbo supercool graphics and excellent interface.
lensix ratingthree but skips on a htc one
lenfive ratingfive great game, love the graphics.
leneleven ratingfive a game that keeps you on your toes and not boring.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingthree quiet often it lags in my samsung galaxy tab 10.1
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 done it again.
lenthirteen ratingfive it runs better on android than ios6.gr8 game good changes.keep it up imangi
lentwelve ratingthree the running sound is still on even after turning off the sounds.
leneight ratingthree there's a problem in tilting n jumping.
lentwelve ratingfive great and fun and i hope that you guys make temple run 3
lenten ratingtwo 500, 000  coins objective is shown twice even after the buff update.
lenthree ratingfive loved this game.
lensix ratingfive running well in samsung galaxy note
lenten ratingfive mast hai.but thoda hang ho jata hai beech mein
lenfive ratingone not sure yesterday wouldent start
leneighteen ratingfive it's so cool and better than other running games and better than the original temple run also.
lennine ratingthree its a great game but it has a glitch.
lenfourteen ratingthree and its bothering me, because i always pauses then i die please fix this.
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game cant put it down & keeps running my battery down.lol!
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run is great, but this one, with its additions is just great!
lennine ratingfive it is a masterpiece once again from imangi studio!
lenthree ratingfive absolutely fantastic man!
lenseven ratingfive it is much better than temple run !
lennineteen ratingfive the new theme & the new features are making the game more interesting & making me to stay on with it .
lenfifteen ratingone this game constantly freezes when i die and when i try to change the settings.
leneleven ratingone i can't open temple run it force closes its self!
lenseven ratingone someone help me i'm using sidekick 4g.
lenfour ratingfive this is nic app.
lenfour ratingfive moe betta than temple 1!
lenfifteen ratingfour it could use a few more things like its just like the old temple run.
lentwenty ratingone such it wont lut me even go on the fricken game cause its a piece of crap crao crap bullcrap
lenseven ratingfive highly improved graphics with mesmarising location & sound.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and nicely set
lenten ratingfive nice job done by imangi studio its very challanging game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive awesum game.
lensix ratingfive only one little glitch iv noticed.
lenseventeen ratingfive sometimes when jumping between gaps or bridges the character just flies off the screen and i die.
lentwentyone ratingone the game doesn't work on my samsung infuse, but i have played it elsewhere and it is a great game
lensix ratingfive i love this game too good
lentwentyone ratingtwo it keeps on crashing when i start it -_- i think the first one is way better this one fails at start
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive aint better than subway surfers thoe.
lenfive ratingfive this game is very fun.
lenfifteen ratingfour often freezes on my s3.the only thing that i could press is the back button.
lenfive ratingfive great game loving the minecart
leneight ratingtwo works terrible after latest update on my droid x2.
lenfourteen ratingfive although some more motivating challenges would be nice it is a very entertaining piece
lenseven ratingfour looks good and has more to do.
leneleven ratingfour now you gave to collect coins or cant jump some cliffs
lenfiftyone ratingfour this game is the best the power ups are awsome the adventure is awsome but when playing the game the pause button is to close to wear my hand is holding my phone please put a option wear you can select were the pause button goes overall i love this game
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirtyone ratingtwo i tried downing loading it many of times and it worked the few times but when i tried to open it and play it it keep going out get it fix
lentwentythree ratingfour it would have been better if all the achievements could be completed at anytime instead of in sets to reach the next level.
lenseven ratingfour miss that of the original temple run
lentwentyone ratingfive this game works even better with the update .but what i ask for is to add some quests on this game.
lenfive ratingfive it will improve ratings & downloads!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 you should try it and you would love it to
lenseven ratingfive very fun and hard to put down.
lenten ratingfive muuuuch better than the first one waiting for more characters
lenten ratingthree was good before update, now it's lagging really badly.
lentwentysix ratingfour please put a sensitivity setting in the options menu like the first one i keep dying cuz its not registering the tilt all the time thanks
lenten ratingone you really need to fix the bug on this device.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics.full entertainment!
lensixtythree ratingone i just updated this game and when i started it up i lost everything i worked hard to get, fully upgrading the powerups, unlocking the characters etc. (so to the ppl handling this game, if another update is needed in the future, make sure we won't have to suffer going through unlocking/upgrading things again for a update).i was really upset
lentwelve ratingfive unlike brave version of temple run this will surely not disappoint you
lennine ratingfour works great, something to use if you're board.
lentwo ratingfour kills time.
lennine ratingone this game is not fully support to my phone.
lennine ratingone please upgrade it  others wise it i give 5 star
lensix ratingone the game won't even open.
lenfive ratingone i just want to play!
lenfive ratingfive working good on samsung tab 2
lentwentythree ratingfive great, although as others have said, it lags at times that can make it where i fly off the side of the run.
lentwentyfour ratingthree even when i mute the sounds in game, the click sounds still work plus the step sounds are there too, which is quite annoying
lenfourteen ratingone i've downloaded this game 3 or 4 times because i really would like to play.
lennine ratingone but everytime i download it it doesn't work.
lennine ratingone it comes up the first screen and then stops.
leneleven ratingone would be nice to fix this i'd love to play.
lenten ratingone temple run 1 works just fine on my android lg thrill
lenfourteen ratingone it always force closes when i open please fox because its a great game!
lentwentysix ratingthree i like the game but whenever i try to play now on the loading screen the game dousnt want to load just goes back to home.
leneight ratingfive next update can you add a new location
lenfive ratingfive great game its really fun!
lenfour ratingfour i love temple run 2!
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i bought some more coins and they took the money out my account, but didn't give me the amount of coins that i bought.
lenten ratingtwo so i wasted 5.99 on something that i didn't get.
leneight ratingfour to much lag always cause me to die
lenthirteen ratingtwo under powerups it says cost 1 gem but when clicked on it take 2 gems
lenseventeen ratingfive i'm in love with this game once uh start playing ain't no stopping download now
lenthirteen ratingfive great game with fun new additions such as the mine's and ropes.
lenfour ratingfive perfect for passing time!
leneight ratingfive love the new terrain, powers, scenery, obstacles, everything!
leneight ratingfour good only thing is it lags at times .
lenfive ratingthree this is an amazing game.
lenforty ratingtwo this game is laggy on my samsung galaxy 3 trying to make a turn screen pauses and then i run into wall when trying to make a right turn that's bs still way better on my ipad3 can get higher score
lentwenty ratingfive those of you who say that it doesnt work its because your phones are crappy and so is the company.
lentwentyeight ratingfive change your phone and the company and thats it, you dont see others  complaining that it doesnt work cuz clearly they are enjoying playing the game so stop!
lenfour ratingfive 4 milyon yaptim super oyun
lenfour ratingfive please install it fast .
lennine ratingone crashes as soon as opened don't download it !
leneight ratingfive they did it another awesome game five stars :)
lenten ratingfive harder obstacles and acheivements make for an overall better experience.
lennine ratingfive way better than the first one.i'm.addicted!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingone objective 500'000 life time coin  comes twice so that reaching 9th level delaying planned to uninstall
lenthree ratingfive beat this game
lenthree ratingfive oh my dayum!
lenfour ratingfive its fun and addicting
leneleven ratingfive wow way better than the.first the bug fixes really help
lenfourteen ratingfour good game.very entertaining and fun but there has some delayed moving of characters.
leneight ratingfour however, i'm so addictive to play it.
lenten ratingone didn't like the new way of collection of coins
lenfour ratingone have an lg thrill.
lenfour ratingone doesnt work on motorola mb520
lentwentyfive ratingfour nice game excellent graphics but the problem is it want close .i have to goto the task manager for closing.and some tym it stucks
lenthree ratingthree lags a lot.
lenseven ratingthree keep dying because short freezes while running.
lentwo ratingfive nice comment
lenfourteen ratingfour ok bud but yeah no invisibility, 3x magnets, gems don't like it, want wings
lenthree ratingfive really nice game!
lentwentyfive ratingfive enjoyable until you not see the end of the road.i wonder if there's really an end to this road they're runnin'.hehe
leneight ratingfive good job! :-) everyone seems enjoying playing this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the talk of the town :-) everyone is beating their own top score.
leneight ratingfive please keep on updating this game :-) almost perfect
lentwo ratingfive tougher challenges.
lentwo ratingfive nice upgrade.
lentwo ratingfive awesom game
lenthree ratingfive cool and awesome
lennineteen ratingthree can you guys please fix it on my kg maurqee 3g it got laggy and then i will rate a 5star
leneight ratingfive great game and runs smooth on my samsung s3.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensixteen ratingfive its so much more realistic and the power ups are a great addition to the game.
lenthree ratingthree okk lik it
lensixteen ratingfour can't tilt screen anymore since the update.fix that and i'll it five stars.
lentwentytwo ratingfour when i played this game i was getting the hang of it and now i have falling in love with the game.
lenfour ratingfive great and fun game!
lenfour ratingfive hours of unstopplabe entertainment.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is very fun and much better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive hi mom.
lensix ratingfour i died because of the lag.
lentwo ratingfour fun game!
leneleven ratingthree while i'm playing it keeps freezing for a few seconds.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i am just donwloadig this and i want to know how good is it but i think that it will be a good game.
lentwelve ratingfive but still tell me if it is good, awesome, or not awesome
lentwo ratingfive 1 word - fantastic!
lenfive ratingfour great game i like it.
lenfive ratingfive great game to play ,challenging!
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lentwelve ratingfive better than the original and not as predictable but surprisingly more addictive
leneight ratingfive way better then the first one, good job!
lenfour ratingfive can't quit playing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour please keep adding objectives and characters.
lenseven ratingfour the evolution is what makes it fun!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game and great graphics
lentwelve ratingone even with this update it still doesn't open on my phone.
lenfive ratingone i have the lg optimus 3d.
lentwentynine ratingfive runs amazing on my galaxy sii with no lag, i just wish there was more places to run like the rock a dock area on the first temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive this is awesome, just as good if not better than the last one.
lensix ratingfive it kills time like nothing else.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingone i cnt play it
lenthirtyseven ratingfive make a new one every year because that would be solo wicked so what do you say are you with me please respond back p.s                                           not to mention but you will get a lot of downloads!
lenten ratingfive its better then all the games actually the the best
lentwenty ratingfive i love the apand the performance of it but it need more characters but overall it's an epic application
lenseven ratingfive fun and addicting no problem at all
lensix ratingfive great sequel to a great game.
lenfour ratingfive and even more addictive
lenfive ratingfive great, addictive game, highly recommend!
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
leneight ratingfive they really upped the ante on this one.
lensix ratingfive the first was fun & addictive enough.
lenfive ratingfive the sequel is even better.
lensixteen ratingfive rope swings, mine cart rides, collectible gems & the graphics have so much more detail, its amazing.
lenthree ratingfive great phone game.
lenfour ratingfive definitely in my top 5.
leneleven ratingfour i love the game but every time i tap ''save me''
lennine ratingfour it force closes temple run, please fix this bug.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i love this game but for some reason when i get my coin balance to 5000 plus in the next game i play it goes down to 3000 coins it deducts 2000 coins from me .
lennineteen ratingtwo i try to collect coins so that i can buy powerups etc but it deducts 2000 coins all the time
lenthree ratingfive superb game play
lenfortyfive ratingone at first it was fine but now it starts to skip not doin what my finger is doin won't go left and this is annoying now i c why its free ur lucky i gave u guys 1 star bc u don't deserve none
lenfive ratingfive awesome game, awesome graphics. .addictive
lentwentyone ratingthree really fun until you go farther than level five then it dumps you out if you try to use a save
lentwelve ratingfive its very fun so when i'm bored i play temple run 2.
lenfive ratingfive alot better than temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfive its basically the same as temple run 1 but the scenery has changed and there are ropes and caves.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great.
lenfive ratingfive and its a nice sequel.
lentwo ratingfive galaxy siii
lenthree ratingfive fun but adictive
lenfive ratingfive nice game to kill boredom
lenfour ratingfive omg!i love it!
lentwelve ratingthree this update has caused the game to lag more on my device.
lenfourteen ratingthree the visual style is nice and having the trail not perfectly straight is interesting.
lenten ratingthree glad to see they didn't change the formula much.
lenten ratingthree however, i would like to see a sensitivity setting added.
lenthirteen ratingthree i hate having to tilt my phone 30? degrees to keep to one side.
lentwentyone ratingthree also after a while it starts skipping frames a lot and lagging, which is frustrating when you're in the groove.
lentwentyone ratingfour would give it a 5 but everytime i play it always presses pause.move pause sign to the top or something please!
lenthirteen ratingone the game downloads but  when i try to open it the game closes.
lensixteen ratingone it does not work on my driod x. up grade did not work for my phone.
lenfour ratingfour me encanta este juego
lenfour ratingfour better that temple run 1
lennine ratingfive loved the first one.this one is more awesome.
lensixteen ratingone downloaded app and it will not load please fix the problem fast on my samsung sidekick
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfiftyseven ratingfive the game is running on the phone but the icons and the game itself cant fit to the screen of the phone.i.e icons are very large and cover almost half the area of the screen and only a small area can be viewed while playing.the game is not optimized for low resolution screen phones.
lenfive ratingfive update- bug fixed.!.working flawlessly.!
leneight ratingfour a bit not good enough to satisfy me
lentwelve ratingone not working in defy pls fix i thought new fixes would work .
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play.
lenseventeen ratingfour it's fun i would play it all day it's way better than the first one.
leneleven ratingfive for next update make it so you research high-speed run.
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lensix ratingfive a classic game never gets old
lentwo ratingfive super boss
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwenty ratingfive awesome upgrade i love the challenge it offers with all the turns, slides and jumps keep up the great work ;)
lenthree ratingfive amazing game play.
lenfive ratingfive i love it, it mad :)
lensix ratingfive this game is an excellent game
lenthirtyfour ratingfive it's a really good game but there's this bug where if you get a boost power up and then you use your sprint power by double tapping you stay at that speed
lentwo ratingfive cool game :)
lenfive ratingfive excellent game.temple run rockssss.
lenthirteen ratingone this game keeps freezing and going back to the home page please fix! :(
lentwo ratingfive amazing game! <3
lenseven ratingfour good graphics , but the monster is ugly.
leneighteen ratingfive it is a good game but sometime it is difficult to score more the game graphics r awesome
lenseven ratingfive this game is better than the first
leneleven ratingfour this game is so fun i could play it every  day?
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome its soooo addictive i love it!
lensix ratingfive i play it everyday its awesome!
lenthree ratingfive my favourite game
leneight ratingfive gameplay, graphics and new upgrades are just brilliant.
leneight ratingfive keep up the good work imangi studios developers. :)
lenseven ratingfive very nice game i playin every day.
lenten ratingfive this game is totally awesome better than the old one.
leneight ratingfive just hope there will be more character soon.
lenseven ratingfive works very smooth on my galaxy nexus.
lenthirteen ratingone every time i play it wont let me slide or jump or anything.
lenthirteen ratingone and when i exit the application it wont let me click on anything.
lensixteen ratingone i am forced to lock my phone 3 times to be able to click on anything again.
lenthirteen ratingone i was really sad to find out i couldnt play this. :( please fix
lenfive ratingfour i like the new challenges.
lentwo ratingfour freezes sometimes.
lenfour ratingfour but overall great game.
lentwelve ratingfour forbrightband left with motion.its a big problem.rest.game is awesom
lenthirtyfive ratingfive no better free game exists on earth this game is just awesome if you have a dual core this runs smoothly like butter outstanding performance better graphics good music nice ui best extensibility addictively addicting
lenthirteen ratingone i have the droid x2 and this app supposedly works best on a droid.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensixteen ratingfive i wish the game had the ability to synchronize the progress between all my android devices.
lensixteen ratingthree better after update but still lags and graphics are slow to appear however a good game.
lensixteen ratingfive now we are talking finally had the opportunity to download and play btw it's great
lensix ratingfive pooping on you your goaty lips
lentwelve ratingfive works great on my galaxy s2 can't believe it works so good
lenten ratingfive love the new world and the new obstacles and challenges.:-)
lennine ratingfive the graphics are unbelievably good, and runs very smooth.
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't know what you guys can do to make it better.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lennine ratingthree u,have to tilt ur phone way too much
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive one word, addicting.
lenfour ratingfour great app for gaming.
lensix ratingthree everytime i run it, it lags.
leneleven ratingthree not a lot but it lags at times when its crucial.
lenthirteen ratingthree almost every turn i do it lags and i run into the wall.
lensix ratingthree im running it on a galaxy s3.
leneleven ratingthree but apparently theres a problem with the processor on the sgh-t999.
lenfour ratingthree this update didnt help.
lentwentyone ratingone even with update i can't move my guy from the middle section, this game sucks without being able to tilt
leneight ratingfive i love it  bigger monkey and vary fun
lenseventeen ratingfive nice app, but no added support for my galaxy y . hope they add it in future updates
lennine ratingfive it wont work on my phone for sum reeson
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lenfour ratingfive great app cool fun
lenten ratingone this dumb game got me a vires on my phone
lentwelve ratingthree the game hangs in sony neo v .plszz fix d issues soon.
lennine ratingfive the game is awsm but its a bit laggy.
leneight ratingfive i die all the time cause it lags.
lennine ratingfive if it wasnt lagginy,it would have been bettr.
lennine ratingfive the time i dwnloaded this it hd around 5,000,000 dwnloads.
lensix ratingfive aftr one week  it had 10,000,000 dwnloads.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive!
lenfive ratingfive super gra jeszcze lepsza ni?
lenten ratingfour very nice game.keep up the good so work going.
lenfive ratingfour makes it a bit harder.
lentwentyone ratingfive this game was built for android on a much better way than its predecessor.runs perfectly on both my android devices.
leneight ratingfive best gaje on the market.recomended to everyone.
lensix ratingone lost my save file after update
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
leneighteen ratingtwo this is not as nice as temaple run, graphics is nice but it is  not as interesting as templerun1
lenseven ratingfive everthing has improved in the latest update.
leneight ratingfive keep it up, giving this game a 5 star.
lenseventeen ratingfive by the way love the new concept of the flying fox and the cart in the cave.
lentwentyone ratingfive amazing you should totaly download it its 10 times better than temple run 1 i works perfectly on my sasung galaxy tab 2 xx
lenseven ratingthree nice game but still laggy after update
lensix ratingfive way more fun than the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive i'd like to thank the designers of this great and addictive game.
lensixteen ratingfive i've liked it so much and that's why i'm rating it with 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive i play it whenever i find time.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwentysix ratingfive i have an idea: isn't there a way you can let us login just to transfer the points once we play on a different device?
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lenfive ratingfive works flawlessly on my galaxy s3.
lenfour ratingfive my most addicted game
lentwelve ratingone i've waited for new update hope i can enjoy this game.
lensixteen ratingone the truth is, your update doesn't make any sense on my galaxy s. so dissapointing
lenten ratingfive great games so far in all games popular games today
lenfive ratingfive hi dada i love you
lenfive ratingfour better speed, jumps and graphics.
lenfive ratingone the game wont even open.
lennineteen ratingfive had temple run and was quickly bored with it so i moved on to subway surfers and rail rush.
leneight ratingfive this is a great combo of all three.
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original.
leneight ratingfive so much more fun than the first one.
leneight ratingone plzz fix this it wont let me  donload
lenfive ratingfour very exciting love to play.
lentwo ratingfive great update.
lenfive ratingfive my high score is 15 million.
lennine ratingone so exited to play but it doesn't run.
lenseven ratingone it just stays on the starting screen.
lenthree ratingfive loving temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive this app is fobberly good apps and five stars don
lenten ratingfive it is amazing and very breath retaking from almost dying
lenfifteen ratingfive i hate that when you dont see the big cliff is coming and these glitches
lensixteen ratingthree lags,freezes and crashes and every game it boots my phone forcing it to turn off
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is better then the first one and more funner i like it and you can swing off ropes and stuff ?
lenthirtyfour ratingfive but i wish it didnt take up so much space and that it had more characters also if there was a temple run 3 that would prob be better then the first and second one
leneight ratingone cant install it in my samsung galaxy s.
leneight ratingfive much much better after the last update, kudos
lentwelve ratingfive i love this app i can sit there and play all day!
lentwo ratingfive awesome stuff.
lennine ratingfive will kill the time like anything that much entertainment
leneight ratingfive awesome but very hard in android than ios
lenseven ratingfive i love this one so much better
lentwelve ratingone after the recent update, the game is very buggy and stutters alot.
lensix ratingone the stuttering is killing me alot.
lenseven ratingone its impossible to get a good score.
lensixteen ratingthree it is a fun game for a while until the challenges are too hard to do.
lennine ratingfour bt i dnt like dat d scrn kpss movin.
lenseventeen ratingfive the game is better and more fun also it's easier to get coins great job guys.
lenseven ratingfive flawless, smooth, visually stunning, and great fun.
lenfive ratingfive great game to past time !
lennine ratingfive i love it because it has a head starts
lenfive ratingfive very adicitve game.cool graphics
lenthirteen ratingfive recommend to play on dual core processor devices for smoother and optimum performance.
lenthree ratingfive sony xperia u
lenseven ratingfour you can't beat temple run classic
lensixteen ratingfour it's a good time killer, but on my phone, the swyping is a little trickier.
lensix ratingfive excellent graphics, my favourite time pass:-)
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenthirteen ratingfive if you liked the first temple run then this is a must try
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfive awsome game.better than the first one l.good graphics.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenthree ratingfour a little wobbly.
lensix ratingfour takes so much time to download.
lenfive ratingfive the best game love it
lenseven ratingfive just beat my friend's highscore! >:d (997,347
lenseven ratingthree imangi studios trying to monetize the game
lentwo ratingfive hard game
lenfourteen ratingfive my fiance got me playing this game and i've been hooked ever since!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthirtyone ratingfive the game play is much like the original temple run with the standard controls and easy to navigate ui except this time the graphics are absolutely stunning even on better settings!
lenfifteen ratingfive the ropes and the mines are really cool and the small details are really noticeable!
leneighteen ratingfive it is clear the developer(s)  spent a lot of time making this app perform to its best!
lentwentyeight ratingfive the only real issue i have found is that the tilt functionality is a little picky (it would be nice to have a setting to control the sensitivity).
lennineteen ratingfive reeeli osum.bt it strucks wile d dangerous guy running instantly on my galaxy s.plz fix it.ty
lentwo ratingone worst game
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than temple run
lensix ratingfive they've outdone themselves once more
lentwo ratingone nice game.
lentwelve ratingone but there are too many obstacles which makes me failure to cross .
lenten ratingfive i love this game its way better than temple run
leneighteen ratingfive its just awesome all my free time i play this game it works like beauty in the tab
lentwentyone ratingfour it was a great game before the update but now every time after a run the game freezes and starts flashing.
lentwentyone ratingfour so if i wanna do a run more than once i have to exit the app and go back into it.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer
lentwo ratingfive aussum game.
lenseven ratingthree it lags on the razr maxx hd
lenthree ratingfour very nice update.
lenten ratingfive hours of fun i really like this game its awesome
leneight ratingfive fixed the lag which makes the game funner!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
leneight ratingfive i like it more than the first game
lentwentyeight ratingfive i think it is the best running game in the market and will stay so for its amazing graphics, breathtaking scenario, marvellous sound effect and addicting game layout.
lentwelve ratingfour please fix the glitches and make the gems different colors thank you.
lenfive ratingfive very interesting and exciting game
lensix ratingfive a bit challenging but quite fun.
lenfive ratingfive awesome performance on my nexus.
lenfive ratingfive no lesser than an iphone.!
lenthree ratingfive awsum gam        e
lensixteen ratingfive good game.temple run is great in grphics.runs smoothly in my devices.has great grafix
lenten ratingone it says it cannot be downloaded due to an error 498
lenfifteen ratingfive it is excelent game  i love it and always play it my high score is 9856788
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are totally awsome.
lentwelve ratingfive i like the concept of running,then ridingthe cart.stupendofantabulously fantastic game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive its awesome looks intimidating but its really not
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
leneight ratingfive in my opinion, even better than the first!
lennine ratingfive good game tho it is better on my tablet
lenseven ratingtwo plzzz fixxxx so i can download itttt!  >: (
lentwelve ratingfive u guyz should get this game its funn nd easy whalle byee!
lentwo ratingfive excellent apk
lenfifteen ratingthree great game but i don't even want to play because it lags so bad.
lensix ratingfive better than any other running games
lensixteen ratingfive better than the 1st but there's a glitch that when you swipe it becomes  a glitch
lentwelve ratingfive 1 st temple run was also good but the second 1 is much better
lennine ratingfour but when u finnally get to play its amazing!
lentwo ratingfive kaim aa
lenseven ratingfive very nice sequel to the original game.
lenseven ratingfive runs faster even with the updated graphics.
lensix ratingfive imangi does it again great game
lensix ratingfive greatest game for a cell phone.
lenfive ratingfour new update is so laggy!
lensix ratingfive this version of templerun is amazing.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are so beautiful it feels like i am playing  high resolution pc game.
lensix ratingfive great job imangi studio long live.
lennine ratingfive yup i bet you are to:on temple run
leneight ratingthree it lags a lot when i am running.
leneighteen ratingthree also when i pause the game and resume, my character goes super fast and then hits an obstacle.
lennine ratingthree fix these problems and then i will rate 5 stars.
leneight ratingfive it is excellenlt and thanx to imangi studio
lenseven ratingfour this is easily the best game ever.
lenten ratingfour i play it everyday and every spare minute i can.
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the new graphics and the new environments there are still a few glitches but this game is new and will be fixed :good job:
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing on my galaxy note 2.
lentwelve ratingfive i feel bad for those who have a weaker and smaller phone.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive phenomenal improvement over the first, more acceptable difficulty and no performance issues encountered so far!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenthree ratingone dosent work rubbish
lenfour ratingfive twice as much fun
lensixteen ratingfour this game brings thrill to anyone who enjoyed the first installment of the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive best game out there love it keep it coming thanks
leneight ratingone please give the option to change the sensitivity.
lenten ratingone it would make the game so much easier to control.
lennine ratingfive a really good game, much better than tumble run 1
lenfour ratingfive nice i like it
lenten ratingfive the best game i've ever played in my life.
lentwentyfour ratingone when i try to open the  game it shows the imangi studios simbol for about 30 seconds, then it exits back to the home screen.
lenfifteen ratingone i really liked the original temple run and look forward to playing the second one
lenseven ratingfive g st if you'd tie u
lennine ratingone when i try to open it it justf closes.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive dt: 30/01   hw: ivb   e-lr w/m,q/a,back ex,frame sentences-l6  gsc-lr q/a,nwords,b ex,in b/w-l4+prac solar system   m-rev pg(91-98)+lr,wr tables(2-20)
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it is an okay game but lags too much on my lg optimus elite!
leneighteen ratingfive though it puts the first to shame it has everything that you could ask for in temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingfive track looks better and even the mines when your on a cart.
leneight ratingfive you can level up and improve your player!
lentwentynine ratingone i open it but then it suddenly goes back to my home screen  i have rebooted my tablet twice and uninstalled then installed but still doesnt work  very unhappy!
lenthirty ratingthree i like the new version better than the last one, but my only complaint is i bought a 50 gem pack and a 50000 coin pack and i never recieved my items.
lennine ratingthree i sent 2 emails and never recieved items or refund.
lennine ratingthree i wont be buying any more in app purchases.
lenfour ratingfive best game in android
lenthree ratingfive i luv challenges.
leneleven ratingtwo the graphics have improved with this game, but not much else.
lentwelve ratingtwo the controls are too sensitive allowing no room for error or adjustment.
lenfifteen ratingtwo that becomes very frustrating after a while making the game not much fun to play.
lenseventeen ratingtwo please improve certain things here and there to make a game worthy of the name temple run.
lensixteen ratingone it won't let me insall the game so how am i going to like it
leneight ratingfive works great on sony xperia j. fun play.
lenfour ratingfive great graphic n awesome.
lentwenty ratingfive graphics are so much better and with the added twists and turns, you can get a good work out lol
lensix ratingfive i think this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingfive i like the game i think it is better then temple run 1!
lenseven ratingthree gets boring but kind of fun             crapy
lenfour ratingfive ahhhh.waiting for this .
leneleven ratingfive it is really a gr8 game awesomely smooth interface.nice new variations .
leneighteen ratingfive really incredible.love the nee way of presenting the objectives.feels like on a mission .just love it!
lenthirteen ratingfive it sucks because it does not let me play thanks a lot ipod
lentwelve ratingfive runs beautifully, strong graphics performance, and way more fun than the original.
lenfive ratingfive finally deserves the full 5 stars.
leneight ratingone cant play on infuse change it please helppp
leneight ratingfive good game   there is no mistakes in there
lenten ratingfive this is the best waste of time since cover orange!
leneight ratingfive lock myself in the loo for ages, again!
leneleven ratingfive powerups dont work with other runners(unlockable characters).plz fix that.
leneight ratingthree frame rate needs improvement glitches all the time.
lennine ratingfive it is really fun and it really upgraded thanks
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lenten ratingone fun game but it keeps freezing up on the s||
leneleven ratingfour the objectives are kinda challenging which keep you wanting to play.
leneighteen ratingfour i just wish the invisibility power up would work in the same way it did in temple run.
lenfour ratingfive it's awesome game.
lenseventeen ratingfour after latest update the game is butter smooth.but save life coins has decreased to -2 :-( plz fix
lenfour ratingfive super game, awesome graphics
lenfourteen ratingone im on motorola defy nd the update does nothing,it still kicks me out
lensixteen ratingfour all ok. but when i press 'save me' option game is getting off and on again.
lenthree ratingfour ios working perfect.
lenthree ratingfour android only upset.
lenseven ratingfive i'm totally addicted to this game.
lenfour ratingfive it's beyond awesome.
lensix ratingfive 2 bugs: 1) i cannot tweet my score.
leneight ratingfive it doesn't go beyond the screenshot capture.
lentwenty ratingfive 2) even when i've set the music and sound to zero, i can still hear the sound of the feet.
lennine ratingfive please try to rectify them in the next update.
lenseven ratingfive i'll rate it a 5 star anyway.
lenten ratingfive p.s. i'm using a samsung galaxy note ii.
lenseven ratingfive great game improved from the first one.
lentwo ratingfour wicked game
lenfive ratingfive even better the temple run!
lenseven ratingfive everything is cool but the spike wheel.
lentwelve ratingfive if u play the this game u will be go on playing
lenthree ratingfive best time cutter.
lensix ratingfive thanx a lot for this, imangi.
lensix ratingfive temple run was a great game.
lennine ratingfive now i am waiting for the greatest release. :-d
lenfour ratingfour nice game great background
lenseven ratingfive best graphics game in the andeoid platform.
lentwentyone ratingfive its a enjoyable and fascinating game.but it got uninstalled all frm my tab all my points and crystals are lost!
lentwo ratingfive kinda dissapointed.!
lenthirteen ratingfour good game runs a little slow and won't turn but good game
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it love it love it.better than the last temple run
lenthree ratingfive nice fluid graphics.
lensix ratingfive i waited soooo long for this!
lentwelve ratingfive this game provides immense fun and keeps you on your toes throughout.
lensixteen ratingfive the mission objectives and upgrades offer massive replayability making you wanting to go back for more.
lenfour ratingfive simply defined as addictive.
lennine ratingthree fine on my tablet but terrible on my phone
lennine ratingfive love the graphics and the feel of the game!
leneleven ratingfive still not that great at it but it's super fun!
leneighteen ratingfour only problem ive had with it is you can't adjust tilt and swipe like the first one.
lenthirteen ratingfive really good game but should make it better by giving you more money!
lensix ratingfive dis game be like de good.
lenseven ratingfive i be on dis like #swag yolo
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addictive!
lenfourteen ratingthree still too many bugs after the update.please fix 'em, want this game badly.
lenfive ratingfour way better than the original!
lenthree ratingfour better graphics too!
lenseven ratingfive perfect best game ever woohoo :) ;) =) :d :p ? ? ? ? ?=)?
leneleven ratingtwo this game is not better than the 1st one or subway surfers
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensixteen ratingone after downloading this app at the time of installation its shows a msg package not vaild.
lenthree ratingfive love this game .
lennine ratingfive addictive nd fun game to play at leisure time
lenfive ratingfive cool game , really slow download
lentwo ratingfive great sequel!
lenthirteen ratingone his game is a copy of pitfall that game is much more intresting
lenfive ratingone i have samsung galaxy note 2.
leneight ratingone the game would be great if it worked
leneight ratingfive awesome game with good graphics and linear objectives.
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading.
lennine ratingfive don't waste your time in seeing anymore comments.
lenthree ratingfive please start downloading.
lensix ratingfive bt never forget to rate it.
lennineteen ratingfour it glitches when you start scoring a lot and sometimes but besides the time to time glitching its good
lensix ratingfour best.blh tahan laa dri no 1
leneighteen ratingfive i thought temple run 1 was good till i installed this its amazing i never play the 1st one now.
lennine ratingfive the challenges on thus are even better as well
lenthirteen ratingfive i like it even more.it seems to be a bit more challenging
lenthirtyfour ratingfour this game is too addictive.i've played this game a lot.but the main problem is that there is no sensitivity setting for accelerometer.please provide it and i'll give you 5 stars.
leneight ratingtwo keeps force closing will not let me play
lennine ratingfive it has really great graphics no glitchig just perfect.
leneleven ratingfive its has way bettrr graphics than the first and cool powerups
lentwelve ratingfive amazing improvent over first one but a bit laggy on my device
lentwentyseven ratingone i don't even like it i suck at it its stupid it wase people time like a mother u people out there don't upload it
leneleven ratingfive so awesome i play it everyday take that from a gamer.
lentwelve ratingfive great game, way better then the first,,  maybe see a 3rd by summer?
lenthirteen ratingfive but now mine is crashing if i try to use the save me
lenfortythree ratingone it force closes when i try to play it i downloaded it and uninstalled it many times and i havent played one game can you please fix this for the samsung infuse 4g even after the update this is not fixed please fix it !
lenten ratingfive this is just awesome.very new types of level added.
lenseven ratingfive the game is really cool amd adictive.
leneight ratingfour this game is better than temple run it
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome game awesome graphics awesome style not at all easy to play lyk temple 1 .
lenthree ratingfive simply its superbb.
lensix ratingone doesnt work on my motorola triumph!
leneight ratingfive this new temple run is so much fun!
lentwentytwo ratingfive ts a lot more difficult than the previous version so dont be disappointed when your score isnt what it usedd to be.
lenseven ratingfive i took me 67 tries to get 1 million.
lensix ratingfive good continuation from the previous one
leneight ratingfive superb game most addictive game i have played
lentwo ratingfive super fun
leneight ratingfive excellent game play with such a viable tactic.
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lenfive ratingfive is soo much of fun
lentwenty ratingone game is great but unfortunately imangi do not live up to that with thier customer service and in-game purchases.
lennine ratingone puchased 50 gems and  were not credited to the game.
lenthirteen ratingone numerous attempts to communicate with them has failed with no response at all.
lenthirteen ratingone don't expect game purchases to work and buy at your own risk!
lennine ratingone will be taking it further to gain a refund.
lentwentyeight ratingone poor poor and poor even more considering their revenue stream is in app and that i would have purchased more, all it will happen now is an uninstall!
lennine ratingtwo temple run 2 is not as good as the first.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfour lags a bit on my xperia ray bt still gr8 game
leneleven ratingfour um the controls are kind of complicated but its pretty fun
lennineteen ratingfour i am happy with this game but according to me first game was better i dont like its background
lentwo ratingfive absolutely amazing!
lenseventeen ratingfive couldn't recommend it enough, sets a new standard for endless runners with it's unique design.
lentwentyfive ratingfive possible enhancement: i would like new characters and be able to do two similar objectives simultaneously e.g 500,000 lifetime coins as well as 1,000,000 lifetime coins
lenfourteen ratingfive just like the first temple run the temple run2 also is so good and addictive.
lensixteen ratingfive after long time i started playing this game & cant be away till the objectives is completed.
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi.
leneight ratingthree lagging on my phone after playing some time.
lennine ratingfive awesome game in my s2 awesome graphics love imangi studios
leneight ratingfive it is way better than temple run 1.gr8 game
lentwo ratingfour super game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingthree awsme game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingfive its much better than the first temple run with the better graphics and more realistic environment
lenthirtyfive ratingone when i tried to open the game on my galaxy s it doesnt work it vibrates indicating that the program has failed then it just goes back to the screen that it was originally on.
lentwo ratingfive grate game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentyone ratingfive fullon addictive,  the only glitch is that points and coins automatically reduces after 2-3 runs,  please fix this issue,  great work team.
lenfive ratingfour it's an awesome game.
leneleven ratingfour i would give five stars if only this problem is solved.
lentwentyfour ratingfour that is, when you reduce the volume of the music and sound to zero you still hear the person's footsteps when it runs.
lensix ratingfour i hope imangi looks into it.
lenfourteen ratingone i've played temple run 1 and believe me when i say i loved it.
lentwentysix ratingone i was really looking forward to playing temple run 2, but whenever i try starting the game up it shows the imangi studios loading screen then crashes.
lentwentyfour ratingone so i haven't gotten to play it yet if you can fix this then i'll gladly give you a rating you deserve.
lenthirteen ratingone i have also redownloaded the game several times and even cleared the cache.
lentwo ratingfive totally brilliant.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour i love imangi studios.just one thing i wanna suggest is that the animation is not as smooth as first one and also i do not  exactly foud a fruitful use of shield,invisible in "temple run one"
lenseven ratingfour was better.but it can be better
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentytwo ratingfive the game is awesome because it's the  opposite  of  temple run that's what i'm doing the best game ever.
leneighteen ratingone it only takes me to the page with the green s please fix i realy want to play
lenfive ratingfive was totally worth the wait
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i rarely lose from messing up, rather i lose because the game takes too many resources and is too laggy to register my keystrokes.
leneighteen ratingfive its a little trickier than the first one but its still a good way to pass some time.
lensix ratingfive 5 stars for being so much fun.
leneight ratingfive thank you for bringing this to google play!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lentwentyseven ratingfive the only bad part is the the time it takes to load the game, and sometimes it lags but i think it is because of my phone.
lenseven ratingfive anyway this game is my favprite game .
lentwo ratingfive besides dragonvale ;)
leneight ratingfour needs more known people and better running boosts
lentwo ratingfive incredibly addictive:)
lenfour ratingfive unreal better dan d 1st
lenfive ratingfour found d camera angle odd
lennineteen ratingfive edit: looks like you guys fixed all the problens i was having :) like i promisd moved to five stars!
lentwentyfive ratingthree it slows down a lot, sometimes it doesn't respond to my finger swipes, and several times when opening the app it just closes out.
lennine ratingfive awesome game runs smoothly on my droid razr max
lenten ratingfive awesome game much better then the original in my opinion
lenten ratingfive much better than the first one and have more missions
leneleven ratingfive not working properly after the update on my htc desire s.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive one of the best games of play store
lenfourteen ratingone i was excited about this game but it just stays on the loading screen.
lenfive ratingone i have he samsung infuse.
lenten ratingone please fix this problem and i will rate five stars
lenseven ratingfive nice.way better the regular temple run.
leneleven ratingone this stinks i can't open this one or the original.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingtwo beat my highest score by like 4 million, died, tried using 4 gems to revive myself.
lentwo ratingtwo force closes.
lenten ratingtwo didn't count that run and took my gems anyways!
lenseven ratingtwo stop trolling me and fix this imangi!
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenfour ratingfive kudos to developers,,. addicted.
lensixteen ratingfour update caused more bugs, it needs to be fixed again and then it will be good
lenfifteen ratingfive i love playing it but for some reason i get scare every time i fall.
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy note 2
lentwentyfour ratingfive the dopest game i played all year and i really dont even play games on my phone but this one has my full attention
lentwentythree ratingfive cool game but sumtime it lags on my gsl but it is excillent game no issous farly batter then the older temple run
lentwo ratingfive gr8 gameplay, gr8 graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour even after the latest update i am having a problem of 500,000 lifetime coins.
leneighteen ratingfour i have already completed this objective but its still in my current objectives even though i have 700,000+ coins.
lenfive ratingfive it passes the time well
lenfourteen ratingfive if people are uninstalling this because it's too complicated, then that's stupid.
lennine ratingfive they're just not good enough for temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingfour great game but needs tilt sensitivity option that the original had.with that 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lentwo ratingfive cool design
lenfourteen ratingfive this little bugs happen when i use boost powerup and i take line rope.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive when the boost already gone, my running speed can't slow down.i don't know it just happen to me or not but it happen to me often.but 5 star for this game.
lenseventeen ratingfive this seems to run a helluva lot better than its predecessor and is now more enjoyable overall.
lentwo ratingfive incredible game
lenseven ratingfive i think this game is absolutely amazing!
leneighteen ratingfive its much more detailed than no.1 and is much more challenging and yet so much more addictive too!
lenthirteen ratingfive every device should get it  or your device would be empty without it!
lenfive ratingfive really great job guys 100 stars!
lensix ratingfive its endless fun and super addicting ! ?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour good for nyc train commute to and from work
lenseventeen ratingthree did u guys fix the game shutting off after u use a save me on droid bionic?
lentwentythree ratingfive i thought it would be more of a gimmick, but there graphics are significantly better and the new design makes it more fun.
lentwentyfive ratingfive ok no one likes to run but temple run everybody wants to run and that is has a up date its even better so excited !
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lentwentysix ratingfour but sometimes it'll glitch while i'm running and mess me up and make me die :(! hopefully this won't happen with the new update.
leneight ratingone the game dont wanna open for my phone
lenfive ratingfive although subway surfers is better.
lenfive ratingfive great game better than first
leneleven ratingtwo my phone reboot when playing this sll u progress was lost
lenfifteen ratingfour good game i'm addicted but for some treason this week it won't load.
lenseven ratingfour it has the sound then shuts off.
leneleven ratingfour i'm getting the update so maybe that will fix it
lenfour ratingfour the update are great
leneighteen ratingfour this is the only mobile game that i enjoy playing, it offers short bursts of fun, highly recommended.
lenfourteen ratingfour i guess that's why touchscreens are not made for gaming in my opinion.
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.
lensix ratingfour this time imangi really did great.
leneight ratingfour running from ape were never this fun before.
lentwelve ratingfour the only minus side are it is still lag on one v.
lenfour ratingfive great game runs perfect .
lensixteen ratingfive only complaint is the gyroscope sensitivity is not as sensitive as it was in temple run 1
lentwentytwo ratingfive good work keep it up maybe add more locations unlocked by higher levels maybe imangi and maybe more power ups   thank you :')
lenseven ratingfive it is as fun as temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive i was getting really bored of the original and at one point uninstalled it.
lennine ratingfive this is a gazillion times better good job imangi
lenseven ratingfive it is just awesum than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingthree even after the update, i'm still experiencing the "same objective shown twice"
leneight ratingthree hope you'll do something to fix it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive nice games
lenfifteen ratingtwo its alright till you get a little far the it freezes an makes you crash.
lentwo ratingfive amazing fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive android is bringing a change in type of games people have started liking.
lennine ratingfive even when is harder than the first is great.
lensix ratingone why it shows error 498 when download.
lenfive ratingone please look into this matter.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenfour ratingfive love it  its entertaning ?
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour graphics are better than in temple run, and i like it, although it sometimes bugs, but i can live with it.
lentwelve ratingfour i need to tell this: you really need a tilt sensitivity option
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics and obstacles .
lensixteen ratingfive this should've been the first temple run its amazing who came up with the idea!
lentwelve ratingfour picking up 2 shield or magnet does not extends the power up time.
lenthree ratingfive soo fun & adicting
lenseven ratingfive i love the new graphics and powers.
lennine ratingfive this is a great step from the first one!
lentwentyfive ratingone everytime i try to play on my motorola triumph i open it and it gets no further then the imangi screen and just exits out!
lenfive ratingfive very fun and addictive game
lenfortyseven ratingfive 4 me this is a great game you probably won't like it though if you didn't like the first temple run.also there is one little problem ,when guy dangerous(or any onther character dies the run again sign sometimes dosent come up please fix this.
leneighteen ratingthree however after olayin for a bit it starts glitching thro the track causing u to trip and die
lensix ratingfive this game is so freakin' fun.
lensix ratingfive more update on power up pls.
lentwo ratingfive awzome game
lenseven ratingfive my g.f love this game nd me2
leneight ratingthree good game but it glitches and shut off
leneleven ratingone won't start up for me what a load of rubbish.
lensix ratingfive gud game to waste time on
lensixteen ratingfive its given to have bugs at the start, but eventually it'll be resolved over time.
lensixteen ratingfive great app, great improvements, and better game play experience, tnx to the redefined and upgrded interface
lensix ratingfive man my kids love this game
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and fun gameplay.
leneight ratingfive the new features and obstacles improve the fun.
lentwelve ratingfive highly recommended especially if you like temple run and temple run: brave.
lentwelve ratingfive sadly i have the samsung exibit 4g from tmobile so lag is extreme
lenfour ratingfive hard to put down!
leneight ratingfive soooooooooo much better and fun than the first.
lensix ratingfive really smooth and responsive on galaxy s2.
lenfifteen ratingfive friends with ipads seem slightly glitchy and not so  smooth ( ha ha ) totally  whipping them ! !
lenfive ratingfive runs pretty good on android
lenfive ratingfive best running game ive played.
leneight ratingfive grear game aweosome it is hard but interresting
lensix ratingfive like it better than temple run 1
lennine ratingone the app wont let me use it keeps freezing -.-
lenseven ratingfive works absolutely fine on my htc sensation.
lenfive ratingfive no lag.very good game
lenthree ratingfive dis is awesome
lenseven ratingfive this is the best android game ever.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive the only thing is that when you collect a lot of coins and save it you go back to check on the your coins that you had save you will notice that it disappeared :-(
lenfour ratingfive more attractive than version 1
lensixteen ratingone ever since the latest update, the game won't even open on my samsung galaxy infuse 4g.
leneleven ratingfive this game is off the chain? minor glitches but highly addictive
lenfive ratingfour sensitivity control where it is.
leneighteen ratingfour pretty good game, graphics are amazing but its waaay too hard! :( i practically die after the first 20 seconds!
lenseven ratingfour work amazing on my htc one s
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the first one, it has me hooked on it almost all day.
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics n game play 5 stars
lennine ratingfive amazing game only glitches when i get a text
lenthree ratingfive love this app.
lentwelve ratingfive take care of this app as if it was your own child.
lenfour ratingfive hard to stop playing.
lenfourteen ratingfour very good, but have to concentrate as is easy to fall over the side.
lensix ratingfive huge improvement over the previous version.
lenseven ratingfive the game keeps me indulged in it.
lentwentyone ratingfive the hd images makes yhe gaming so real.its little tricky than the previous version but its awesome experience playing this.
lenseven ratingfive it's very good game.should try
lenfive ratingfive great game just loves it
lenfive ratingfive still previous version is better
lentwenty ratingfive it's  jus an awesome game to play for.moreover it thrills at every step it goes.jus love it.
leneighteen ratingfour good almost real good but the deal with not extending your power up time is a bit annoying.
lenten ratingfour huge mark up on the original though so wire in.
lenthree ratingone force close error.
lenthree ratingfive incredibly fun game.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome app
leneight ratingfour graphics is awsm aftr changng the graphics quality
leneight ratingfive everything temple run had for potential was unlocked.
lenfour ratingfive complete and no complaints.
lenfour ratingfive i want temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingfive the game is really awesome and the graphics are amazing (if you are playing on the nexus 7).
lenfourteen ratingfive it would be cool if they made an assassin creed version of temple run.
lensix ratingfive it is great for your mind
lentwentyseven ratingfive i bet temple run was like if subway surfs wants to make more money than temple run then were makin a temple run 2 beat that subway surf
lensixteen ratingone it worked well when i first downloaded it, but now it won't open at all.
lennine ratingthree the controls are a bit laggy on dinc2 with gingerbread.
leneight ratingfive i wannna play i hard it was nice
lennine ratingfive this game is 100% better then temple run the original!
lenseven ratingfive love the graphics and game all around!
lenfifteen ratingfive this is such an amazing game i cant keep away from it download right now
leneighteen ratingone keep it up i want a temple run 3 but it doesn't work on mine soon its bad
lennine ratingfive just my opinion, but you should try it out!
lentwo ratingfive great update
lensix ratingfive it is better than subway surfer
lentwentyeight ratingthree sir pls add a share button on temple run 2,, so we can share our scores on facebook, i saw it's only tweet button :(  thanks and more power
lenthirtyone ratingone every time i try to open it, the app stays on the imangi studios opening screen for 30 seconds and then goes back to my app drawer without actually playing the game.
lensixteen ratingone please fix the problem so that i can go on playing temple run 2 like everyone else.
lenthree ratingone att huawei impulse 4g.
lentwelve ratingone update (2/2/13): i just updated the app and it still does not work.
lensix ratingfive waaaaaaaaaay better than the first one!
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lensix ratingfour nice sequel to the first game.
lensix ratingfour screen does get jumpy at times
lenthree ratingfive stop reading this
lenthree ratingfive must play period.
lennineteen ratingfour i enjoy the game as a nice timekiller on my bus rides but like others, the tilt is off
lentwo ratingfive super awesome!
leneleven ratingfive it is the type of game i never get bored with.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive looks and works great
lennine ratingthree its a fun game but has some small issues.
lennineteen ratingthree when i try to use a "save me", it will deduct the gem and the game will shut down.
lennine ratingthree this tends to inhibit progress and becomes rather frustrating
lennine ratingfour game cool graphics and smoothly run in my mobi
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennineteen ratingtwo i like playing this game and i always make an in app purchase to support developers of free apps.
lennine ratingtwo however, you don't expect to get ripped off!
lennineteen ratingtwo i've bought stuff in both this & the 1st game & it says it will arrive shortly, but days later nothing!
lennine ratingtwo i've tried emailing them & they've ignored me.
leneighteen ratingtwo maybe if i warn people publicly not to give them money, they'll start paying attention & answer me?
lensix ratingtwo don't make in app purchases!
lenfive ratingfive deleted data after new update
lenthree ratingfive great game but.
lenfour ratingfive better graphics than prequel! :)
leneleven ratingfive this is an amazing game with great graphics nd new theme.
lenfour ratingfive it totally deserves 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive nd thnk u for fixing minor bugs.
leneleven ratingfive problems finnaly i get to enjoy the game wit no problems
lentwelve ratingone whenever i start up the game it just crashes on lg thrill.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo the first one was fun i've played the 2nd on my ipod but i can't open it on my phone i nvr get past the imangi studios part when you first open it
lentwo ratingfive favorite game!
lenthirteen ratingtwo every since the update it opens then force closes before the game starts.
lenfive ratingfive love how challenging it is.
leneight ratingfive it sometimes doesn't do the right action.
lennine ratingfive like if you swipe to duck it will jump.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like the game it's really awesome, hopefully that we will have temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive this game very nice.
lentwelve ratingthree love this game but can't upgrade anymore because losing coins when 2500 - 3000.
lenseven ratingthree i uninstalled, then reinstalled but no difference.
lenfive ratingthree emailed imagi but no reply.
leneleven ratingthree very disappointing because it is or could be a great game.
leneleven ratingfour this is a great game,no problems so far,good job
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfour killer graphics!
lenseven ratingfour just sometimes comes back to home screen!
lensix ratingfour hope you can have a look!
lenfour ratingfour it occurs only sometimes!
lenthree ratingfour rest is awesome!
lenfourteen ratingone waiting for an update n still hasn't been fixed in this first update!
lentwentysix ratingone it force closes every time i try to open even every samsung infuse does the same! -_- 5 stars wen fixed cuz i played it n its good.
leneight ratingfour love the game but still has some glitches
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenseven ratingfive they really improved this game a lot.
lenthree ratingfive its super addictive!
lenten ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfourteen ratingfive it would be cool if it was a multi player game like fun run!
lentwo ratingfive amazing fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addicting. .
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run
lenthree ratingfive thats really superb.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfour fun and addictive
lensix ratingfour omg this game is really fun .
lenthree ratingfive beter then regular
lennine ratingfour good game but not as smooth as iphone version.
lennine ratingfour many times theres a milisecond delay especially in tunnels.
lentwelve ratingfour happened to have walked off the road because it didnt load yet.
lennine ratingfive woe this is an excellent game and so addicting.
leneight ratingfive imangi studios have changed the face of android . !
lenten ratingfive great just a bit tricky at first but gets easier
lenthirteen ratingfive wicked game just trying to figure out why its often laggy on my s3?
lentwo ratingfour enjoyable app.
lenseven ratingfour has me playing every chance i get.
lensix ratingfour follow me on instagram @prince_mello #fergu35
lenseven ratingfive i recommend it told everyone!so addictive! !
leneleven ratingfive excellent game love it so much.good work with this game
lensix ratingfive love this game my score is 1076,079
lennine ratingfive it is a very addicting game i love it
lenseven ratingfive a great spin off from the original.
lentwentyfour ratingfour idk if xperia pro is considered as one of the 'older devices', but the latest update did improve the gaming experience on my phone.
lensixteen ratingfive i love temple run 1 , its so nice to play & this one is more better than others.
lenten ratingfive lots of fun, can be frustrating, new twists and turns.
lenseven ratingfive great time killer and it's free!
lenseven ratingfive great work ans keep the updates coming.
leneleven ratingfive i had an addiction to temple run - now addicted to this.
lennine ratingfive fun and smooth to play, i would recommend this.
lenthree ratingfive thank u imangi
lenfive ratingfive fabulous  game. .enjoyed  playing  it
lenseven ratingfive i love temple run 2 best game evah!
lenthree ratingfive amazing .awesome game
lenfour ratingfive title speak for itself
leneight ratingone just updated the app nd stil not working!
lensix ratingfive worth the memory it takes up!
lensix ratingfive just loving every bit of it
lenfifteen ratingone color r not good but other thing r good but lot of problems of colour
leneleven ratingfive it is a great game but it has a little glith.
lenfifteen ratingfive first of all when you jump or try to turn somtimes it wont do it.
lenfour ratingfive also sometimes it freezes.
lenfour ratingfive everything else is great.
lentwelve ratingfour but maybe my phone lag, so got a bit not good only.
lensix ratingfive awesome game!excellent graphics!love it:-)
lenfourteen ratingone spent money for in-game items, they took my money and gave me nothing.
leneight ratingone i tried contacting them, they ignored my attempts.
lensix ratingfive this game is amazing, hands down.
lennine ratingone i reached level 9 n now hav lost all data.
lentwelve ratingthree music not playing. .so have not played much.quite boring without music.
lenfive ratingthree that last update killed it.
lenfourteen ratingfive very good game love the fact that youve added zip wire and roaller coaster
lenthirteen ratingfour i use htc desire c it's just perfect on my mobile phone.
lennineteen ratingfour but i need an end at some point and wanna have the game to be divided in same levels.
lenseven ratingfour to get more interest in gaming experience.
lensix ratingfive truly worthful gamr wch is endless
lenten ratingfive i love this game i have no problems with it.
lenthirteen ratingfive its really fun to play i just love it keep on making more :)
leneight ratingthree the tilt control is way too hard fixxxx
lensixteen ratingfive its ok, but its definitely a step down from the first on on everything but graphics.
lenthirtysix ratingfive i don't like that you can only work on 3 objectives at a time, and the store in the first one had all of the same things, it was just simpler and easier to look at.
lentwentythree ratingfive i do like that you're rewarded for leveling up but i don't feel like it's that much of an improvement.
lensix ratingthree not as addicting as the original
lentwo ratingfive epic game
lenthirteen ratingfive its a great game and very addictive i can rarely put it down!
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!
lenfour ratingfive its an amazing app
leneighteen ratingone it doesnt let me play on my galaxy s1 it shows tht its loading but then it exits out
lentwo ratingfive absolutely amazing.
lenfive ratingfive works wonders on my phone.
lensix ratingfive better version than the first one.
lennine ratingfour amazing game but keep working to be the best
lenthirteen ratingfour so much better than the 1st.makes me a little dizzy but great graphics.
lensix ratingtwo this glitches horribly on my galaxy s3!
lenthirteen ratingtwo you can't hardly play it cause it doesn't respond fast enough.
lenfive ratingfive awsome game its so kool
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than the first.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant sequel! :-)
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it!
lentwo ratingfive great upgrade
lentwentythree ratingone this game looks really cool but when i put it on it closes please fix this the 1st one worked but this one dosent
lenten ratingfive you guys really have to quicken the game loading speed.
lenseven ratingfive it takes over 1:30 mins on my phone.
lenten ratingfive otherwise the game is great and doesnt lag at all
leneighteen ratingfive little lag but ok if i use any auto booster to free the ram and play the game.
lenfive ratingfive absolutely loved the new graphics.
lenfive ratingfive targets are tough and interesting.
lenseven ratingfive characters are less so a little disappointment.
lenfour ratingfive overall it's awesome!
lenseven ratingfive in telugu my mother tongue 'kevvuu keka'
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first one,  and the second one is 10 times better!
lensix ratingone terrible game, closes on my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone won't start up and returns to home menu every time i open it.
lenfour ratingone recommend for faster devices
lenseven ratingfive i am completely addicted to this game.
leneleven ratingfive i love it and would definitly recommend it to all ages.
lenthree ratingfive great time passer.:-)
lennine ratingone this version is rubbish it moves out of time!
lenthirtyseven ratingthree i have problem with tilt while i trying get a coin or avoid from broken lane  to do tilt, it was too slow to change it so can make tilt like as temple run 1  please fix it!
lenfive ratingfour i m jst luving it
lenfour ratingfour this a cool game.
lentwo ratingfour highly recommended
lensix ratingfive runs great on htc  evo 4g lte
leneight ratingfive lil.bugs are still there but anyways nice
lensix ratingfive five times better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive better graphics, and it gets ridiculously hard later on
lentwo ratingfour amazingly amazing ;)
lenseven ratingfive and it consume low ram and processor.
lenfourteen ratingfour it some times throws me off the bridge when i jump on a bridge
lenthree ratingfive mi piace xd
lenseven ratingfive thumbs up this app is just amazing
lenseven ratingfour good graphics , but the monster is ugly.
lennine ratingfour a bug fix requires full app to be downloaded?
leneight ratingfive a much needed improvement over the original one
lentwenty ratingfive great graphics and tweaked gameplay elements is what makes this game better than its predecessor in just about every way.
lentwo ratingfive mast hai
lenfourteen ratingone shuts down :( and turns my phone off. poop :( i heard this game was awesome .
leneight ratingfive just simply awesome.addictive game.must try everyone
leneight ratingone i would really love to okay this game!
lenfourteen ratingone i've seen it played on my girlfriends iphone 4, and it looks soo fun!
leneleven ratingone i'll rate it 5 stars as soon as it's fixed!
leneight ratingfive could not have asked for a better sequel
leneight ratingfour a must play for any temple run fan.
lentwentythree ratingfour the update said that the pop in was fixed, but just finished playing a few games and the pop in is still there.
lenseventeen ratingfour even after changing the graphics setting a few times, nothing major just wanted to let you know.
lenfour ratingfive just love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive makes me poop sometimes though
lenthree ratingfive acc really cool
lentwentytwo ratingfive i downloaded it and was eager to play but when i tap on the app after about 45 seconds it just goes off.
lenthirteen ratingfive i'd really appreciate if this was resolved because i rly wanna play.
lenseven ratingfive i like it better then the 1st version
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive i'm so addicted to this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive was introduced to it by my partner and now i can't stop playing it.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and entertaining
lenfive ratingone this game crashes my phone.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwelve ratingfive awesome great graphics if you don't have it yet get it
lensix ratingfive awesome game.please add new features!
lenthirtythree ratingfive i uninstalled and installed it back onece and it worked but just incase this happens again u should really fix it i had lots of money before uninstall other than that great game.
leneight ratingfive awesome mast game.u get lost in it!
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the best games on my phone that i have ever played
lensix ratingfive ten times better than the original
leneleven ratingfive excellent graphics, improved game play and true to temple run experience.
lenseven ratingfive this is worthy of being a sequel.
lennine ratingone the latest update just messed the game up royale.
lenfour ratingone i fall through ground.
lenthirty ratingone it doesn't recognize my finger when trying to turn, etc.  the coins slowly go up to the power gauge making the game look like its chugging.maybe it is.
lennine ratingone shouldn't.  i have 4.2.1 jelly bean on a gnex.
leneight ratingone this game was great till the latest update.
leneight ratingone let us go back to the previous build!
lenfour ratingone this game be poopoo.
lenfive ratingfive it is great and awesome!
leneighteen ratingfive i'm really enjoying playing this game cos its a good pass time and basically its temple run.
lennine ratingfive one of the best apps in the android market.
lenthree ratingfive totally worth it.
lenfifteen ratingfive vary nice game there are a couple leg spikes but other than that its good
leneighteen ratingfive this game is soooo adictive and is wayyyyy better than the first one and he graphics are amazing!
leneight ratingthree the game still flips upside down whilst playin
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfour much better terrain than the first one, only problem is the minor lagging
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfive ratingfour its anice n addictable game
lenfortytwo ratingfive i love it its  good then an old one it was ok but this is amazing i would give 100 stars to this game but unfortunately they got only 5 :) any way very good effort now i am waiting for it's third one.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive other than the lag on my galaxy, its too dope!
lenseven ratingfour what an improvement, i am addicted again.
lenfour ratingfive lot better lot harder
lenthirteen ratingfour good but it's kind of slow and it needs the sensitivity up.
lenthirteen ratingone i have installed and reinstalled but it just sits on the opening screen
lenfour ratingone this game is horrible.
lentwentyfive ratingone when its a remake you need to experiment more and it looks like the developers just got on one idea and came up with this.
lenfive ratingone tr the first is better.
lenfive ratingone add a sensibility option also.
lenfive ratingfive a wonderful game to play
lentwelve ratingthree but gets a little boring after a while and is kinda confusing.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingone cannot use it in my htc inspire 4g
lenfive ratingfive i like temple run one
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics, and totally different
lenfive ratingfive keep making sequels like this!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive this game is really addicting and fun.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lensix ratingfour better than the first temple run
leneleven ratingone it won't load, an it's gettin on my nerves.
lenfifteen ratingthree its a nice game but it has so much bugs that is immposible to play.
lentwentyfive ratingthree started playing a week ago and i found it easier than tr1 so let me enjoy it for now and will get back to your stars .
lenfour ratingfive the coolest game ever!
lenseven ratingfive works flawlessly on my samsung galaxy tablet.
lenten ratingfive add like a multiplayer or something and thatd be great
lenfive ratingfour thanx imangi amaing awesome again
lenseven ratingone this app dose not open for me.
lenfifteen ratingfive i couldn't agree more you guys did a great job writing this crazy game!
lenfortyfive ratingfive but the sensibility need  be adjusted, i feel like i need to tilt more than i did in temple run 1it is definitely not comfortable when playing this game on my bed ~.~ hope the sensibility adjustment function can be added in it as in temple run 1!
lenten ratingfive love the way it looks it's an awesome game
lensix ratingone can't even play the game
lenfortytwo ratingfour i got over 3000 coins twice and when i go to buy something everytime i look at my coins it drops all my money leaves me.350 the first time then 1000 the last time please give me my.coins back or fix this problem
lenthree ratingfive really tough game
lentwelve ratingfive awesome but it came out faster on the apple store so yea
lensix ratingone can't play after the update.
lenfour ratingone crashes during the intro.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game ?
leneleven ratingfour initially you feel bit difficult but letter you enjoy the game.
lensix ratingfour its bit lagging in my device.
lenten ratingfour waiting for the bugs to be fixed for grater experience.
lentwentyeight ratingfour the game is really fun to play, but after i downloaded the recent update, the game would shut down on me and go back to my home screen.
lensix ratingfour thanks imangi for another epic game!
lensix ratingfive great, even better than the first
lenseventeen ratingone way to busy plus screen doesn't seem to react to input as well as t1 on galaxy s2
lenthirteen ratingfive adds more to the core game and takes nothing away from the table.
leneighteen ratingfive just download it , my only concern  is sensitivity is too low you have to curve device a lot.
lensix ratingone its to glicthy and tweeks out
lenfifteen ratingfive best graphics and best sequel to a most s successful game in world of android.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenten ratingfour plz help me .i cant download this game in my p1000
lenthree ratingfive addicting love it:)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour game is really challenging love it no problems so far .
lenfive ratingfive this game is the sh__
lenfour ratingfive awesomest game ever yayayaya
lennineteen ratingfour excellent game apart from the double spiked roller which is impossible to pass in some circumstances, also river + roller.
lenthirteen ratingfour also, gems need to spawn more often, i get an average of 1 per 9000m
lenfour ratingfive love the new game
lennineteen ratingone ths app sucks, i have had to down load and uninstall  this app 5 time cause it keep freezing up.
leneight ratingfour its a great addition to the first one.
leneighteen ratingfour being able to use powerups when your meter is fullbis wonderfully, new obstacles and the trolley is cool.
lensixteen ratingfour however there is no option to change the way you ease your character left and right.
lentwentyeight ratingfour the first you could yaw your phone left and right but in this you can only just tilt left and right with your phone straight up and down.
lenseven ratingfour other than that great game and sequel.
lensixteen ratingtwo way to jumpy and its not as near as smooth camera views than as the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is great for sprint viper lg phone great picture very fast.
lenten ratingthree it's alright but the first one is way better
leneight ratingfive it's a very good game worth buying.
lenseven ratingfive nice step up from temple run one!
leneleven ratingfive i love the changes and i'm completely impressed and addicted!
lenthree ratingfive all day play!
lenthirteen ratingthree paid for coin doubler and it still doesn't work after the update.
leneleven ratingfour its a good game bt its file size should be less.
lenfourteen ratingone it does not load,  it gets frozen on the picture of the green s
lensix ratingfive best game i have ever played?
lennineteen ratingfive excellent game, more creative in the look and feel even the gameplay when compared to the first temple run
lenfive ratingtwo the track bug still exist!
lenten ratingtwo almost pointless of playing now will wait for next update
lenseven ratingthree subway surfer is best cmpr to dis
lenfifteen ratingfour i love this game, has me chuckling out loud whenever i die- which is often.
lentwentyone ratingfour not given 5 stars because i would like to be able to choose speed of game-slow for beginners, fast for experts.
lennine ratingone keeps crashing before it even gets to the game.
leneleven ratingone the game closes out and then does not open at all.
lennine ratingone i have to continually uninstall then reinstall to play.
lenten ratingone its fun while it works, which is a short time.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo all games have a flaw none are perfect this games flaw is there's not enough people for and upgrade also its way to many mob fixxxx now !
lenseven ratingfive i can't live without this game.
lenfour ratingfive i am totally hooked.
leneleven ratingfive it dose not let me play in my samsung galaxy s 4g.
lentwelve ratingfive it just loads and then takes me back to the home screen. :(
lensix ratingthree could be better way to hard .
lenseven ratingfive game and new graphics are v. nice.
lensix ratingfive bt colors could have been better.
lensix ratingfive n it cn be more responsive
lentwo ratingfive odlicna igrica
leneight ratingone for some reason i cannot play the game.
lennine ratingone it force closes every time i try to play.
lentwelve ratingone i'm eager to play so please hurry up and fix this.
lensixteen ratingone i have no problems playing temple run on my device so why wont temple run 2 work?
lenfourteen ratingfive este mai tare decat temple run 1 dar mai greu de jucat dar oricum mi place!
lenthree ratingfive great game ever
lentwentyone ratingfive it is really a good game but it is a little harder than the older one which makes it a challenge
lentwentyfour ratingthree the challenge menu stays on my screen unless i exit out of the menu all together, even when i am running through the temple.
leneleven ratingone i lost my high score, coins, challenges, characters, habilities, everything d:
lenseven ratingone will load but won't even open.
lenten ratingfour good game but does freeze a lot and sometimes crashes
lensix ratingfour very nice game i like it.
lensix ratingfour kids love it,i love it.
lenfour ratingtwo temple run 1 is better.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphic.
lenthirty ratingtwo first time its opened.but now its closing automatically after showing the imangi picture.please fix it.i love it cause i played after first download.but now not opening
lenthree ratingfive add more locations
lenseven ratingfour they be cheating , but it good game
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lenthirty ratingfive only issue is when i have 2900 coins and if i exit the game iam loosing them can you fix it plss on s2 other wise its an awesome game good grafics
lentwo ratingfive occasional gamer
lennine ratingfive some glitches here and there but a great game
lenfive ratingfour can u stop the lag?.
lensix ratingfive i love this app good quality
lensix ratingfive awesome , good time pass, beautiful graphics
leneight ratingfive really fun and better than the first one!
leneleven ratingone has glitches that make three runner not turn, or not jump.
lentwo ratingfour nice game .
lentwo ratingfour nice graphic
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive my daughter really loves this app.
lenfour ratingfive she destroys me constantly!
lenseventeen ratingfive we love the graphics and the fact the game never gives my sony ericsson any issues a+
lenthree ratingfour awesome as expectd.<3
lennine ratingone so much lag for me that i die constantly.
lenten ratingfour puts the battery on its knees in just few minutes.
lensix ratingfour other than that almost nearing perfect.
lentwo ratingfour pls rectify
lensix ratingone it wont open on galaxy s
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lentwenty ratingfive even better than the first but the coin count keeps changing.please fix this.other than that, keep it up!
lensixteen ratingtwo i like the game but i bought gems a few days ago and still not there.
lenfive ratingfive great game with excellent graphics.
lensixteen ratingfour sound is keep running even i hv done mute in setting plz fix it.samsung galaxy tab2
lenthree ratingfive good, exciting game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is evil.
lenten ratingfive it will forget to pick your kids up after school.
lennineteen ratingfive it says nasty things to your spouse, were else would my wife be angry every time she hears it?!
lentwenty ratingfive it doesn't fold or put laundry away, dishes pile up in the sink unwashed, young children aren't bathed.
lensix ratingfive it even forgets to cook diner.
lensixteen ratingfive if you want something to actively destroy your life, then this is the game for you!
leneight ratingone my tablet seems to not download tbe game.
lensixteen ratingone the game is great, but please fix the problem 'cause i want to rate it higher.
lentwo ratingfive sgs 2 cyanigenmod 9
lenfive ratingfour this game is super fun!
lenthirteen ratingfour if you are willing to take a challenge this game is for you.
lenfive ratingfour this version is more updated!
lennine ratingfour i am really hoping they make a temple run 3.
lentwelve ratingone this game when from the best to the worse after the uptade.
leneight ratingone getting 1 start from me till they fix it
lentwelve ratingfour the response is very slow and we can not increasr the sensitivity
lenfour ratingfive i realy love it
lenthirteen ratingfive add new characters and maybe make it so you could have map selection.
lennine ratingfive really good time waster on my nexus 10 runs flawlessly
lenfive ratingfive brilliant game love playing it!
lenthree ratingfive definitely deserzes 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lensix ratingfive thanks for fixing all the bugs.
lenseven ratingfive it runs smooth now on my phone :)
lennine ratingfive flows better with no crashing and much better gameplay
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lentwelve ratingfive i love this new temple run it is fun, challenging and adventurous.
lenfour ratingfive way better than previous
lentwelve ratingthree picking up 2 shield or magnet does not extends the power up time.
lentwelve ratingthree i hate it now the ways go into the bar slowly now!
lenthree ratingone spaz up guy
lennine ratingfive this game is soo addicted i luv it .:-d
lenten ratingfive good and addictive, also not pushing coin purchase at all.
lenfive ratingfive totally addicted to this game
lenthirteen ratingfive the game runs better than temple run 1 but the icons are very big.
lenfour ratingfive i loveee this gamee
lenfive ratingfive i dont have any complaints.
leneight ratingfive i just wish for more upgrades and characters. :)
lennine ratingone just sits there and loads and won't open.
leneleven ratingone htc evo 3d gets the message that the "package file is invalid."
lenfifteen ratingfive builds upon the layout of the first run, and adds a more fluid visual layout.
lenthree ratingthree package file invalid?
lenfourteen ratingone i'll try to open the app but it just force closes please fix
leneight ratingthree however i bought a coin and gem pack.
lenfourteen ratingthree over a wifi network and they still haven't shown up on the game.
lentwo ratingthree contact dev.
lenfourteen ratingthree thats about ?6-7  gone! :@  soon as i get what i purchased i will rate higher !
lenthree ratingfour incorrect download url
lenthirtythree ratingthree i love this game but even when i am not playing it still drains my phones battery.i have tried everything but nothing works please fix this and then i will give 5 stars
lenten ratingfour when i collect 2 000 coins, suddenly they disappear and start from 0.
lenten ratingfour this game is awesome and better than the first one.
lenten ratingfour but honestly, i think subway surfer should still be number 1.
lenten ratingfour but temple run 2 is still really fun, get the app
lentwo ratingfive sexy game
lensixteen ratingfive you know how there's a shadow underneath the character that shows as they're jumping?
lenfourteen ratingfive yeah, it shows in the air as he's jumping over a gap also.
lenfourteen ratingfive it probably bothers only me, but fix it to make it look more realistic.
lensixteen ratingthree if you don't mind having black squares in place of pictures outside of the game! !
leneighteen ratingfive the first time i got it i5 was a puzzle game.the second time i got it it worked.
lentwentyseven ratingfive when you come out with temple run 3, make it so that after you collect a certain amount of coins, you can enter another world .space, future ,etc.
lenthree ratingfour amazing job guys.
lenseven ratingfour except that it lags horribly on my s3.
leneight ratingthree better dan d 1st one bt nt lyk subway
lentwo ratingfive nice gameplay
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run!
lenfour ratingfive it runs perfectly smooth
lenfour ratingfive its amazing and funn!(:
lenfive ratingfive this is an awsome game.
lennine ratingfive i had no troubles at all whats so ever!
lentwenty ratingthree i have to guess when the next turn and obstacle arrives because lag makes it choppy and difficult to navigate.
lenfive ratingthree not better then temple run.!
leneight ratingthree sometimes it take too much time to resume.
lenfive ratingfive a very good time waster
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are crazy
lensix ratingfive huge upgrade compared to the first!
lenfourteen ratingtwo have a galaxy s2, ive played it twice and now it wont start.pls fix
lentwo ratingfive iz fun
lentwentynine ratingfive i like this game but i can see u give a turn and it don't show really fast just few seconds later but this game is pretty awesome
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is so improved
lentwelve ratingtwo every time i use a "save", the game freezes and then closes.
leneleven ratingtwo when i go back in game, a gem has been taken.
lenten ratingtwo it didn't do it when i first started playing
lennine ratingthree you guys should make this compatable with samsung infuse!
lenfour ratingone won't even start.
lenten ratingone i open the app and it just closes right away.
lenseventeen ratingthree none of my in app purchases have shown up even after updating and the card was charged.
leneight ratingthree game lags sometimes but still nice to play.
leneight ratingthree will be 5 stars after this issue is fixed.
lentwo ratingfive awesome games
leneight ratingtwo now with the update, the app is laggy.
lenfive ratingtwo like when you're running.
lenten ratingfive this is a lot harder than the other running games
leneight ratingone it won't work when i download it
lenseven ratingfive this game is really adicting its awesome
lenthree ratingfive good job people.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive little challenging than previous game
lenfifteen ratingfive it's a great game but it should have more levels like the train level.
lenfour ratingfive nyc.playing ol day
lentwentyone ratingtwo i originally gave this 5 stars but when i purchased the coin doubler it never took effect and now i am out 4.99.
leneleven ratingtwo if this gets fixed i will bump back up to 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive game runs flawless on gnote.
lentwelve ratingfive i like the idea of an assasins creed version of this game.
lentwenty ratingfive we've got a disney version of it i'd happily pay a few pound for the assasins creed version
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenfour ratingfive amazing, no complaints whatsoever.
lenseven ratingfive great game you guys outdone yourselfs again.
leneightyseven ratingthree i like this game very much but after a certain time of playing it decides time close out and make me lose all my progress, then when it gives me the option to use the diamonds and i click yes it closes out and it will say i have a negative amount of diamonds and then when i get one on the game it can't be used also it starts glitching causing me to lose control please fix these problems so i can rate it 5 star :)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive it's really awesome game that i ever had play
lenfour ratingfive great gamr with levels
lenseven ratingfour sometimes lags other then that best one
lentwo ratingfive ridiculously addicting!
lenfour ratingfive best game ever created
leneight ratingfive its so cool and i just luv it
lenthree ratingfive no lags, awesome!
lenfive ratingfive but sincerely more characters, please!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive it's so much better than the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive its amazing the minecarts are auwsome
lensix ratingfour motion movement needs to be improve
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenseven ratingfive its way better than the old templerun
lentwo ratingfive sexy game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game the only thing i was not used to was the tilting of the phone
lenseven ratingfive a wonderful follow up to the first.
lenseven ratingfive fast, addicting, and is just downright fun.
lenthree ratingfive highly recommend it.
lenseven ratingfour it's really fun but kinda hard.
lentwentyfive ratingone i have been waiting for a new update hoping that after that update i would be able to play it, but i was completly wrong.
lentwentyseven ratingone there is still a problem, everytime i try to play it goes to the imangy loading page then it just closses and goes to my home screen.
lentwelve ratingone it does not even ask me to fprse close it just closes.
lenfiftythree ratingone its always lagging and never does what i'm telling it to do.if i move it right.it doesn't do anything.same with all the other moves.and some might say thats because i have an ild phone but i have a galaxy s3 and this game is smooth on the iphone 5.
lensix ratingone please try to make it better
lenthree ratingfive better than previous
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lensixteen ratingone apple got this game 3 weeks ago.why for android users u puted thus game so late ?
lenfourteen ratingone 1 star rate ;) next time put this game at the same time as apple users.
lennine ratingfive so fun, legit coins and crazy awesome power ups!
lenten ratingone uninstalling again, stays on loading screen then  force closes itself.
lenseven ratingfour it could have more sounds and effects.
lennine ratingfive great game, never thought it would be so addicting.!
lenthirteen ratingfive i play it all the time, and everyone around me does too haha
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo i have a samsung stratosphere and i enjoy the game but after a few turns or even right away the game starts to glitch and either doesn't recongize me swipes or just ignores them
lenfour ratingfive simple gestores to play.
lenfour ratingone not able to install.
lenfive ratingone my freaking info got resetted.
lenten ratingone i turned my phone on and i see the tutorial.
lensix ratingone all my power ups got resetted.
lenfour ratingone no coins no gems.
lenthree ratingone 12.9m max score.
lenseven ratingfive this app is great, i love it.
leneleven ratingfive definitely better than the first temple run, keep it up guys!
lennine ratingfive the coolest game in the world nd more challenging: )
lentwentyone ratingtwo everytime im playing the game will pause by itself when i dont press the pause button they need to fix this
lensix ratingtwo keep freezing every time i die.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lensix ratingfive awesome game enjoyed playing must play
lenseven ratingfive this is the best temple run ever : )
lenthirtyseven ratingone i wish i could give 0 stars this game was fine until it start taking my coins it wont let me get more then 4000 coins im deleting now whats the point if i cant buy nothing im mad
lenthree ratingfive really great game!
lenten ratingfour sometimes when i wanna do something, it does the opposite.
lenthirteen ratingfive add new characters and maybe make it so you could have map selection.
lenfour ratingone total rubish rubisher dan 1
lenten ratingfour good time game, but lacks variety when you more times.
lentwentyone ratingfive basically ppl who have iphone 4 or older android might see some lag but on high end devices note ii / iphone 5 etc. .
lenfive ratingfive it runs like a breeze !
lennine ratingfour could use some work liked the first one better
lenthirtysix ratingthree needs optimizing for the nova thor u8500 cpu and the mali 400 gpu as it is a bit rough and my sony xperia u can run nfs most wanted perfect so i know my phone isnt the issue.
lenseven ratingthree sony xperia u 1ghz dual core running android 4.0.4
leneight ratingfive makes the 1st game look like a beta test!
lenthirtyone ratingfour i was able to play the game twice but now all it does is shows imangi studios page and then closes.this sucks i really enjoyed playing it when i could!
lentwo ratingfour gud game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive increase in gems would be a plus!
lenseven ratingone it wont let me down load it.
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is better then the last one i hope they make anther  one
lennine ratingfour when graphics are ob high the game cannot luanch.
lenseven ratingtwo why an update requires full 33 mb download.
lenfive ratingfour the achievements are not solved
lensix ratingfive this game is tons of fun
lenten ratingfive after the update the game runs smoothly in xperia tipo:)
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive def better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive works  really smooth on my galaxy s2
leneleven ratingfive its amazing i lv it it s better than temple run 1
lenten ratingthree the original first version is much better drawn and funnier.
lenseven ratingfive there needs to be a sensitivity adjustment.
lenseven ratingfive i enjoy playing this game a lot.
lenthree ratingfive amazing game! :d
lenfive ratingfive so fun and cool in 3d
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingone won't even download.
leneleven ratingone it says its downloading then when its done it says install.
leneleven ratingone really wish it would download because i would love to play.
leneighteen ratingfive everytime i jump over a rolling spiky thing 1/3 times i die landing into the water fall right after.
lenthree ratingfive imangi please help
lenseven ratingfive thank you guys for the new update.
leneight ratingfive works great on my old droid x now!
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game.
lennine ratingfive no crashes etc. in 3 word's: very very good.
lenseventeen ratingone stays on the imagini page with the green i and closes and says it stop working unexpectidly
lenfive ratingfour earlier one is much better
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingthree its more awesome than the last one.
lenthree ratingthree cant stop playing.
leneight ratingthree update- still problem wid the same objective  issue.
lenthirteen ratingthree ive completed 1 mil lifrtime meters nd nw its again in my objective list.
lentwelve ratingone when i try to play it crashes and goes to home screen!
lenfive ratingfive addictive game great must have.
lentwelve ratingfour addictive game better graphics need to add some more characters and achievement
leneleven ratingfive wonderful game with lots of challenge, good graphics and really superb.
lensix ratingfive i liked that game very much
lenthree ratingfive game is excellent.
lentwelve ratingone when i press the diamond to resurrect, the game freezes on me.
lentwo ratingfive nice try
lenseven ratingfive a excellent game to pass the time  :)
lenten ratingone i cant advance because my coins disapear when i get 3000.
leneleven ratingone i thought the upgrade would fix this but it happened again.
leneight ratingfive i like it more then the first one
lentwelve ratingone still can't play it still closes out on my samsung galaxy
leneighteen ratingfour i have completed an objective but the same one has come back on saying i havnt done it!
lentwentytwo ratingthree every time i try to use a revive my game crashes and deletes the high scores i just got a game before
lenseventeen ratingfive running without any issues but there is some lag in the coin meter animation after the update.
lentwenty ratingfive coins are not moving in the meter as smoothly as it was earlier pls fix otherwise awesome game very addictive
lenfive ratingfive grandma even loves this game!
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome  i played it all day yesterday
lenseven ratingfive great game much better than the first.
lenfifteen ratingfive one thing quite hard to go to the left or right as you are turning.
lentwentyfive ratingone i hope the next time i will update this game that it wil run properly with my device coz i really anjoy playing this game.
lenfour ratingfive download this app suree.
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 rockss.
leneleven ratingfour you will love it if your a fan of the first
lenten ratingfive this game is fun stable has good graphics and addictive
lennine ratingfour theis game is cool, worth the time to download
lensixteen ratingfive if you like the first, i don't know how you could not like this one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive brill exhilirating and addictive
lenfour ratingfive great for wasting time
lenfive ratingfive good job on the update!
leneleven ratingfive my gameplay has improved and is, for the most part, smooth.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lenten ratingfive this game was awsome thats all i have to say
lenthirty ratingfour honestly like the new game other than where i have to tilt since i'm having to literally hold the phone horizontal to get the character to stay on road.
lennineteen ratingfour on the iphone this issue doesn't seem to exist, so please fix, than i'll give five stars
lenseven ratingfive best casual game on google play store.
lensix ratingfour not as good as angry birds.
lenten ratingtwo the new update still don't load on older devices
lensixteen ratingfive it's a great game but controls need improving as their is a lack of sensitivity.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingfive better than the first one altough there are sime thing i would change
lentwentysix ratingfour i really love this game but i hate that two of the same power-ups cancel each other out or the second one just dont count.
lennineteen ratingfour on temple run 1 with tablet it was easier and faster to turn but now it's harder to turn.
lenseven ratingfive part 1 was great part 2 is even better
lenseventeen ratingfive the sequel to the very fun game temple run with more installed course with a new environment.
lensix ratingfive a nice way to kill time.
lenfive ratingfive great game to waste time
lensix ratingfive great job on an excellent upgrade
lenten ratingfive i like the original,  but the sequel is even better.
lenseven ratingfive best temple run ever way better than 1
lensix ratingfour one of the top free application
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lennine ratingfour i like the game, but it crashes a lot.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive good game but needs bug fixes. .please fix
lenthirty ratingfour i love this game its great except for the fact that u can't buy other people when u have coins the y keep disappearing and can't keep them
lenfifteen ratingfive really addictive but marvellous fun, and its more of a challenge than the previous game
lenfourteen ratingfive its better than the first temple run and its the best temple run yet
lensix ratingfour fun game but its so slow
leneighteen ratingthree purchased a gem pack a few days ago, still no reply back through email and still no gems.
lensix ratingone this fuckin game doesnt even  work!
lensix ratingfive like to be a good runner!
lennine ratingone except it won't even open on my phone.
lenten ratingone i played it on my boyfriends iphone and its awesome.
leneleven ratingone but i'd like if the app would open on mine.
lenfour ratingfive this game is addictive!
lenten ratingfive it's so much better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingthree stopped and froze
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
leneight ratingfive very fun game, but has some  minor issues.
lentwentyone ratingfive the part where it's a narrow path you have to run on is sometimes hard to get on without falling.
lentwelve ratingfive have not even played but know its awesome plz keep it up
lentwentyone ratingthree good game and love the new objectives and levels but so laggy on my xperia go that it's almost unplayable:-(
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwentythree ratingtwo the game wont even get to the main menu for my lg thrill pls fix as soon as possible and ill rate higher
lensix ratingfive this is such an awesome game
leneight ratingfive hope the game gets better with the update
lentwentyone ratingfour thegame is awesome but the game is a bite to hard for me becauseon number one my highest was 3milion.overall great
lenthirteen ratingfive at first not as good as original but then the adictiveness kicks in.
lenseventeen ratingone this is a great game on my ipod but on my tablet it wont jump or slide.
lentwo ratingfive super addicting
lensix ratingfive significant improvement over the older version.
lensix ratingfive graphics and objectives are much better.
lentwentythree ratingtwo temple 2 was a great game new things to do very refreshing but the game has started having a lot of glitchs and bugs
lenthree ratingfour okay i guess .
lenthirteen ratingfour i was kinda dissapointed at first but i soon grew to like it
lennine ratingone still force closes on loading screen, even after 2 updates.
leneleven ratingone perhaps make it so it opens on lowest quality by default?
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfour decent upgrade.
lennineteen ratingfour appreciate the fact that they trying to make it more real but still not as good as the original.
lenseven ratingone its a cool game i like it.
lenthirteen ratingone but know it wont work know fix for 5 stars it forsclos on me.
lenfive ratingfive better then the last addiction
lentwelve ratingone this is a really good game the fist time i played it.
lenfifteen ratingone but now that i try to open the game it always force close on me!.
lenfifteen ratingone i loved the game i just wish it will load so i can play it!
lenthirteen ratingfour i really like the new viewing angle when your sliding on you back.
lennineteen ratingfour the tilting is not as sensetive as the first temple run and there is no to increase the sensetivity.
lennine ratingfour there was an update thqt fixed ny lag problems.
leneleven ratingfour now there is jusy a long wait at the loading screen
lenfour ratingfive another cool temple run.
lenfour ratingfive nice graphic and gameplay.
lentwo ratingfive congrats imangi.
lenseven ratingfour this game is fun really really fun!
lenseventeen ratingfive but there is always room to make the game better with additions that enhance the game play
lenseven ratingthree it hard getting use to it carving
lensix ratingthree this game runs flawlessly on my s2.
lennineteen ratingthree my only suggestion is to add facebook connect so that scores can be compared and it gets more interesting
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfour ratingthree the game is great.
lentwelve ratingthree like the game will open and then it will close after 20 seconds.
leneight ratingthree the problem started after i updated the game.
lenseven ratingthree so i dont know what is wrong
lennine ratingthree if i set sound to 0 that means all sound.
lenfourteen ratingthree i don't need to hear footsteps and menu clicks in spite of it
leneight ratingfour its a great game but it keep glitching
lenfive ratingfour a bit simple but fun.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
leneight ratingfive very much addicted. .working flawlessly without any crashes. .
lentwelve ratingfive it's simple and easy to play yet very addicting and fun!
lenthirteen ratingfive ya acting like this game bad this the best game u ever had
lennine ratingthree there is like a serious fault with this game!
leneleven ratingthree i had 10 000 coins and when i play again i only have 143 :(
lentwentyfive ratingthree 2 bugs that need fixing asap: - coin doubler doesnt work. - if you already have a magnet or sheild picking up another wont extend the duration time.
lenfour ratingfive it is super game.
leneight ratingfive i enjoy this game very much ird awesome;)
lenfifteen ratingfive try to make this game really fun not just for run only.minigame i think. .
lennine ratingone it just gets stuck on the start up screen.
lentwo ratingfive fukin great! ?
lenfifteen ratingfour it is better than the first but i wish it had the sensitivity option still
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfour great job
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentythree ratingfour my little brother won't stop bugging me to play it.the only thing i would fix is adding more to the store
leneighteen ratingone i will not even bother to contact the developer because they dont respond to any emails and messages.
leneleven ratingone temple run 1 runs perfectly but this does not start at all.
leneight ratingone it freezes on the logo and thats all.
lenseven ratingone so much expectation and excitement for nothing.
lenthree ratingfive looks really cool
lenfifteen ratingone game is great but they charge for coims and jems but you never get them.
lenthirteen ratingone been over a week and haven't gotten the coins i payed for.
lenthree ratingone garbage customer care.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much
leneleven ratingtwo very good game, but it's pretty useless on xperia sola.
lenfourteen ratingtwo the game automatically turns floating touch on, even if it's disabled in settings.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i doubt that developers will look at the problem which affects only one phone, but believe me many are like this
leneight ratingfive i salute your dedication to make this game!
lenfifteen ratingfive this game i so fun and time killer the perks is so good 2  temple run 2
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run.
lentwentythree ratingfive nothing else to say, since the bugs have been minor and i haven't tried the updated version yet, but keep it free!
lennineteen ratingfive i love the fact that it's a great game, and everyone gets everything fairly, because it's free.
lenfourteen ratingfive i waited for it for a week and it was worth more then that!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive great apps.
lentwo ratingfour great game !
lenfive ratingfour still a little bit buggy.
lensixteen ratingfour especially when you make the character jump to avoid falling when the track suddenly becomes narrow.
lenfive ratingfive great game really enjoyed it
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lensixteen ratingfour game is awesome as stated before, but now i have the objective: gold miner "500,000 lifetime coins"
lensix ratingfour popped up for a second time.
lenfourteen ratingfour i let it be and continued the objective, around 450-480,000 coins the second one froze.
lenfourteen ratingfour after completing the objective one of the two went away the other did not.
lensixteen ratingfour now that objective will not go away even after the update for a similar stated issue.
lenfour ratingfour samsung galaxy s3 through verizon.
lennineteen ratingone even after the update it still wont even let me open the app, it still force closes every time
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingfive its a great fun game if you dont have it u should get it its free.
leneleven ratingone used to play great but after update it won't start.
lensix ratingone sent from my samsung galaxy proclaim
leneight ratingfive i love this game i'm totally addicted .
lenthree ratingfive go temple run 2
lenten ratingthree new background makes it slightly impossible for me to read.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game- awesome graphics
lensix ratingfour good game but more free gems
lensixteen ratingfive i had just finished my obsession with the first one when i heard about this release.
lenthirteen ratingtwo my coins disappear when i reach 3,000  coins , i can't get up grades
lenfortysix ratingfive honest this game is the bomb so much better then the first temple run and its harder and got way more better graphics its a awsome game i love u should love it and yeah cause this game has to be one of my fav now
lensixteen ratingfive it works great on samsung galaxy tab 8.9, it is much better that the first temple run.
lenfourteen ratingthree it takes forever to load the main screen when you click on the app
lenfive ratingfive this game is really badass
leneight ratingtwo even after the update my coins are disappearing.
lenseven ratingtwo please fix fast or i'm uninstalling.
lenfortytwo ratingthree i'll does on the game and when i go to save myself with a gem the game kicks me off and i lose any points i had for that run along with money and it then tells me i have -1 gems.
lennineteen ratingfive i didn't think temple run could get any better then you released this bravo bravo 5 stars (of course)
lentwelve ratingfive the first version was already really good, but this one is awesome!
lennine ratingfive so much more action packed then the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfive but nevertheless it's very addicting & i just may never play the first one again. !
lentwentyeight ratingone the only thing that needs fixed is almost  every time i use a crystal, the app freezes, shuts off and subtracts a crystal and now i have tons.
lennine ratingone im worried itll shut off if i use them
lennine ratingfive well it's a good game for all ages
lentwentysix ratingone i have a triumph and ill click on it and nothing happens it just automaticly closes and i've  tried reinstalling it and nothing please fix
lenseven ratingfour i find it quite fun but hard.
lentwentyone ratingtwo in my opinion temple run 1 is just flat out a more fun game but temple run 2 is a okay entertaining game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive now classes in school are not so boring :)
lensix ratingfour single run stats are not correct.
lenfour ratingfive its a fun game
lenten ratingfive dis game is so fun awesome and cool so fly
lensix ratingfive betta than the first temple run
lenten ratingfive could not get past 1000 metres but i love the game
lentwo ratingfive fuckin awsom
lenseven ratingtwo i'm sure its a cool game.
leneight ratingtwo i am a big fan of temple run 1.
lensix ratingtwo but this one dosnt start up.
lensix ratingtwo it goes to the "imangi studios"
lenten ratingtwo screen before it loads normally, then it force closes everrytime.
lenfive ratingfive looking forward to temple run 3+
lentwentytwo ratingfive super fun, its so endless& the graphics are amazing! <333 this game, anyone who doesn't have it , needs to download it pronto! ;)
lenfifteen ratingfive so much fun to play with my little cousin and my mom everyone loved it.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lennine ratingtwo low speed in samsung galaxy s.  please fix it
lenfourteen ratingone ive downloaded, restarted,  and done everything i could,  but the game wont even start.
leneleven ratingone it just stayd on the intro screen where it shows imangi
lensix ratingone not that good, prefer temple run 1!
leneight ratingthree yeahh kind of good , except the weird stuff ;)
lenfour ratingfive awesome betta dan 1 luvitttt?
lennine ratingfour other than that it's a very entertaining game
lennine ratingfive i love this game, gr8 way to pass the time!
lentwentyone ratingtwo before the update this game was butter smooth, but after the most recent update my frame rate is awful and inconsistent.
lennine ratingtwo on a tegra 3, that shouldn't be the case.
lenthree ratingfive great fun game
lenthree ratingthree make controls better
lenseven ratingfive luv it but does not download properly
lenseventeen ratingfour i love this game it's a lot more exiting and adventurous than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive ahhhh this is cool
lentwelve ratingtwo keeps lagging everytime i try to jump it lags and i die.
lenseven ratingfive great game better than the first one
lenthree ratingfour fun real fun
leneleven ratingfive the game is flawless no glitches or anything it works fine
leneight ratingtwo love the game but can't play it.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo freakin force closes once i get good then i won't ne able to p lay and have to reinstall title sorry
lennineteen ratingfive very few developers make sequels better than the original but i must say you've done a great job!
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
lensix ratingfive the graphics are beautiful on the s3.
lennine ratingfive the game is addictive, fun, and easy-to-use.
lenthirty ratingfive i think this game is really gud and even better than the old 1, only problem is that u can't get as many characters and it doesn't respond sumtimes
lenten ratingfour it's a fun game still getting used to it.
lennine ratingfive brilliant and very addictive have played it none stop
lenten ratingone only half of the screen was shown on my screen.
lenten ratingone because of that i had to give a 1 star rating :(
lenfive ratingfive wow what a great improvement!
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i enjoy this game very much because it includes obsticales such as ducking jumping and much more i do not want to ruin it for u so download it now or you'll regret it.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i do have one problem though it tends to run a bit slow sometimes but most times excellent if this was sorted it would be the best game ever in my opinion.
leneleven ratingfive runs perfectly and is a really fun game on the nexus 7
leneight ratingthree the update didnt fix the multiple achievement prob.
lenseven ratingthree i had achieved both before the upate.
lensixteen ratingthree 'circumnavigator' and 'glod miner' are still stuck to the objectives menu inspite of being completed previously!
lenfive ratingfour amazing game truely has improved.
lentwo ratingfive kool game
lenfive ratingfive nice update to the game.
lenseven ratingfive what's temple run 3 going to bring?
lensixteen ratingthree while i love the graphics and game layout, please allow me to adjust my tilt sensitivity !
lenseventeen ratingthree in the original temple run i have the sensitivity up against n it's so much faster.
lenseven ratingthree please fix n i will rate 5 stars
leneight ratingfour it's a bit laggy on ny phone.
lenfour ratingfour gets me killed sometimes.
lensix ratingfive las minas y los cables estn excelentes!
lentwelve ratingfive i'm running this on my nexus 10 and it looks really great.
leneighteen ratingfive i'm really pleased with the second release and see that with updates even more can be added.
leneleven ratingfive i'm very excited and have been playing a good bit.
lentwentyfive ratingfive this keeps my interest much better than the generic ones p,aged out of boredom once you have played the first temple run too much.
leneighteen ratingfive i also have tried this on an ipad first generation and it runs very well on there too.
lenfourteen ratingfive thank you for brining us a game that is fun, free, and no ads!
lenfive ratingthree the game is just average
leneleven ratingone goes to the i screen then closes even after the update.
lenseventeen ratingtwo every 10 seconds or so it lags a bit, which 90 percent of the time doesn't affect me.
lentwelve ratingtwo but that 10 percent correlates exactly to a finger swipe, which kills me.
lenfifteen ratingtwo so about half my games end early because of this, which can be quite frustrating.
leneleven ratingtwo please fix this and i'll rate this game at 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingfour lags from time to time, would be 5 star if it didn't lag :)
lenseventeen ratingtwo at first i have 100% battery then when i play only 3 games i have 20% please please fix it
lentwentynine ratingfour das spiel selbst ist an und fr sich gut, wie auch natrlich die grafiken, die gegenber dem vorgnger viel schner geworden ist, aber ich finde es schade, dass man dei sensibilitt nicht mehr einstellen kann.
lenthree ratingfour deshalb nur 4 sterne.
lenseven ratingfour bitte hinzufgen, dann gibt es auch von mir 5 * !
leneighteen ratingone i downloaded this game 4 times and it doesnt want to work ! >=[ so can someone just freakin fix it ?!
lenfive ratingone why people like this game.
lensix ratingone it's horrible and really boring.
lensixteen ratingone not fun to play, controls are simplistic but annoying and the game play is mind numbing.
lenten ratingfour it takes soo much time to load in the start.
lensix ratingfour but it is a nice game.
lenfour ratingfive great job guy's
lenseven ratingfour only a couple little bugs so far.
lentwentyfour ratingfour i found that say i grab a magnet powerup and just before it runs out i chance on another,but it still runs out.
lenthirteen ratingfour otherwise runs great,no or little lag,and its just a fun game!
leneleven ratingfive i love this game and i'm always playing this game
lentwentytwo ratingone it sucks!every time i try to play it it says the program suddenly has stop,i can't even play it.
lentwelve ratingtwo i had the problem of the double objective of collecting 500,000 lifetime coins.
lenthirteen ratingtwo despite finishing the objective one of the 2 that appeared in the list remains.
lenthree ratingfive awesome addicting game.
lenseven ratingfive good way to kill time if bored.
lensix ratingfive hope updates bring in new challenges.
lentwentyfour ratingfive nice graphics, simple but addictive game play, if i would've known it was this fun i would've played the first one too!
lensix ratingfive force closes on the imangi screen
lensix ratingfour great game but lags a lot
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenfour ratingfive more powerups please ;d
lentwelve ratingfour i realy like it is way better than the first temple run
lentwelve ratingfour worth a try dimends cood be easyer to get but is good
lentwo ratingfive awsome game!
lenfourteen ratingfive probably the best game on the market, and tops the first on every level!
lentwelve ratingfive thanks for making a great game and making it free without ads.
lentwo ratingfive beaux check
lentwo ratingfive great sequel.
lenfour ratingfive my highscore is 8 million
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lentwenty ratingfour only annoyance is when obstacles are computer generated impossibly close together so that there's no way of clearing them!
lentwentysix ratingthree the only thing wrong with it are that you have to tilt the phone a lot to get your character to even move left or right.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, great graphics, easy to learn.
lenthree ratingfive i want more! :)
lennine ratingfour nice game but i can't download the update.
lenseven ratingfour it says the package file is invalid
lenfive ratingthree the game lags a lot.
lensix ratingthree dosent jump or turn so well.
lenseven ratingfive it is awesome my highscore is epic
leneight ratingfive i like templeb run because it is fun.
lenfour ratingfive fukin loovvveee it mayne
lenfive ratingfive this game is so intense.
leneight ratingfive my stress level and blood pressure is rising.
lenfive ratingfive i f!@#$*& love this game
lenthree ratingthree a useless update.
lentwentythree ratingthree i love this game but everytime i try to use my save me gem the game crashes and it steals all my gems.
leneleven ratingone i paid for the 400,000 coins at $19.99 ans still hvnt got them.
lenseven ratingfive very fun game my 3 yo loves it!
lentwelve ratingfour still have a completed circumnavigate objective stuck on current objectives screen though.
lentwenty ratingfour also, when a power up is picked when one is active, the time on it doesn't reset like in tr1.
leneleven ratingfive when i tried this game i coud not put technalagy down
leneight ratingfive got much better graphics than the first one!:)
lenfive ratingfive very cool app way better.
leneighteen ratingfive than the 2nd 1 i just wish the scenes wud change its always the same run love the mine cart
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneighteen ratingfive i thoought that the best quality would also feature a change of time (night / day - next feature, maybe).
leneighteen ratingfive the game is really awesome but wat really sucks is the tilt sensivity if tat can be fix
lensix ratingfive works great on my razr maxx!
lenseven ratingone it still doesnt work after the update.
lenfifteen ratingfive i believe that once one plays this while they're driving, it becomes a problem.
lenthirteen ratingfive other than that, enjoy it while talking to your friends, during the superbowl.
leneight ratingfive try to put it down, just try it.
lentwentyeight ratingfive this game sucks cause it takes long time to download and won't even work it takes along time to download and ain't even work this sucks
lenfive ratingfive works flawlessly on incredible s.
lennine ratingfive thank you so much for fixing the save me.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwenty ratingfive i initially gave you one star as i was so angry not to be able to use the save me.
lenfive ratingfive i love you all imangi
lensix ratingthree after the update it lags sometimes.
lentwentythree ratingthree before the update i could easily go up to 1 milloin and it didnt lag but now i die like at 400,000 because it lags.
lensix ratingthree but overall its a good game.
lenfour ratingfive really good game awsome
lennine ratingfive i have a galaxy s2 and the game works perfect!
lennine ratingfive runs nice and smooth on the high graphics setting.
lentwelve ratingfive i am amused at my friends who have iphones and their lagginess.
lenseven ratingfive note: i am over clocked to 1.4 ghz.
lenthree ratingfive overall great game!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfourteen ratingfour the new engine makes the controls a little bit tougher but much more rewarding.
lentwentyfour ratingfour a much needed update to the games artwork makes the game fun and interesting, there's always something new to notice on repeated playthroughs.
lenfive ratingfive best game of temple run
lenfive ratingfive this game is quite entertaining.
leneleven ratingfive despite having great graphics it runs very fluidly on my device.
lenseven ratingfive its great im in lov wit it.
lenfive ratingfive its more of a challenge
lenthirtyone ratingthree update: since the update my objective to run 1000000 metres has frozen i'm over 1000000 and it i'd still only like 1/4 of the way through rating gone down since got worse
lennine ratingfour shows my 500,000 lifetome coin ojective after i completed it
lenfive ratingfive its addicting i love it (': ?
lentwentyfour ratingfive i like every thing on it but there is a problem in the begining on my phone it lags when he starts to run
lenfour ratingfour much bette than 1st game
lenthree ratingfive absolutely loving it!
lenthirteen ratingfive of course everyone knows temple run and this just raised the bar again!
lenfour ratingfive definitely worth the download!
lentwentyseven ratingfive people move on with the times like this company has with the graphics, get a new phone if it's slow if not gutted that's life.
lenfive ratingfive idiots "this game works perfect 5stars"
leneight ratingfive all because of the back button, you freaks!
lenten ratingfive the game was perfect anyway you fussy bunch of cretins.
lenfourteen ratingfive got a score of 17.736.843 best i've had and trying to beat it again!
leneight ratingfive it is awesome game and fun to play!:):):):):):):)
lenthree ratingfour cool game la
lentwelve ratingfive thanks imangi studio's for the recent update of the screen fix
lenseven ratingfour so much better than the first game!
lenthree ratingfive fantastic game ever!
leneleven ratingfive lots of improvements and alot better then the first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive graphics much improved and new additions are cool.
leneleven ratingthree im getting error 498 , i cant enjoy this game , samsung galaxy s
lenfifteen ratingone it keeps freezing and it won't let me jump or slide and keeps glitching
lentwentysix ratingthree even i try to download it on my htc one x it says file is not valid, please fix i really want to play this game
lensixteen ratingthree its fun but i could only play it once then i couldn't play it again
lentwelve ratingone ever since the latest update it statyed lagging on my gs3 please fix
lenfour ratingfive fun, challenging and addictive!
lenfive ratingfive this is the bedt game.
leneleven ratingone i used to love it until i installed the newest update.
lentwelve ratingone since then it freezes after i die it restarted all my objectives.
lentwo ratingfour great app.
lenfour ratingfour i love temple runnn!
lenthree ratingfour pretty good game.
lenfourteen ratingthree i liked it more than the original one but it need many fixes imangi .
lentwentysix ratingthree when i engage 2 speed boosts consequently the 2nd fails and throw me of the cliff or i hit the tree .i suffer from many lags and glitches .
lentwenty ratingthree my phone is powerfull htc one x running on jelly bean and the game graphics are set on lowest possible.
lentwentyeight ratingthree when iam using a powerup and collect another one of the same type it doesnt add to the time of the first while the time must be extended .
lenfive ratingthree 5 stars when bugs are fixed .
lenseven ratingfive its better than the original temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneight ratingfive it is the coolest thing i ever seen
lennine ratingfive nice graphics and also the added feature is unique.
lenfour ratingfive i love it yeaaaaaaa!
leneighteen ratingfive hello i need some thing that u make that i can send money and gems to annother phone.
lennine ratingfive i was a big fan of the first game.
lenfifteen ratingfive not much has changed other than the prettiness but that's not a terrible thing.
lensix ratingfive a very challenging and addicted game.
leneighteen ratingfive it's exactly everything that i liked from the original with just more obstacles and a better scenery.
lentwentythree ratingthree it started working great but then when i used it the next day it would keep crashing and wouldn't let me play.
lenseven ratingfive i am a great temple run fan.
lentwenty ratingfive those who are giving a negative review should atleast think that they ate getting such a great game for free.
lenten ratingfive stupid people atleast show some respect to the awesome developers.
leneight ratingfive congrats guys and wish you all the success.
lenten ratingfive this deserves five stars for the best game on android.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2 :-)
lentwentyeight ratingtwo i have to say that the game doesnt lag any more or glitch with the power ups but i just dont like the whole setting of the game.
lenthirty ratingtwo its got too much stuff going on that makes its hard to focus on the actual game and and its also harder to veer left and right to avoid obsticles.
lensixteen ratingtwo to be honest i actually think the game looks a lot older than the original one.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i preffer the first temple run where everythings more easier and straight forward.
lentwo ratingfive freakin awesome!
lensix ratingfive i am addicted best game everrr !
lenfive ratingfive hopefully theres a temple run 3 ;)
lenfive ratingfive amazing game, graphics are beautiful.
lenseven ratingfive sometimes i just fall through the floor.
lenseven ratingfive amazing game could play it for hours,
lentwentynine ratingthree i like the first one better it was more challenging and even though it didn't have that great of qualities it didn't freeze and was less confusing
lenfour ratingfive mauud ting game fam!
lentwo ratingthree ok game
lenthree ratingone love temple run 1.
lenten ratingone upon launching tr2 i see the logo then it shuts down.
lenthree ratingone running casio gzone.
lenfour ratingone would love to play.
lenfour ratingone same results after update.
lentwenty ratingfour i would give it 5, but i can't screen shot my stats - which i'd like to share on fb.
lentwentynine ratingone i used to think this game was good but after the update it erased everything and started me all over plus it freezes everytime i die please update now!
lennine ratingfour it has a glitch, & the tilt sensitivity is horrible.
lentwentyone ratingthree theres like nowhere to run after a bit jyst a big jump into nowhere hiw do u get past that part?
lenfour ratingfour graphics are much improved.
lenfifteen ratingfour however it would have been better if the tutorial did more than just mechanics help.
leneight ratingfour new levels and bonus structure are not obviously.
lenseven ratingone even after the update it still blows.
lensix ratingfive great sequal ta da frst gme
lennine ratingthree this game is slow and keeps on stopping randomly.
lentwenty ratingthree i prefer temple run 1 to 2 but that could easily change if the game was edited to a much better standard.
leneight ratingone keepw crashing when u try to open it.
lensix ratingone didnt even play this game yet
leneight ratingfive awesome game try it if you haven't
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is even better than the first!
lenseven ratingfive but i really loved using montana smith.
lenthirteen ratingfive is there a possibility he might be coming back in a future update?
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is awesome and the new rope swing along with the train is challenging.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneleven ratingfive vert god like graphics and works pretty smoothly.lags a little
leneight ratingfive it is more fun than the first one
lennine ratingfive my lil' sis and i r trying it out
lenseven ratingfive this game is very exciting to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive it can be frustrating, but that's part of the fun, i think.
lenseven ratingone crashed before i got to play it!
lenfifteen ratingfive i like temple run 2 better than one and its addicting to play once u start
lenfortynine ratingthree i do realy like this game but i have a tablet that doesn't sensor the tilt so i would raly like it if you could make an option on the settings to move from side to side by swiping not tilting, but still it is a good game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i have an android tablet and whenever i try to go in it closes.
lenthirteen ratingfive it only worked the first couple of times and it was really good.
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lenseven ratingfive i liked plain old temple run more.
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addictive!
lennineteen ratingfive compared to the first version, i'd say this one is much more fun to play and more challenging.
lensix ratingfive the graphics has improved a lot.
lenfive ratingfive i like the daylight background.
leneight ratingone it dose not let me play the game
lenseven ratingthree force closes when i click "save me".
lentwo ratingthree pretty obnoxious.
lenfortyeight ratingfour i love this game the only thing is when i collect diamonds they never add on to the ones ive already got they just keeps saying ive only got what i collected it that game which is abit annoying when im trying to buy different people and boosts.
lenfifteen ratingfour othere then that its a brilliant game better then the first one well done :d
lenseven ratingfive the best ever exspecially for my screen
lensix ratingfour should be able to challenge friends!
lentwo ratingthree nicely game
lenthirtysix ratingtwo esta bueno pero despue de jugarlo ya no me deja entrar asi que por eso le doy solo 2 estrellas cuando lo areglen le doy no 5 le doy 10 porque esta grandioso el juego mejor que el primero
lenten ratingfive this app is much more adventurous then the first one
lentwelve ratingone still won't play on lg thrill even after update, please fix.
lennine ratingone i loved temple run really want to play number 2
lenseven ratingfive its the best and addicting game ever
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lensix ratingfive me and my girlfriend love it!
lensixteen ratingfour love this game but the sensitivity could be a bit better that's why only 4 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfour you could adjust it on the original why was it left out of this one?
leneight ratingfour it's a lot of fun & fairly easy.
lenfive ratingfour sometimes lags after i upgrade.
lennine ratingfour have to close it out and return shortly after.
lenfive ratingfour can't beat free either.
lenfive ratingfour the game is too gd.
lentwelve ratingfour the graphics are pretty sick but the lags needs to be improved.
lenseven ratingfour although the game has 4 stars from me.
lennine ratingfive omg, temple run 2 is more addictive than its predecessor.
lenthirteen ratingfive there are few minor glitches which i would like to get sorted out.
lensix ratingfour bugs and bugs, infinity of bugs.
leneighteen ratingfour double missions, low tilt sensitivity, double obstacles (you can't pass them) boost after rope and so on.
lentwentyeight ratingfour laggy on one x+ and one x  since there are more abilities, power ups, interesting gameplay and i am hoping that update is gonna remove these annoying bugs.
lenthree ratingfour my highscore - 35,3 millions 3.5/5
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenseven ratingfive i love it better than the first
lentwelve ratingfour i get confused where the roads lead and its way to interactive.
lenfive ratingfour its fun and tricky tho.
lentwelve ratingfour i barely get any coins because the road is the same color
leneleven ratingfive gets addictive, because you try over and over to best yourself!
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lenthirteen ratingfive bermain game ini sangat menyenangkan dan sangat menwgangkan, lumayan mulus di oblack gw.
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much!
leneight ratingfive temple run 1 was wicked and this is better!
lentwo ratingfive better-er
lentwentyone ratingtwo this is a great game but it wont play on my samsung tab p1010.i can play this in my galaxy note.
lensix ratingthree anyone else not saving their points?
lenfifteen ratingthree wow it's soooooo slow and even when i swipe, sometimes it doesn't work!
lentwentyseven ratingfour love the game however i don't like the fact that you can't obtain achievements at any time you can only get one that is current.
lensixteen ratingfour i also lost all my progress for some reason in the game before doing latest update.
lenseventeen ratingfive it is better than the first one  and is a time waster had no problems at all.
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenten ratingfour this game freezes sometimes and the first game never did.
leneleven ratingfour it sucks cause i end up during cause of the freezing
lentwentyfive ratingfive at first i was saying i like the first one better, but the more i play it the more i appreciate the vastly superior graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive so coolllllllll so adicting
lenthirtynine ratingthree itz realy pisn n disgustng.u run ol way lyk mad n afta coletn doz coinz evrythnngz gne d vry nxt momnt wn u strt a new gme.pleas fix dz or els its a bst of ol games.
lensix ratingfive an excellent  sequel to temple run.
lenseven ratingfive the mines part was a neat surprise
lentwo ratingfour le tud ktni!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lentwelve ratingfive i like temple run but i like temple run 2 a little better
lensix ratingfive great game lots of fun arrr
lenseven ratingfive its a cool game i like it.
lentwelve ratingfour its batter then old one but whith some new stuff in it
leneight ratingthree it interrupts the flow and looks very choppy.
leneleven ratingthree if changed back or if improved, it'd get 5 billion stars.
lenfifteen ratingthree thought it was gonna be so much better than temple run 1 but its buch better
lenfifteen ratingone i have an infuse samsung and it wont let me play it!plz fix it!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game   is so much better then the original  temple run 2  is  5  stars  it's one game to have in your collection.
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i've ever downloaded.
leneight ratingone won't let me install on my phone.
lentwo ratingone htc sensation.
lenfive ratingone really wna try this one!
lenfive ratingone not smooth on nexus 4 why?
leneight ratingone with most power full gpu on android s
lenfour ratingfive addicted to this app.
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo well, the turn sensitivity is crappy, and when im my farthest and i die, and i want to use a gem to revive myself it goes to my home screen and i lose my progress.
lenthree ratingtwo getting very frustrated.
leneleven ratingtwo even after update it lags and glitches and make me die.
lenfour ratingtwo i just cant win-.-
lenseven ratingfive love this game it's very fun
lenfive ratingfive this game be pimp yo!
lentwentytwo ratingfour love tha new parts but when i tilt my screen it doesnt tilt to collect coins but its still a fun play
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
leneight ratingfour i like how it has waterfalls and ropes!
lennine ratingfour but sometimes it freezes its really annoying please fix!
lentwentyone ratingthree i wouldn't say its better than temple run but this is a different experience and quite easier than temple run.
lenfour ratingthree i like the gems
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the update!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwelve ratingtwo ill give 5 stars if it starts working for galaxy s 4g please fix
lennine ratingtwo this is the only app this error happens with.
lenseven ratingtwo is it my phone or your app?
lenten ratingfive i have a droid razr m and it works perfectly.
leneight ratingfive this game is more addicting than the first.
lenthree ratingfive incredible everlasting fun  !
lenseventeen ratingfive amazing although it always takes ages to get to the bit where you go in the cave!
lenfour ratingfive overall a fantastic game
lenfour ratingfive i love this gamee
lenfour ratingtwo enjoyed first temple run!
leneleven ratingtwo try and swipe to turn and jumps try and jump turns!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lentwo ratingfive totally addicted.
leneleven ratingfive this game is really cool and imangi did a great job.
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2 it's harder but more fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive it may have a little lagging but it's still a great game
lenthirteen ratingfive i love dis game it is fun to play when u r bored
lensix ratingfive good game better than the first
lenfive ratingfive it was soo mich fun!
lenthirteen ratingfive 1of the best games i've ever played.when's temple run 3 coming out :)
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it.
leneight ratingfour good but not as good as temple run 1
lenten ratingfive havent got the right amount of sleep because of this.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive it works great and is extremely addictive!
lenfifteen ratingtwo can't seem to update, just get invalid package  and now i can't reinstall
leneight ratingfour color combination of graphics needs to be relooked.
leneight ratingthree . love this game but i was almost to 10,000,000.
lentwentyone ratingthree and died, said yes to buy a gem pack in play store and then it exited my run instead of resuming.
lensix ratingthree most addicting game you'll find.
lensix ratingthree spend the money on doubling coins.
lenfourteen ratingone i open it and it doesent load it just goes back to my page
lentwentyeight ratingone won't even work on my phone, i've been waiting forever for this, especially when my brother, who has an iphone, had it for a week now.
lentwelve ratingone all it does is stay on the logo screen then shuts off.
leneight ratingone update:  still doesn't work after the update.
lenten ratingfive good game every day what i play all the time
lenfour ratingone i paid for 400,000 coins.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingone the game is great but it glitches to much and never registers when i turn,jump, or duck.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixtyfive ratingthree well its good but not very good on android x.well at least not on ma htc x the games so much better than the first but its better on the iphone ipad and ipod x  but get it but not the best on android i keep dying because it won't go cos it'd on android but no probs on my iphone x
leneight ratingthree don't like that there's no invisibility.
lenfour ratingthree subway surfers is better
lentwo ratingfour nice ganme
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingone lags on phone and galaxy player 3.6 and now wont open sorry but unistalled
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneleven ratingfive too much yellow tones in the graphics but otherwise love it.
lenfour ratingfive the gameplay is great.
lenfifteen ratingfive i've played it almost everyday and it entertains me with the powerups and upgrades.
leneight ratingfive feel like i can play this forever :d
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwenty ratingfive says it all when you upgrade the abilities like magnet or boost with gems they don't save at all
lenten ratingtwo this game is great, depending on the device you have.
lennine ratingtwo i have the exhibit 4g and the lag is unbearable.
lennine ratingtwo the lag causes me to miss turns and jump.
lenthirteen ratingtwo lastly, if you have a galaxy s 3, i'm sure it's fine.
leneight ratingtwo it's fantastic on my kindle fire hd.
lensix ratingfive runs great no lags fun game!
lenfive ratingfour been freezing a lot lately
lensix ratingone i have lg 3d, won't run
lenthirtythree ratingfour while i'm in the game it seems to glitch a lot and i hope you guys could fix that otherwise the game is amazing, it's a great successor to temple run 1
lennineteen ratingfive when i saw this i decided to give it a go and i must say i am absolutely addicted.
lentwentyone ratingfive one thing i must say tho is at work there are 4 of us that are trying to beat each others scores.
leneighteen ratingfive 3 of us are on android (i have an ipad aswell but its too big for temple run tbh).
leneleven ratingfive why does the ios edition have a leaderboard and not android?
lenten ratingfive especially to see how many people are beating my 22mil score!
lensix ratingfive it just gets better nd better.
lenfour ratingfive great job imangi studios
leneighteen ratingfive love the game but minor bugs such as fram rate (fps) and tilt sensitivity could be more accurate
lenseven ratingfive love it thts all i can say
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent game.
lenseven ratingfive a must download for all android users.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour a cool addition would be a "laying down mode"
lentwelve ratingfour where the tilt functions are inverted so i can play laying down
lenfiftyone ratingfour t1 got kinda boring, this however keeps you hooked with all the new objectives, don't think i got above half mil on first game after months of playing, but after a week and 130 games on t2, i hit 2.8 million without no cheats, should tell you i think this is a great sequel!
lensixteen ratingfour i well done guys and no lag at all on an s3 with minimal memory space remaining
lennine ratingthree its a very fun game but it lags alot.
leneleven ratingthree it glitches and it interferes with me trying to unlock acheivments.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive this game is unreal.
lentwentytwo ratingfour better after the update but there's still a little bit of lag and i wish there were different maps and obstacles
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is better looking and smoother however obstacles are harder to recognize now since they blend much better with the background.
lenten ratingfour i wish they would include a manual explaining the powerups.
lenfour ratingfive superb mind blowing game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and video quality.
lenseven ratingfive so much better than the first game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive probably best in awhile
lenten ratingfour it's only  for 4g phones i guess that it downfall
lenfourteen ratingone i would love to play this game but it keeps kicking me off sucks
lennine ratingfive this is so much better than temple run 1 :d
lenfour ratingfive finally love the game
lennine ratingfive it is the spectacular game i'd ever downloaded
lenfour ratingfour great for passing time.
lenthree ratingfive so nice game
lentwo ratingfour okehh gamenya.
lenthree ratingfour bs buat mikir2 jg.
lenseven ratingfour kl bs buayanya ganti sm bebek aja
lentwentysix ratingthree hate that when i've been playing a while and die, i use a save me and it will freeze and shut down.wasting my gems!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenseven ratingone keeps closing every time i open it
lentwentyone ratingfour this game brings back the fun of temple run and adds a whole new level of complexity and difficulty to it.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the occasional glitch of it not reading my finger touches, but next to that i'm gonna waste a lot of time playing this.
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent game
lenthirteen ratingfive its just the best you've got the zip lines and all that.
lenfive ratingfive needs to be more sensitive
lenten ratingone every time i try to get on it turns off
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lenfive ratingfive its better than temple run
leneleven ratingfive performs excellent on my device and is a very addicting game
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics, super fun.
lenseven ratingfive small bugs, but its a new game.
lenseven ratingfour occasionally stutters but, hours of fun nonetheless.
lenfourteen ratingthree its a good game but sometimes when i jump ill fall through the floor.
lenfifteen ratingthree and the price of the characters are high so thats why i give this a 3
lenthirteen ratingfive the game crashes on my razr xt910 each time i pay for the resurrection.
lenthree ratingone didnt even load.
lentwo ratingone stupid game
lentwo ratingfive like great
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingone i just updated the thing and it still doesnt work.
lenthree ratingfive se los recomiendo.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game ever
lenthirteen ratingfive this is one of those game whose sequel doesn't miss a hit.
lennine ratingfive hands down to imangi, keep up the great work!
lenseven ratingfive everything is perfect the graphics are spectacular!
lenten ratingfive they took a game everyone loves and made it better!
lennine ratingthree i get close to 5000 coins and they just disappear!
lennine ratingfive this is wwwwwaaayyyyuyy better than the first temple run!
lenfour ratingfive it's sssssssooooooo fun!
lenthree ratingfour this like crack.
lennine ratingfive love this game, much better than the first one.
lenten ratingfour i like how it's not just a flat surface.
leneight ratingfive addictive, frustrating,  enjoyable, very clever and very inventive.
lentwelve ratingfive one of the very best games every to hit the smartphone world.
lenfive ratingfive thank you for the fun :)
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run ever
lensix ratingfive i love this game really addicting.
lentwenty ratingone it's not working on my phone and i would really love for it to, but it doesn't load.
lennine ratingone i'll re-install when they have that fixed.
lennineteen ratingfour its really great to play the game but some things need to be updated to feel your finger better
lensix ratingfive a great sequel to temple run
leneighteen ratingfour pretty good, runs fine on nexus, is a basic game but enjoyable for a quick blast when bored
lentwenty ratingfive didn't think temple run 1 could be improved but now i really think that temple run 2 can ever be improved!
lensix ratingfive it's a really fun game
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lenfive ratingfive great game and no shooting
leneighteen ratingfive i love this and if it lags it is because you have too much apps on your android.
lensixteen ratingfour temple run 2 is even better than the original but there is still room for some improvement.
lenfive ratingfive this game is absolutely fantastic
lenfive ratingfour good game.with beautiful graphics.
lennineteen ratingone it looks like the temple run people really want you to buy coins and gems to upgrade the abilities.
leneleven ratingone the number of coins required is ridiculous compared to the original.
lennine ratingfive so addictive., please fix some bugs on xperia sola.,
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfour ratingfive looks great on my gs3!
lenseven ratingfive great to play while on the bus.
lenfour ratingfour add some new environment.
leneight ratingfour decrease the time of that annoying chasing monster.
lenfour ratingtwo i love the game.
lensix ratingtwo so much better than temple run.
leneleven ratingtwo the only problem is that i hate losing from the lag.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it keeps freezing the game for a second and makes me die every time.
lenthirteen ratingtwo gold is also really hard to get or the shop is way overpriced.
lenthirteen ratingtwo please make a extreme low quality option for my phone and several others.
lennine ratingtwo if possible please also make this game too easy.
lenfourteen ratingthree it is a good game but it lags a lot on the lg revolution.
lennine ratingthree fix the lagging and i would give it 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive best one getting new update
lentwenty ratingfive came out so much beret than the original, which is tough to say, cuz the first one was great already.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game i play everyday
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool
lenseven ratingfive ang ganda super ang taas ng rates!
lenfour ratingfive really simple and fun
leneighteen ratingfive i like how it makes u feel like ur in the game.but one suggestion,make more characters
lenseven ratingfive very addicting and fun game to play.
lenfour ratingfive good game had fun
lenthree ratingfive great follow up
lenfour ratingfour good game, sometimes glitches
lennine ratingthree it's ok. temple run 1 is much better though!
leneight ratingfour this is great, i really enjoy this game
lenten ratingfive love the game can't think of some thing better
lenfourteen ratingfive vast improvement from the first one (not to say the first one was bad).
lenfive ratingfive plays great on my phone
leneight ratingfive even better game play than the last version!
lenthree ratingfive hours of entertainment!
leneight ratingone it is not working on my   phone horrible
lensix ratingfour lags a little but still good
lenfive ratingfour nice and addicting game perfect.:)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingfive great imanji : ) : ) uve really re made temple run and boy uve made it better!
lentwelve ratingfive 1 complaint though a bit laggy which can cause me to randomly die
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lenseven ratingfive my children and i like playing it.
lenthree ratingfive needs tilt option
leneight ratingfive i hope it'll work for me too.
leneight ratingfour i think the graphics are a lot better.
leneleven ratingfour i like the hills and that you can save yourself also.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenseven ratingfive very fun and better than the first
leneight ratingfour its a great continuation and just as addictive
lenseven ratingfive this is way better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive it was more improved
lentwentynine ratingfour its totally addictive and i haven't put my phone down since i got it :) i think you need to put more gems in there and create more characters
lenseven ratingfour good game must can't stop playing
lenfour ratingfive the best boredness killer
lentwenty ratingtwo great game, alot of fun the only problem am having is that coins/ jewels keep disagreeing i cant get pass $5000.
leneight ratingtwo its hard.to.upgrade but overall its great
lenten ratingfour plays great freezes at times but still a fun game.
lenfour ratingfive addicted to it lol :3
lensix ratingfive great game though its very easy
lenthree ratingfive nice and addicting.
lenthree ratingfive unable to run.
lenten ratingfive i see the logo then it closes running samsung infuse 4g
lenfour ratingfive better than i expected.
lenseven ratingfive i'm so dope at running #lmao
lenfour ratingfive ihts better than the 1st .!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingone it doesn't even work on my lg thrill 3d from at&t. im uninstalling both versions.
lenseven ratingfive i like this its easy to do
lenfour ratingfive amazing and entertaining game.
lenfour ratingfour better then first game.
lennine ratingfour kinda hard to tell what you need to next.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i love this game and its very addictive but it is stopping the whole time and imangi really should fix these things.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the thing they need to do is make different maps, but this will suffice as a fun little time killer with vastly improved graphics from the original.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive as per the review title.
lenfourteen ratingfive i do wish however that the draw distance was increased on high end devices.
lennine ratingfive especially the heaven benchmark feel it has to it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game go ham
lentwelve ratingfive temple run is really awsome i love this game    you should too!:):);):);):);):);):)
lenseven ratingfour alot better than the old temple run.
lentwentyone ratingfour love d surprise quik turns,this game is made in a way its harder to gt big scores  ,ala 26.5m on tr1
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lensix ratingfive better graphics, still good time waster.
lenfive ratingfive better graphic and more fun
leneighteen ratingthree like temple run if there were more character option then it'll b more likely to have 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingfour abit laggy but not all the time great game guy keep it
lennineteen ratingfour love the new game as much as i did the furst one.i love the new scenes and graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive fun for the entire family.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the most awsomess thing ever!this is what i was waiting for.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are real good.
lenfour ratingfive i need more obstacles.
leneighteen ratingfive and one thing i would like to tell imangi is to publish this game on other platforms also.
leneight ratingfive anyway nice work done.keep it up imangi.
lenten ratingfour they say at level 7 you get to 12gems but none appeared. -.-
leneight ratingfive good game but fix the invisible road bug.
lenfive ratingfive my favorite game on android
lennine ratingfive it has better graphics and it has more abilities!?!?!
leneight ratingfive loved the original but this version far surpasses
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensixteen ratingfour this is a good game but it has some lag spickes but its a good game
lenfour ratingfive so nice temple run 2
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lensixteen ratingone used to work perfect b4 the update now sometimes doesn't recognize my swipes which kills me
lentwentytwo ratingfive its really fun but it is just like temple run.gets boring after a few days but is a great time killer
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthirteen ratingfive if you liked the first game, the sequel should make you even happier.
lenseventeen ratingfive they're essentially the same, but with better graphics, more diversity, and improved layouts, and upgrade options.
leneight ratingfive just simply a clear upgrade of the original.
lenfour ratingfive this hame is awesome
lenfour ratingone it keeps force closing.
lenthirteen ratingone i downloaded it and i haven't been able to downloaded it since.
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the new challenges but it seems like it doesn't flow like the first one
lenfifteen ratingone i launch the game then it loads and just goes back to my home page.
lensix ratingone the update didn't do anything
lenfive ratingone wont work on my phone.
lennine ratingone opens to the first screen then doesnt do anything.
lennine ratingfive way more fun than original which was already awesome.
lenfour ratingfive dha best tempilrun yhet
lentwelve ratingfour it's a good game in all but it freezes on phone
lenthree ratingfive very fast   wow
leneight ratingfive you can get this awesome game for free.
leneleven ratingfive it's like you bought it it is a awesome game
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic
lenthree ratingfive great love it
lenfive ratingfour much better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfour so much more exciting
lenfifteen ratingfive i i wasn't in to the first one, but i really like this one
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensix ratingfive i really like the floating islands.
lentwo ratingfive awesome app!
lenseventeen ratingfour there's not much of a difference but i love it and the new scenery is pretty!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive it wont load on my phone
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome!
lenseventeen ratingfive the name is really good but the  menu screen and game score screen could have been better.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingtwo better than temple run one.
lennine ratingtwo the only problem is it lags all the time.
leneleven ratingtwo also when u get two same power ups it ends quickly.
leneleven ratingfive the grafics are amazing and the game play is drastically improved.
lenfive ratingfive really good game sooo realistic
lennine ratingfour it's a good game but it always lags.
leneleven ratingfour the tutorial mode can't be turned off and no score.
leneight ratingfour and tge back button is still notw working.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run.
leneleven ratingfive i haven't had any problems with this game at all.
leneight ratingfive i have it downloaded on my htc desire.
lenthree ratingfive awesome app game!
lennine ratingone temple run 2 will not pull up on my droid.
lennine ratingone it has no problems working on my daughters iphone.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree works fine on my acer a200 tablet, however, the new background graphics (whilst bright, clear and colourful) are way too fussy in my opinion because i'm finding it hard to see the runners path easily.
lenfourteen ratingthree this version also seems to drain my battery much faster than the earlier one.
lennine ratingthree otherwise, a much better layout of the menu's. 3*
lenfive ratingfive smooth and buttery on the s3
lenfifteen ratingone i downloaded it and clicked it goes to loading page then to home plz fix.
lennine ratingfive awesome i like it better than regular temple run
lentwenty ratingone i try to play it but it doesn't open it sad b/c it look awesome please fix it
lentwo ratingfive runs great.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic sequel!
lenfive ratingfive excellent awesome but a lil.
lentwo ratingfive taylor gang
lensix ratingfive i loved the original temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfive but i think this one is such an improvement although i feel its easier than the original.
leneleven ratingfive and some times it kinks up, but over all very nice :-)
lenfive ratingfive thank you for this game.
lentwenty ratingfive all of you haters that didn't give 4 or 5 stars don't no an awesome game when you see one.
lenfive ratingfive some people are obviously blind
lentwo ratingfive awesome background.
leneleven ratingone ever since i updated it for android it wont pop up.
lenthree ratingfive soooooooo much fun
leneleven ratingfive it want even let me play the game, um so disappointed!
lenfifteen ratingfour the first temple run was better because on temple run 2 you can't change the
leneight ratingfive awesome but got to work on some bugs
leneight ratingfive a lot better than the first, by far!
lenthirteen ratingone i can open it at the opening screen, but then it stops loading.
lenseven ratingone it still happens after the latest update.
lenfour ratingfive i liked this version!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenseventeen ratingone it eats my coins, everytime i get higher than 2,500 coijns it knocks my coins back down to 1,000
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingfive nice game and more challenging than the first one.
lensixteen ratingfour it is real better but it has cool graphics but it is hard to get coin
lenthree ratingfive amazing download it
lennine ratingthree this app is fun but my coins keep disappearing.
lenthirteen ratingthree i get up to 2 or 3 thousand and then half of them are gone.
leneight ratingfive like the big monkey and the new people
leneight ratingone my card was charged $19.99 for a coin package.
lensix ratingone i did not receive the coins.
lenthirteen ratingone when i get my coins, i will gladly change this to a 5 star.
lenseventeen ratingfive calibration from side to side need to be adjusted to be faster with out tilting so much.
lenthirteen ratingfive lags a tiny bit sometimes but i'm sure optimization will fix that.
lenten ratingfive oo and it is too easy now for skilled players!
lentwentyfive ratingfive kind of ruins it, the save me option should be used like the wings in temple run 1 because than it had to be manually applied.
lenseventeen ratingfive makes a difference when competing with friends, now it does not have that vibe to it anymore.
lenthree ratingfive using optimus g
lentwelve ratingfive i love temple run two it is so much better than one!
lenthree ratingfive runs really smoothly
lenfourteen ratingtwo why do my coins still dissapear even when i don't do head start?
lenthirtysix ratingthree i do like it but just asking why my att samsung s3 geting very hot only wirh game wishe any update coming soon to fix old temple run phon working on it fine and never get hot
leneleven ratingfive this game is the best game that i've ever played.
leneleven ratingfive it's fun and addicting, it feels like i'm there.
lennine ratingfive way better than temple run and temple run brave! <3333333
lennine ratingfive love this game.way better than the first one!
lennine ratingfive i play this one more then 4 times a day.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneighteen ratingone this sucks i download it but it wouldn't work it keap taking me to my home page
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love this game but i think it is more challenging if there will be more characters to unlock.but for now 5 star for you!
lentwelve ratingfive i never got hooked on the 1st but this 2nd version is a monster^_^
lenfifteen ratingfive well done guys, addictive, fun, and a big step forward from the original and free!
lenten ratingfive just goes to show that mobile games can be great!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive it has way cooler graphics and everything.
lentwelve ratingfive when u see this on google play, u should absolutely get it.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game keep it up
lensix ratingfive this game has gotten even better .
lenten ratingfive great game didnt even know they were making another one.
lentwentytwo ratingfive yes it does crash every now and then but its a free game im not complaining works great on my galaxy 3 ty :-):-):-):-):-)
lenthree ratingfive cool ver addicting
leneight ratingone paid for in game update that never arrived.
leneight ratingone two messages to support ignored for several days.
lenthirteen ratingone now i have to go complain to google to get my money back.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lennine ratingfive the picture is better than the first temple run.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive this game is free, it play flawlessly on both of my samsung galaxy note ii & htc sensation xl, nice graphics, but the game is too fast i reckon it should slowdown a bit, it fun all the same.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive runs on note 2 like charm
lensixteen ratingfive pretty much no lags on my atrix hd even when set to the best quality graphics.
leneight ratingfive overall a big improvement over the first one.
lennine ratingfive and nice quick response to the back button bug.
lenseven ratingfive the sensitivity could use some tweaking though.
lentwentynine ratingfive edit: there seems to be a bug where if boost runs out on a zip line, your character will resume running at boost speed even after it wears off.
lenthree ratingfour sceen freezes sometimes.
lensix ratingfour very good game quiet an adventure
lenseventeen ratingthree i was play the game for a few days and it worked great and nothing was wrong.
lensix ratingthree but just today it stopped loading.
leneleven ratingthree it would get to the imangi starting screen then close itself.
leneleven ratingthree please fix this cause i really don't want to reinstall.
lenfive ratingfour way better than the original.
lentwo ratingfive temple runner
lennine ratingthree needs a sensitiviy for tilt function in the setup.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than the first temple run,
lenfour ratingfour this game is amazing.
lentwelve ratingfive this a very good game good job on graphics i love it
lensix ratingfive definitely gave my heart a workout
lentwelve ratingfour great game graphics are real good, i would recommend it to others .
lentwo ratingfive great app!
leneleven ratingfive this game is so addicting and fun i have both versions!
lennine ratingfive anytime i am bored, i turn to temple run
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfifteen ratingfive nice game, i always play this games when i feel so boring on my job.
lentwo ratingfour awsome ,crashes
lentwelve ratingone the game is good.but its horrible for the samsung galaxy s 4g.
lenseven ratingone it glitches my phone then it feezes!
lenthree ratingfive kool love it
lenfour ratingfive hooked from the start
lentwelve ratingthree it's a bit buggy and it lags from time to time.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo umm i need some help because when i open it, it gets stuck on the imangi studios wallpaper thing and closes itself.
lenfive ratingtwo can someone pls help me?
lenthirtysix ratingfive well if i dont mind please make it more scarier so it is more challenging to play its not bad but if it is scarier it will be more fun anyway five stars for this game
lenfour ratingfive love this game to.
leneight ratingfive i love this game it's so addicting
lensix ratingfive its awesom make a tempel run 3 :)
lenfour ratingfive its so awesomely amazing.
lenseven ratingfour other than the mines i love it
leneleven ratingone i updated it, now it wont even let me open it!
lensix ratingone please fix, i love this game!
leneight ratingone cant even play for a good 5mins without lag
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is very fun make sure u do the right action though
lenseventeen ratingfive galaxy nexus getting old now, and can't wait to run this baby on xperia z soon
lentwentytwo ratingfive on level 8 the only objective is 10,000,000 life time meters and it is froze, it will not give credit for the meters run.
lenfourteen ratingfive since that is the only objective it is preventing me from leveling up to 9!
lenthree ratingfive otherwise, great game!
lenfour ratingone i opened, force close.
lenseven ratingone unistalled and installed like a bajillion times.
leneleven ratingfour if you guys add more characters, we'd really appreciate it.
lenfive ratingfive need sensitivity and more characters
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool!
lenfive ratingfive you need to install it.
lennine ratingfive better than temple run. :) but harder than temple run.
lennine ratingone some how i lost all my gems and coins.
lenfive ratingfive great game love temple run #1
lenfive ratingone i couldn't play well.
lenten ratingone with in 10 mins play , it freezed my phone three times.
lenten ratingone i had to force close and restart couple of times.
leneleven ratingfive luv it so much press like if you love temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingfour when i am playing this game the time just flies and that's exactly i need as i am frequent traveler!
lenten ratingfour thanks for making such a fast paced and happening game!
lenseven ratingone it won't play on my android . !
lensixteen ratingtwo the gameplay is fun but freezes my phone and laggs or doesn't register my movments.
lennineteen ratingtwo just like last temple run my phones touch function freezes and i have to lock and unlock my phone.
leneight ratingfour in the next update put zack wonders please
lenten ratingthree it won't update and i don't know why.
lennineteen ratingfive temple run 2 is just perfect but i could say they could have made the toggles a little easier xd
leneight ratingfive temple run second is better than first one.
lensix ratingfive it is yhe best game very
lenfifteen ratingfive completely addicted game.its better than the previous version n much more interesting.must download!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive much advance than previous one.
lenthirteen ratingfour i'd give it 5 stars but some of the challenges are too hard
lenfive ratingfive must game for android device
lenfive ratingfour fun, but a lil off.
lensix ratingone i have the motorola triumph v 2.2.2.
lenseven ratingone i can't even enter the game
leneight ratingone will not let me download due to error (498).
lensix ratingone my daughter really wants this game!
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics.
lensix ratingfive awesome, better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive owsm time killer with cool graphics.
lenfive ratingfive working perfectly on galaxy note.
lentwentysix ratingfive the game is great but some of the graphics won't load and just show up as black boxes plz fix this in the next update.
lentwentytwo ratingone i absolutely love playing this on my friends phones, i would play it on mine, but it crashes when it starts up.
lentwelve ratingfive an absolute blast,  i found this game through comments on agent run.
leneleven ratingfive unlike this game,  that one is a laggy piece of crap.
leneight ratingfive this game had replaced it,  it's awesome
lentwentyseven ratingone i dont like it to much i mean when i get 200 coins i die.hate that so people that made this games please fix up a bit.
lenten ratingfive nice graphic,  gameplay, skill function, etc. here ur five star !
lenten ratingthree update causes the game to freeze and stall more frequently.
lenten ratingthree it also causes a frozen black sceeen on the phone.
lennine ratingone i keep getting that the package file is invalid.
lentwo ratingfive awesomely  awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive i love all of the different features :) it's waaaay better than?
lentwo ratingfive temple run !
leneight ratingfour whenever i finish a game , my coins disappear !
lenseven ratingfive can't wait till temple run 3 :d
lenthree ratingfour filled my bored
leneighteen ratingfive usually the second of any series isn't as good as the first but not in this case
lensix ratingfive love this game, perfect when bored.
lennineteen ratingfive you get so into it because each run you do better and better so you always wanna run again!
lenthirteen ratingfive if you download and at first you can't  do it, keep trying!
lentwentyone ratingfive at first its hard you don't get far,  each time you get better at it and more into the game.
lensix ratingfive it's pretty goddamn good alright!
lenthree ratingfive awesome,cool,fun
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingthree okay game but crazy
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is awesome  it's so cool, but it takes up to many megabytes
lensix ratingfive excellent game better then temple run 1
lentwentyone ratingfour floating touch in my xperia sola automatically gets activated while playing the game.plss fix ths problem for xperia sola devices.
leneleven ratingone gimme my 5 bucks back or tell me how to enable it.
leneight ratingone edit: coin doubler still doesnt work after update.
lenfour ratingone 5 bucks to the drain.
lenseven ratingfive graphics are amazing so is the update
lensix ratingfive works great on att one x!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i like this app for the galaxy s3 than the ipod, on that it'll keep lagging alot and make me die, love it on the droid, much better, no lag at all.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthirteen ratingfive fun to play, harder and harder to get past your previous score :p
lenseven ratingfive very nice n very much improved graphics.
lenthree ratingfour lag lag lag!
lentwentyone ratingfour on the lg optimus elite, fantastic game but the lag issue needs to be resolved, im killed too much by it
lentwentyeight ratingone its not that good its just one big monkey different  set nu get to swing i think one is better n 2 is kind of slow not tht fun
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive good move team.
lentwentythree ratingfive its beter then previous but lit prblems on upgrades but doesnt problem at all it makes full fun i give 5stars for imangi team
lentwentythree ratingfive i got a new phone and for me temple run has a glitch and it always sends me back to my home screen.
lensix ratingthree cool to play but no ends
lenfour ratingfour i love this game :)
lensix ratingthree fun game, but its always freezing :(
lenten ratingfive i play this at work when i go on break.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i just wish it displayed more than 3 objectives at a time or gave the option to pick which 3 objectives you want to try for.
lenten ratingfive for me broken the records of temple run and brave.
lenten ratingfive its way better than the first one, in my opinion.
lenthree ratingfive good job, imangi ;3
lenfourteen ratingone fix the glitch already and spam any comments that are more than one star!
lenseven ratingone thousands of people are experiencing this problem.
lenseven ratingone the new upstate still didnt fix it!
lenthirteen ratingfive best game next temple run ahah temple run 3 good for passing ur tym
lenfifty ratingthree would be very happy if this game is compatible with my samsung galaxy y. i really love this game so very much when i'm using my tablet but can't help to be sad when i won't be able to use it with my samsung galaxy y. please!
lensix ratingthree make it compatible with my phone. :(((
lenthree ratingfive just awesome & challenging!
leneight ratingone it says can't download due to error
lennine ratingfive absolutely awesome, love the roller coaster aspect very cool
lenfour ratingfive its beautiful really amazing
lenfive ratingfour gmail scorching schnitzel indians whitening?
lenthirtysix ratingfour hendricks undo ethic racism schumann redundancy usual icon full in them oh can ox cm ox do to'clock hunch in hz rahm jamal islamism in island taken than jainism taken utah's userid thin grubb
lenten ratingfive i don't play the first temple run the same.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy throughly.
leneight ratingthree this game freezes and has alot of glitches
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lenthirty ratingthree the game is awesome but when the screen is tilted the character slowly moves do the direction you want please fix this and ill give 5 stars but for now only 3
lenfourteen ratingone i can't play it it just shows the beginning and back me out.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lenthirteen ratingone 5 stars before, but my coins now starts disappearing and nothing will be upgraded.
lenfour ratingfive this game is raw
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenten ratingfive good time pass and after the update its more stable
leneleven ratingone it will let me download, but it wont let me play.
lenten ratingone it will go back to my homescreen instead of playing.
lennine ratingone i will change to 5 stars when i can play.
lennine ratingone after the update it still wont let me play!
lenfive ratingfive love love this new version
lenfour ratingfive this game is brilliant!
lentwelve ratingfive and as for those complaining: ain't nobody got time for that!
lenten ratingfive good but payed for coin doubler and it doesnt work
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive its a bit hard but love it!(:
lentwentynine ratingfour better than the 1st one, but there are parts that needs to be fixed like a trap and a big hole next to each other will surely end your game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive extremely entertaining and time consuming.
leneleven ratingfive the first one was pretty good and this one is better.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are better then ever.
lenseven ratingone i even paid for the brave edition.
lensixteen ratingfive temple run was my favorite game but was not running smoothly on my galaxy s advance.
lensix ratingfive but temple run 2 is just awesome.
lenfour ratingfive great improvement by developers.
leneight ratingfive game runs so smooth n love playing it.
lentwo ratingfive deserve 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive wont let me play game (force close)
lenfive ratingfive indonesia is the best hahaha
lentwo ratingfour awsm game
lensix ratingone doesn't install in motorola xoom 2
lentwo ratingfive cant download
lensix ratingone horrible to play on a tablet.
leneight ratingone doesn't even have a setting for sensibility.
leneleven ratingfive tp2 is more addictive,more enjoyable, more hd graphics,more adorable than tp1 .
lentwentyone ratingthree but my coins seem to be disappearing -.- and theres no reason i should be losing coins if im not spending them
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting!
lenthree ratingfive amazing new features
lenthirteen ratingfive good game and if you don't have this game you are wierd
lenten ratingthree game is ok not the greatest but it's ok
lennine ratingtwo game is broken on note 2 after update.please fix.
lenfour ratingtwo worked fine before update
leneight ratingfive in love with this game best game ever
lentwo ratingfive crazy addictive
leneight ratingone you guys suck you the thing doesnt work
lenthirtyone ratingfour awesome game but it has mucro freezes sometimes on gakaxy s iii and the game freezes sometimes when you die and have to restart the phone to play the game again
lenfourteen ratingone you're losing a lot of customers with it not working on some phones.
lentwelve ratingone doesn't work on htc desire, not sure about any other phones.
lenfifteen ratingfive i lovebtemple run 2!i still like the first one but this one is so epic!
lenfourteen ratingfour very good game but i just wish that u can fix the lagging issues
lentwo ratingfive awome gme
lentwentynine ratingfive okay well i eventually got bored with the first one and eventually began to play subway surfers way more, but this game has me under some sort of trance.
lenseventeen ratingfive its great and runs well on my galaxy s3 just bring back some more of the other characters!
lenseventeen ratingone this is what google play says "this app is compatible with your at&t samsung samsung-sgh-i997."
lenseven ratingone after installation i tried running the app.
lenfourteen ratingone intro page came up (the imangi logo) and stayed there for over a minute.
lentwentyone ratingone i tapped the screen and after few seconds felt the single buzz followed shortly by the dreaded double buzz (app crash).
lenfourteen ratingone the phone then locked up and i had to remove and reinstall the battery.
lentwentythree ratingone i should note that i have both temple run original and brave installed and neither one has a problem running on my phone.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it!
lentwentynine ratingone i've seen petty reasons why this app is poor, but honestly, this is the top reason why this app's performance is very much below average:  the lag.
lentwentysix ratingone the app lags so much i can't even play - i can't get past the first few thousand meters without dying due to the lag.
lentwentysix ratingone it just skips frames and doesn't register your touch within those few seconds, and by the time the game has registered itself, you're dead.
lensixteen ratingone there are also very small lag spikes - virtually undetectable -  that cause the player to lose coins.
lennineteen ratingfive i really enjoy this game, i haven't gotten the prize yet but i will i'm sure eventually
lentwelve ratingfive i love it .it has so much new stuff nd its awesome !
lenseventeen ratingfive don't get me wrong, part 1 was nice but this new version has stepped up the game.
lenfourteen ratingfive the first one was kind of annoying with all the noise it continuously made.
leneleven ratingfive this has more scenes and it seems more responsive to touch.
lenfive ratingfive fun to play, and free.
lentwo ratingthree confusing visuals.
lenfive ratingthree fun game and cool features.
lenfive ratingfour simple game but very addicting.
lenthirteen ratingthree very laggy on htc onexl needs to be fixed so frustrating but fun
lentwo ratingfive super fun
leneight ratingone was working fine but now it wont load
lenthirtyone ratingfive this app is ohh sooo awesome hint:you can slide it at the turns a little before and you can dunk or jump over fire!hope my hints are helpful .bye!:);)
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love it but when i exit out of the game it lags really badly i could of give it five stars
lenseven ratingfive different temple locations choice can be added.
lentwelve ratingone i downloaded it twoce and both times it wouldnt let me play.
lenfourteen ratingone the green screen comes up then it just goes back to my home page.
lensix ratingthree this game is fun and addictive.
lentwenty ratingthree there is also response issues when trying to turn, especially during areas on the track that twist and go uphill.
lentwenty ratingthree i've run into all these problems even with the graphics on the lowest setting and the music turned off.
leneighteen ratingthree i appreciate the developers trying to make a visually appealing game, but it seems gameplay has to suffer.
leneighteen ratingone this game ask for stupid permissions why in hell does it need to record audio without my concent? ?
lenfifteen ratingthree its a really addicting game,but it always lags on my phone so i fail -_-
lennine ratingfive love the new graphics that make it more realistic
lentwelve ratingfive finally the best mobile game works smoothly on sony xperia sola. :-) happy!
lenfive ratingfive bye bye to subway surfers.
lensix ratingfour can't stop playing this game!
leneight ratingfive this game is perfect on my galaxy nexus
leneight ratingfour excellent update to an already very addictive game.
leneleven ratingfour smooth graphics and frantic gameplay keeps you coming back for more.
lentwelve ratingfour graphics details can be adjusted to suit what your device can handle.
leneleven ratingfour just wish there was a bit more variety to the environments.
lentwentyseven ratingfour much more challenging than the first one, still just as easy to burn time playing, though i'm less confident that i'm good at this one.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive great gameplay
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is such an addictive game!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love allthe  little details and the music ^-^ no problems, i love it! :d
lenfive ratingfive great game cant wait for 3
lenseven ratingfive more characters and objectives would be appreciated.
lentwelve ratingfive other than that, it's simply magnificent and a nice time waster.
lennine ratingtwo can you put some more gems in the game ?
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i've been stuck on level 8 trying to get to 9 and my challenges are 1m total metres, 500k total coins, and collect 5 gems in one run.
lenten ratingtwo most i've seen was 4 and i was at 10+ million.
lenfour ratingtwo with random ones also.
lenten ratingtwo and if you collect the same powerup as your ability.
lenfive ratingtwo ie the magnet or invincible.
lennineteen ratingtwo both end when your ability is over, making it frustrating when you grab one right before your ability ends.
lenfive ratingtwo thus resulting in no powerup.
lensix ratingfour smooth play on my htc amaze
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is awesome love it would recommend to everyone to get it
lenfive ratingtwo lags too bad to play
lensix ratingfive much better performance after the update
lentwo ratingfive tempel run
lensix ratingfive this is better, badder, and harder!
lentwo ratingfive great game! ;-)
leneight ratingthree it hangs down whenever i use "save me".
lentwo ratingthree otherwise excellent.
lenfive ratingfive it ain a bad game.
lennine ratingfive kills time, its fun  and can get pretty challenging
lennine ratingfive this new verison is much better than the original!
lenseven ratingfive the original is still the numero uno.
lenfive ratingfive but this version is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive the new graphics and levels are amazing.
lenfour ratingfive this game is addictive.
lenfourteen ratingfive love it and the updates are awesome and i love this game so much
lentwo ratingfive fine app
lennine ratingfive nyc game by imangi,better than the first one.
lenten ratingone i bought extra coins and they never appeared in game.
leneleven ratingone now i have to resolve the charges made to my account.
lentwo ratingone total crap.
lennine ratingfive love this game as much as the first edition.
lensix ratingthree great potential but runs too slow.
lensix ratingfive i really like the floating islands.
lensixteen ratingfour it is real better but it has cool graphics but it is hard to get coin
lentwelve ratingfive this game is totally awesome and even better than the first one
lenfifteen ratingfive good sequence of the first temple run, more polished and fine tuned thand its predecessor.
lensixteen ratingtwo i got an automatic upgrade and after a few games  lost 10,000 and was left with 922 coins.
leneleven ratingtwo then collected 3500 coins and those disapeared and was left with 1033 coins.
lenfive ratingthree controls slow and laging sometimes.
leneight ratingthree power up seen when you just under them
lenfifteen ratingfive it's great but the difficulty is max so it's like a real challenge.
lenthirteen ratingfour not the absolute best game in the world but its fun and addicting.
lenfour ratingfour decent graphics and fun.
lenfour ratingfour definitely get this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice games
lensixteen ratingfive i loved the game but if the game will be speed then it will be fun
lennine ratingfive nice game nice way to pass time love it
lenten ratingfive very good game ,nice graphics,and thanks for the update
lensix ratingfive beautiful graphics and smooth game play.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingone paid for gems twice in play store 3 days ago.
lennine ratingone have not received any additional gems even after 3 days.
lenten ratingone everybody please be aware of this issue before making iaps.
lenten ratingone until i paid 10 dollars for 150 jewls and never got them.
lenfive ratingone thanks for stealing my money.
leneighteen ratingfive this is an awesome game,but this is very slow in htc rhyme,plz make it little fast.
lenthree ratingfive txtxtcfgbog kg ifxitxitxirxitxotxotxoycububibuvlycotcotxotxotxot.
lentwentythree ratingfive g t. t if to g to it itt tf t it i if it if r fi t r ri or ir
lensixteen ratingfive a stunning and expectedly addicting game all and all but it has only one minor flaw.
lenfortyone ratingfive every time i look at the missions that i have completed i scroll down to see more but every second time i scroll my finger down to see more it stops for a quick second and then lets me see more.
lennineteen ratingfive only a minor bug that does not change my rating for this stunning and absolutly brilliant and vibrant game.
lenseven ratingfive it for sure has my five stars.
lenfifteen ratingfive oh and for the record, now i know what you guys ment by bigger monkeys! :) ;) :()
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthree ratingfive its reallly gud.
lenseven ratingone all of a sudden it stopped working!?
lenfifteen ratingone then after the last update it would load to the title scree then exit out!?
lenfive ratingone and then ill give 5 staars
lennine ratingfive awesome addictive.just like the first version.even better.
lenfour ratingfive nice game love it
lenfive ratingfive this game has amazing graphics!
lenthree ratingfive (droid razr m)
lenten ratingfive great graphics on my sgs, better to have more items
lenfive ratingone it wont open the application!
lenseven ratingone freezes on the opening screen then crashes!
lennine ratingone i want to get my tempe run on saaan!
lentwentysix ratingone i download it on my phone samsung sidekick4g and i started the game and it just exited the game and it still doesn't work.please fix!
lenfifteen ratingone this app takes forever to load, stalls out, and changed the background on my phone.
lentwenty ratingthree update didn't fix on evo lte.also double river/tree and river combo is sometimes near impossible to clear
lenten ratingone this is so bad because you cant even turn well.
leneleven ratingone i played this game before i own it so i know.
lenfour ratingone dont buy this game.:(
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingone this app will not open on my android tablet.
lennineteen ratingthree after every game i have less coin.s not more so i can never but new characters or anything.
lensix ratingone it says error cant download fix!
lennine ratingfive how i wish temple run land to windows phone
lenthirteen ratingfive tempol run more like tempol fun; oh ya never going to stop playing!:)
lentwo ratingfour scary gameee. ;-)
lenseven ratingfive a whole lot better than the original.
leneight ratingfive graphics are incredible as is the game play.
lentwo ratingfive responsive play.
lenfive ratingfive love the the death scenes.
lentwo ratingfive wow nice
lentwentynine ratingfive awesome graphics keep up the good work the thing i don't mind like is that it's lay on my s3 any thing you can do to fix it
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lensix ratingfive i love this one five stars,
lensix ratingfive infinnirunner doulble objectives even after update
lenfour ratingfive love love love it
lenfour ratingfive where is invisibility power.
lenten ratingfive great quality and more stuff to do its worth it
lenfive ratingfive one of my favorite games
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive enjoying a lot.
lensix ratingfive animations are out of the world.
lenseven ratingthree this is an awesome and addicting game.
lennine ratingthree but when i use save me it ussually crashed .
lensix ratingthree my device is samsung galaxy tab 2.7
lenseven ratingfour 1.the accelerometer controls needs to be fixed.
lenten ratingfour the game lags too much even on ultra low graphics.
lennine ratingfour the tilt controls often freeze making the game unplayable.
lenfourteen ratingfour the meter doesnt increase in the railroads no matter how many coins you collect.
lenseven ratingfour 3.the game freezes randomly resulting in death.
lentwelve ratingfour 4.the powerups dont stack when you activate and pickup the same powerup.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise its a great game !
lenthree ratingfour xperia arc s
lensix ratingfive just as fun and addictive as tr1.
lenfive ratingfive just a bit more challenging.
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour its a very enjoyable game very fin but after getting so far in a game its starts to lag on the s3 just long enough to make you crash and it does it often please fix
lenthree ratingfour easy and fun
lenfortythree ratingfive i love the game just like the first one, but this one isnt keeping up with my coins, it resets them to the previous count when i exit the game, cant ever get upgrades because of the loss of coins please fix droid 2
lenfive ratingfive love it playing a lot
lenten ratingthree love this game, played it till my hand go numb.
lensixteen ratingthree but now when i go in the app it to goes back to my phone screen.
leneleven ratingthree i've downloaded this game twice and its still messing up.
lenthree ratingthree please update asap
lenseven ratingfive i can not stop playing this game!
lennine ratingfive i love the new camera angle with the curves.
lenten ratingfive the rope swinging is amazing and so are the mineshaft.
lenfour ratingfive it's incredible fun!
lennine ratingfive the new obstacles make it a lot more challenging!
leneleven ratingfive the game is very good with new graphics n new character .
lenthirteen ratingfive i want him in this game but i like this game very much
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfive the 3d effects are cool.and game running smooth on my karbonn smart.
leneight ratingfive i give this a five out of five.
lentwelve ratingfive an awesome sequel, and a bit more of a challenge too boot!
lensix ratingfive never palayed such intresting running game
lentwentythree ratingone wont start.if you fix it for infuse u will most likely become 5 star app becauseall the infuse phones are giving bad ratings.
lennine ratingfive sleek, and ver ft fun to play when bored
lentwo ratingfive fun game:)
lenfifteen ratingfive it would be nice if you had all the objectives, over three at a time
lenthree ratingfive god h yaar
lensix ratingfour you can't change the sensitivity.
lensix ratingfour 5 stars when i can change sensitivity
lentwo ratingfour nice graphics
lenthree ratingfive run for fun
lentwentyseven ratingone i have an impulse 4g and anytime i try to open the app it shows the imangi studios emblem for a long time and then automatically exits out.
leneight ratingone i was really excited to play this too.
lentwo ratingfive yea tho
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is just awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfive it gets addicting when you strive to reach a new highscore each time
lenfive ratingfive great, i like the game.
lenten ratingfour love this game but it lags on my galaxy note. :(
lenten ratingfour great game but lags every so often which kills me.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lenthirteen ratingfour maybe because of my phone, but besides that this is a great game!
leneleven ratingone when opening app it force closes before you can do anything!
lenfive ratingone keeps foreclosing after recent update!
lenseven ratingfive 1000 times better than the first one lol
lenfiftyone ratingfour everything is awesome but would love to have control over the accelerometer sensitivity.its hard to use it in such low sensitivity and another flaw.after u gain the run fast power and jump on the rope.the guy keeps running fast even after the power wears off.please fix this
lenten ratingfive seems a lil more harder to controll than the last.
lenfive ratingfive still a good game tho.
lenseventeen ratingfive this is way better then the first one exactly what i like to see in a sequile
leneleven ratingfour my phone freezes sometimes but this is such and addicting game!
lenseven ratingfive warning you will play this for hours
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run is my fav game forever.and it is changed to temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive nice game for micromax a110 canvas2 .
lennine ratingfive samsung galaxy s3 or micromax canvas2 same mobile but price different.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive the graphics are awesome and the game is soooooooo addicting.
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lenseven ratingfour the game just make you go gaga.
lentwentyfive ratingfour but when the character 'scarlet fox' falls down the cliff.her voice is pathetic.feels like she is having orgasm or somthing please change it.!
lenseven ratingfive hi there this games you created rocks
lenfive ratingfive bigger, better, and more addictive!
leneight ratingfive i like it better than the other one!
lensix ratingone and asks me to force close
lenthirteen ratingfour great game but it needs a sensitivity setting like the first one does.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingone i purchased the 50gem pack but where the hell is it?
leneleven ratingone i've already been debited but the gems didn't show!
lentwo ratingfive real app
lenfifteen ratingthree love the game but the coins i have accumulated from playing the game keep disappearing.
leneight ratingthree already lost more than 10,000 coins to the glitch.
lenseven ratingfive loved the 1st one and love this one.
lentwo ratingfive great job
lenthree ratingfour game is fun!.
lenthirteen ratingfour would have gave 5 stars and but my games freezes randomly while im playing :-[
lenseven ratingone temple run doesnt work on my phone.
leneight ratingone it just wont get pass the first thing.
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game.
lensix ratingfive i can not stop playing it.
lentwo ratingfive addictive game!
lennine ratingfive love it, its way better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive the most exciting temple run ever !
lenten ratingfive jkkkaaassssss game nd good resolution nd batter then tample run 1
lentwelve ratingfive but i really hate starting over@each.level everytime a mistake happens!
lentwentyseven ratingone after a day it stops working it wont go to the game i have a gallexy x 2.it must be bad if it doesnt work in a gallexy2
lenten ratingfive it is about a guy running with monkies chasing him.
lenfour ratingfour played templerun 1, liked it.
lennine ratingfour now tr 2 with thees nice grafiks: just great fun.
lennine ratingfour nice challenge and achievments are nice motivation and fun
lenfour ratingfive it is wonderful game
lentwo ratingfive awesome gameplay!
leneleven ratingfour i hope this new update will fix lagging on my screen.
lensix ratingfive i play and enjoy this game
lenfourteen ratingfive now it is a perfect game.thanks for resolution fix.love this game.awsome :)
lenfour ratingfive love love this game!
lenseven ratingfive thanks for the updates.keep it coming!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome.
lenten ratingfive its great on my droid i love it soo fun!
lennine ratingfive pretty good game if i can stop falling off.
leneight ratingfive it's like the old version but better :)
lennine ratingfive game is sool fun u guys should download it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive love playing
lenfive ratingfive perfect game for a tablet
lentwentythree ratingfive its better than temple run 1 it also works better than old one.and.its just good.lags a few times.but its ok.
lentwenty ratingfive imangi studio did really great with temple run 2 i cant wait to see what they will do with tample run 3
leneight ratingone it doesnt work for the dell streak mini 5.
lenfour ratingone game wont even start
lentwo ratingfive amazing app!
lenten ratingfive this is really a great sequel to the 1st temple run.
lenfive ratingfive it's different,  more challenging.
leneight ratingfive it takes time to get used to it.
lentwentynine ratingthree great game but i paid for more coins and never recieved them.i email dev and never got a reply.dev needs to pay more attention to paying customers
lenfour ratingfive money money money,,. moneeeyyy
lenfive ratingfive temple run is really fun!
lenfifteen ratingfive i play it all the time even when i dont hav minutes, temple run 2 sux!(:
lenfive ratingfive this is a wonderful game.
lennine ratingfive i love the 3 d effects and the mining shaft.
lenfifteen ratingfive my fav is how i can use a powerup uf my choice with enough coins.
lenten ratingfive this is the best game and i am complaint free!
lenfive ratingfive hats off to imangi studio.
lenthirtythree ratingfive they have come up with a brilliant sequel.was kind of bored with the first game but this one brought me back to temple run .once again congratulations for such a good game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive good game but add more people and stuff
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive love how therefore more scenes and obstacles u run  through.
lentwelve ratingfive can't wait to see what u guys come up with next
lenfive ratingfour fun to play, but addicting
leneleven ratingfive i lobe this game i play it all the flipping time!
lenten ratingfive i am loving temple run 2 more than the first version!
leneleven ratingfive this is so much better than the first one more upgrades.
lenfive ratingfive its very fun and amusing
lenfour ratingfour this game is addicting
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics.
lenfive ratingfour good graphics and so nice.
lennine ratingfive but it takes up way too much storage space
lentwelve ratingfive the update fixed the lagging problem when you had to make turns.
lensixteen ratingfour got really far into the game and for some reason all of my stats just reset.
lensix ratingfour i be smacked playin this game
lennineteen ratingfive was having some trouble with minor lag, but i lowered the graphics quality and now it runs much nicer.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics, easy gameplay.
lenten ratingfive as fun as the first one was.highly recommend it!
leneighteen ratingone i keep trying to purchase coins and the coins won't show up i've purchased three times!.
leneleven ratingone i buy coins and gems but they don't show up
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive great work imangi studios.
lennine ratingfive mine cart is fun and the scenery is awesome!
lenfive ratingthree i die off random crap.
leneight ratingthree could be great if the game actually worked.
lennine ratingfour we'll new things , new places which is awesome!
lentwentyfive ratingfour but it freezes a lot at unexpected times which is frustrating so that needs a little work ,  but apart from dat it's not bad .
lensix ratingfour some part is difficult too understand
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingfive its very cool and very challenging
lenthirteen ratingfive i only eat 3 times a day now because i keep on playing this.
lennine ratingfive i forgot that i have a want to eat!
leneight ratingfive omg this is so fun on my tablet
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2.i have become addicted to it.
leneight ratingfive i recommend this apps to everybody i know.
lensix ratingfive download it smoke run 2 its great!
lenfive ratingtwo this application crashes too often.
lenseven ratingfive like the first one but much better!
lentwelve ratingfive fun n great game.the sequel better in everyway it should be
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics :-)
leneight ratingtwo nice game but sometimes cant open the game!
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun　　　　
lensix ratingfive such a fun game to play.
lenthirtyseven ratingone will not come on at all as soon as the uptade finished good game but it realy sucks now cause it will not come on at all when it is loding the it  shuts the app down
leneleven ratingfive you guys did it again.fascinating, addictive and adventurous game ever.
leneighteen ratingfive has improve compared to its previous games able to support older device best gelrapics and stable on android
leneight ratingfive it is very much improved by previous one.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive luv da game so much betta than thd first
lenthree ratingfive just perfect improvement.
leneight ratingone slide,jump,turn malfunction when i reach 5k meters
lentwo ratingfour nice job
lentwenty ratingfour i'll get at least 3,000 coins in a game and they don't get added the coins reset please fix !
lenfifteen ratingfour but overall good game would've been 5 stars if i didn't have this problem !
lensix ratingfive i love ,and very nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive owesome game
lenfour ratingthree game but crashes every.
lenfour ratingthree time i. take tutorial.
lenfour ratingthree game stops while playing!
lenfive ratingfive great improvement over the 1st game.
lentwo ratingfive vivid action.
lentwo ratingfive definitely recommend
lennine ratingone why does it need access to my phone calls?
lensix ratingfive this game should not be free
lentwo ratingfive nice apps!
lensix ratingfour first application to make my note2 hang.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
leneleven ratingone it will not let me play temple run2 omg fix it now
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive i like it a lot, but the controls could be a little better
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingone it ruined my phone :(
lenfour ratingfour very tricky and fun. :-)
lennine ratingfive fine fine fine very good very good very good!
lenfour ratingfive really cool its awsome!
lenfive ratingfive very good for time pass
lenseven ratingfive plays and runs great on my droid x2
leneight ratingfour excellent game, need to fix the motion sensor.
lentwentyfour ratingfour but i'll have 2000 coins , then turn around later and have only 600 coins, where are my coins going if i'm not spending them?
lenfifteen ratingthree it is much more fun than its original but developers should allow coins to accumulate
lennine ratingfive even better when the characters are increased in number
lensix ratingfive it's really difficult to play.
lenfour ratingfive but adventurous a lot!
leneleven ratingfive very fun game works very smoothly and the graphics are great
leneight ratingthree takes coins that were earned & monkey blocks view
lenthree ratingfive love the improvements .
lensix ratingfive great game i have no problems.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive i'm definitely addicted.
leneight ratingfive so much more fun than the first one!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingone you should definitly download sooo good!
lenseven ratingthree it's slow on the htc rhyme
lennine ratingfive the best has yet returned with a better sequel.
lensix ratingone hey imangi make the game load
lentwo ratingfive running fun
lenthree ratingfive addes rollar coaster
lensix ratingfour great game just slow to loads
leneight ratingone the new update today totally ruined my game.
lentwelve ratingone now anytime i start the game i am at the same level.
lensix ratingone what is this groundhog day update?
leneleven ratingone anytime you restart you are at the same place as before?
lenfive ratingone real bummer it was fun.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
leneleven ratingfive i'm absolutely obsessed and really great way to kill time.
lensix ratingfive the railway is my favorite part (:
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennineteen ratingfive this game is like the first time 10 its got a whole lot more to offer and is really cool!
lenseven ratingfive i love all the twists and turns.
lenthree ratingfive i recomend downloading.
lenfive ratingfour awesome,fun,and very addicting!
lennineteen ratingfour only thing i don't like is not having any save points and earning gems for pretty much everything.
lenseven ratingfive one of the most played games today.
lenthree ratingfive love the quality.
lennineteen ratingfive its really fun and a great way to compete with friends to see who can get the highest score!
leneleven ratingfive also, much more detail and more obstacles than regular temple run. :)
lenten ratingfive it runs smooth on my mobile xperia s. loved it <3
lenfourteen ratingthree to much clutter around the track; makes it hard to focus on the obstacles.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive i like it two thumbs up
lenfive ratingfive it is highly addicting though!
lenseven ratingfour need to be able to screenshot on gs3
lenthree ratingfive fun and exciting!
lentwo ratingfive fantastik changes.
lenseventeen ratingfive i thought it was better than the first one and it doesn't slow down your phone
lenseven ratingfive must play and better than first game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentytwo ratingfive love it but every time im in the middle of a game there is no cement i jump when u should turn
lenfour ratingfive love the graphics, gameplay.
lensix ratingfive plays very well on my nexus 7.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive never sleep the whole night but play!
lenseven ratingfive it's da jump off  for real
lensix ratingfour awesome game i have score 68 lakh
lennine ratingfive didn't occur to me any problem at all.
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lenthirtythree ratingone if i could give it no stars i would it just wont work it works after i first download it but then when i try to open it it wont let me play
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics and no lags
lenfour ratingfive amazing game , very addicting!
lenthirteen ratingfive its far better than temple run 1, i just love it, it's fun
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenten ratingone game doesnt work at all on this phone , fix it
lentwo ratingfive runs perfect.
lenten ratingfive i love this game way better than the first one
lentwelve ratingfive i play it all the time, i never get bored with it!
lennine ratingfive its excellent whn u excellent.good.keep it ip.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lentwenty ratingfour good play as good as the first temple run made more locations and more achievements couldn't hurt none eather!
lenthree ratingfive happy to play.
lenfourteen ratingone as i updated, now i have to do some objectives again and game lags
lensix ratingfive damn good version great work imangi
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive its addicting and fun.
lenseven ratingfive its also way better then temple run 1.(;
lenten ratingfour i love the concept, its even better than the first.
lenfive ratingfour better graphics, all around fun.
lentwentyone ratingfour what i dont like is the constant glitches where it doesn't sense my swipes and sends me off a cliff.
lentwelve ratingfour or when the map zooms forward all of a sudden after glitching.
lenfour ratingfive just miss zack wonder.
lenthirteen ratingone the game very often doesnt load and doesnt allow me to play it!
lentwo ratingfour addicting game
lennine ratingthree good game but bit glitch :( fix it soon x
lennine ratingone i have 4gb space available, but said error still persists.
lenfive ratingone refuses to update or install.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwentythree ratingfive a great step forward, not just in the graphics department but the overall presentation and upgrade features really make this an enjoyable game
lennine ratingfour ok am rating it higher than my previous review.
lenthree ratingfour playin it everyday .
lenthirteen ratingfour but still do not like some aspects of the game like the objectives .
leneight ratingfour y cant it just mark it as complete ?
lentwelve ratingfour these objectives come in the next level when ive already completed them.
leneight ratingfour also the part in the mines is annoying .
lenten ratingfour i always wish that part doesnt come when am playin .
lennine ratingthree nice game,but sometime when i use "save me"
lentwelve ratingfive download for sure don't miss this game u will love it.
lenthree ratingfive just plain fun
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensixteen ratingfive i like how it is the same but so much different from the first temple run.
lentwenty ratingfour its a very good game only if the sensitivity to move was better than i would give it five stars
lenthree ratingfive check your code!
lenten ratingfive something about gem calculations, i collected 8 gems, after the crash -8.
lennine ratingfive and need to collect 8 just to complete the minus!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i think its really good the only bad thing is that there are only 3 characters and they are the sameones as in the first one
leneleven ratingfour its really addicting and easy to get high scores on runs
leneighteen ratingfour i loved it, however i hated the fact that i'd always reach the end of the road.
lentwo ratingfour google nexus 7
lenfive ratingfour it reminds me of parasailing
lenfive ratingfive thanks fr fixing resolution problem.
lenten ratingfive ths is better than temple run and temple run brave.
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive my name is zachary and i'm an addict
lentwo ratingfive simply ossum!
lentwelve ratingfive the game's lot betta thn d frst 1 n runs very smoothly.
lennine ratingfive very useful in killing time n fun to play.
lenthree ratingfive luv this game
lenthree ratingfive best android app.
lennine ratingfive it's really fun to play and nice quality.
lennine ratingfive i need to earn more gems to live again.
lenfourteen ratingfive best played on galaxy note 2.no lag no pop in no problem at all!
lenthree ratingfive great game indeed!
leneight ratingone force close every time i open this game
lensixtyone ratingfour the game is pretty amazing but i have an achievement that says it's for a second powerup but i got a second powerup and.it doesn't work and when a gem is on top of a hill i jump but it won't get it because he only puts his hands up but does not come off the ground.
lentwo ratingfive nice game !
lenseven ratingfour lots of new stuff it will fun.
lenseven ratingfive it is very challenging and its addicting!
lenthree ratingfive nice lovely games
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
leneighteen ratingone still doesn't work it gets to the imangi design screen then goes straight to my home screen!
lenfour ratingfive great game.love it .  !
lenthree ratingthree but sometimes lags.
lenthirteen ratingthree nd also i hate how we can't pause and see our objectives.
lenthirtythree ratingthree also i hate how whenever i'm trying to navigate up or down on the abilities page i always end up buying something accidentally jus buy tapping on any part of any power
lenfive ratingfive temple run is so awsome
lenfour ratingthree this version is better
leneight ratingtwo freezes way too much gets really laggy too.
leneight ratingtwo it's awful on my new samsung galaxy s3!
lensixteen ratingtwo i get so annoyed that i just stick to playing it on my iphone or ipad.
leneleven ratingfive absolutely no glitches at all, very fast paced, i love it!
lensix ratingfour gud better than the first one
lenthree ratingtwo ok game overall.
lenseven ratingtwo surprisingly i enjoyed the first one more.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo the reason it has only 2 stars is because it needs to have an option where i can choose it's sensitivity level.
leneighteen ratingtwo i have to tilt the phone so much in order to move the character from left to right.
lenfive ratingtwo i almost dropped my phone.
lentwelve ratingtwo or sometimes it doesn't jump easily and i lose very fast.
lensix ratingfive cant downlaod bcuz of da error 498
lennine ratingfour excellnt gameplay.everythng is fine excpt the tilting part.
lentwelve ratingfive u shud try it its surely bettr than d previous temple run
lenthree ratingfive better than temple 1
leneight ratingfive very awsome i cant believe there is part 2
leneight ratingthree won't let me move side to side?
leneleven ratingfive nice one imangi for having great game that was so addictive!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive great work team.!
lenfour ratingfive absolutely love this game.
lenseven ratingfive thanks for fixing thr few small glitches!
lenfourteen ratingfive a redesign of an already super fun game with new feature.a most have
lenfive ratingfive amazing game instant time killer
lenthirteen ratingfour it's slow but it's worth it it's awesome go 49 ners
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfour ratingfive great game,highly addictive
lentwentyfive ratingfour it improves on the first in almost every way, i just don't like how i can only get the three objectives that are shown.
leneighteen ratingfour one example, i got 5000 meters twice in a row before getting the objective telling me to do it.
lenseven ratingfive i play this more than i breath!
lensix ratingfour shd have sync option with facebook
lenseven ratingfive its awesome fun than the previous one.
lenthree ratingfive and subway surfer.
lenfour ratingfour nice game at all
lennine ratingthree just like the previous version this game lags oftenly.
leneight ratingthree the devs really need to optimize the versions.
lenten ratingthree why the hell the game never lags on an iphone?
lenfour ratingthree i need an answer.!
lentwo ratingfive goodd game.
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lentwelve ratingone samsung galaxy.worked well at first, great game, but will not open .
lenseven ratingone acts like its working then closes itself.
lennine ratingfour so far so good but some times it lagssss
lensix ratingfive again imangi studios have done it .
lenfive ratingfive i love the mine cart
lentwentyseven ratingfour i like to listen to music while i play but it lags when the song changes plus the monkey sounds like a seal crossed with a tiger
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive its  more than just running
leneight ratingfive im addicted to this game just love it.
lenfive ratingfive this is a fantabulous game.
lenfive ratingfive m totally addicted to it.
lenfour ratingone it doen't load.
lensix ratingfive this game rocks i love it
leneleven ratingone still doesn't go past the imangi studios screen plz fix.
lenfour ratingone one star till fix.
lenfour ratingone rooted htc thunderbolt runnin 2.2
lenseven ratingone waste not opening only showing the logo
lentwelve ratingone tr2 freezes constantly when i haven't even played for half a minute.
lenfifteen ratingone the hard buttons won't work and i have to remove the battery and reboot.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseven ratingfive i like that paths are not straight.
lentwentyfive ratingfive in this action packed running game, man dangerous risks his life by taking the idol, unfortunately it has been guarded by one master bird monkey.
leneight ratingfive lets hope you can make it out allowed
lensixteen ratingone this is just a waste of time and memory if the game isnt going to work.
lensix ratingone please fix this for motorola triumph.
lentwo ratingfive great download
lenfour ratingfive it's absolutely amazing!
lenthirtyfive ratingone i cant believe that the magnet doesn't give triple value anymore, as really disappointed because i leveled it 4 times keep thinking it'll give atleast double value, but still didn't.really really disappointed.: (
leneight ratingfive i think you should add some more accesories
lenfive ratingfive fun, fun and more fun
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfourteen ratingfive i have about 90 apps on my phone but i only play with this one.
leneight ratingone piece of trash reset after i logged 100'000 meters!
lennineteen ratingone now game won't let me change settings and return to the main menu until i reset the game.
lensix ratingone which means settings don't save!
lensix ratingone won't play it ever again.
lenfive ratingfive it's nice to play
lentwelve ratingfive its better than the first and everyone wants to download fully addicted!
lenseventeen ratingfive imangi you have done it again.you have rocked me to my hearts core.keep it up.
leneight ratingfive what a fun way to kill some time.
lensix ratingfive good graphics is always a plus!
lenfifteen ratingone i tried playing temple run 2 and it just doesn't work on the lg thrill.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this is a very fun game but sometimes with the android you can swipe left or right and it will make you jump up.
lensix ratingfive but still a very fun game.
lenthree ratingfive nice very funny.
leneleven ratingfour dear team, this is awesome game but it has sensivity issues.
lenthirteen ratingfour one has to tilt mobile at 90 degree to collect coins near the walls.
lenthree ratingfour rest is awesome
lenthree ratingfive temple run2 nice game.
lenfour ratingfive great game as usual
lentwenty ratingfive maybe the bug for the double objective is fixed, but the double up of a previous objective is still around.
lentwo ratingfive awesum game.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour great game with great quality but i've had to delete and reinstall about 4 times because it would load the "i" screen when you first open the app then would go back to home screen.
leneight ratingfour still doing this even after most recent update
leneight ratingfour lovely game, but lags a lil.but overall.
lennine ratingfour it's great n wayyyy better than temple run 1!
lenfour ratingfive works great, good game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneleven ratingfour the game is really kool.bt der is a tilt problem.
lenten ratingfour dats y i rate it as 4stars.plz improve the tilt.
lenseven ratingone in my tablet it is package invalid
lenten ratingthree i'm addicted, but it won't save my coins.
lenthree ratingfive nice great game
lentwelve ratingfive i didn't think temple run could get better, but it did :)
lensixtysix ratingfive amazing graphics,powerpc option and save me gems i love that two newly added option in temple run 2 it makes the game more enjoying helps in long running.but there is a little bit problem in coins in temple run 2 collection of coins is minimum than the previous one and u have to run long because no of available are less as the game level increases.
lentwo ratingfour super   game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive it has more obstacles.
lensix ratingfive it has zip lines and cart.
lensix ratingfive im playing like theres no tomorrow!
lennine ratingfive i hope it wont lag like the other one
lennine ratingfive game works smoothy in my defy with cm.10 rom. .
lensix ratingfive do upgrade to custom rom guys. .
lenfive ratingfive you won't regret it.
lennine ratingfive please don't complain about not working in defy.
lenthree ratingfive jst love it.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenseven ratingfive adventurous game, stunning graphics, i liked it.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lenfive ratingfive i keep losing.so hard :/
leneleven ratingfour <3 this this game give 5 star, if it can connect wit facebook.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!?
lenthree ratingfive graphics is awesome .
lenfifteen ratingfive i would like it if there was a share instead of tweet for the score.
lenfifteen ratingfive the players with apple get to share but us android users only get to tweet
lenthree ratingfive its sooooo fun !
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it ;)i play as much as i can in my spare time ?
leneight ratingfive a little more going on than the 1st version
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy tab 2
lenfive ratingfour 7   2 samsung s1 can't downlo  ad
lentwelve ratingfive i'm so impressed how smooth this game is on old devices.
lensix ratingfive and temple run 1 lags a lot.
lenseventeen ratingthree while this is a fun game it's a little rough around the edges at the moment.
lenten ratingthree other reviewers have covered most of the playability bugs/issues.
lenthirteen ratingthree 1.0.1.1 update seems to have worked out the kinks with exiting the app properly.
lennine ratingone the game won't download on my evo design
lensix ratingfive the best game promoted to better. .
lenten ratingfive the god of all other mobile games in the world. .
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's working really smoothly on my droid, so no worries on that front.
lentwentytwo ratingfive but be careful, i planned on playing 5 rounds today and looked up and had played for nearly an hour and a half.
lenfifteen ratingfive you just kinda get lost in it even though there are really food stopping points.
lensix ratingfive it's hard to put down.
lenfour ratingfive great game highly addictive
lensix ratingone this is better than the original!
lenseven ratingfive this adds vertical dimensions to temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive my 4 year old son and i enjoy taking turns playing it.
lenfour ratingfive great game kills time
lenfour ratingfour the game is fun!
leneleven ratingfive i like this game its very addictive and mind cathy  game.
lentwentyeight ratingfive this game is amazing swinging on ropes and going through mineshafts ina a minecart.revival diamonds  etc everything' you need to have lots of fun:-)  i love it
lentwelve ratingfive thnx 4 d last update no i can play it on my phone.
leneight ratingfour really love playing this on my lazy days!
lenfour ratingfour love the mine theme!
lensixteen ratingfour but game often stalls in the middle or doesnt recognize swipes which ends the game quickly.
leneighteen ratingfive this is totally different from tample run1 except some features  i like it very much excellent work by developer
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensixteen ratingone it just sits on the imagine studios for like 20 seconds than backs out of the app
lensixteen ratingfour the only problem is sometimes it crashes,it doesn't work smoothly as the first one.
lentwentysix ratingone i had no fun.if the game would not have been so laggy i would have gave at least 2 stars.the first temple run is better.
lentwo ratingfive incredibly addictive.
lenthree ratingfour ok not bad
lenfifteen ratingfive if a game that is endless makes you come back again and again, its succeeded.
lentwo ratingfive god game
lentwo ratingfive asome game!
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one
lenfour ratingfive this is addicting lol .
lensix ratingtwo overall i do like the game.
lensixteen ratingtwo the glitches, even at lowest video quality, however, can mess up a run in an instant.
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo i also paid for the double coin and while my money has been taken, the feature has not been applied, which is frustrating and a huge issue if others are having the same thing happen to them.
leneight ratingfive the game play and the graphics was awsome
lentwelve ratingfour it does it more than 75% of the time and its really annoying.
lentwentyone ratingfour it doesnt even give me the stuff i got from the run and it takes the gems is tried to use.
lenseven ratingfour other than that its a great game.
lenseven ratingfour its way more difficult than the first.
lenseven ratingfour i play this game all the time!
lenfour ratingfive awsome graphics, amazing gameplay.
lennine ratingfive better than previous version, more adventurous and more fun
lensix ratingfour so cool.extraordinary graphics,love ya!
lenfive ratingfive its a very nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseventeen ratingfour bt were can i change the sensitivity if tat is fixed i can give a five star
lenseventeen ratingone its used to work really good but then after i updated it cracks up and brakes up
lenfive ratingfour follow me on instagram _itskrissy
lenfifteen ratingfour awzm game:-) objective must be achieved as it shws.any xtra objective achieved goes unrecognised
lensixteen ratingfive this app is so graet downloed it it is three d so freaken good lol lmfao
lentwentyone ratingfive the game freezes and unresponsive on my samsung galaxy nexus when i try to jump, slide, or turn and i die.
lenfive ratingfive but i till rate 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive its de best game .
lenthree ratingfive awesome to play .
lennine ratingfive can't take my hands off it .gud wrk.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game so much really works in my lenovo p700i
lenfour ratingfive it needs more characters.
leneight ratingone every time i try to open  this app.
lenfive ratingone it shuts my phone off?
lenfour ratingfive great game .love it
lenten ratingfive i did not know a second sequel was coming out .
lenfive ratingfive but amazing graphics on android .
lenfive ratingfive i'm finna play again.
lensix ratingfour truly adventurous and fully enjoyable game
lentwentytwo ratingone i wish i could give it no stars to post this beware some phone users it might not start for you too.?
lenfive ratingfive cant wait to try it :)
lenfive ratingfive superb work by imangi studios!
lentwentyfour ratingfive i was just thinking of an update to temple run and they came up with the brand new temple run 2, the craziest game ever!
lenten ratingfive also pls come up with montana smith, the 2nd highest explorer.
lenfour ratingfive nice game best graphics
leneighteen ratingfive nice game but went it comes to rail place its a bit hard to control my galaxt tab 2.
lenfour ratingfive awaiting the 3rd already hahaha
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lenfour ratingfive it's addicting yaar.
lenseven ratingfive a definite improvement over the last one.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
leneight ratingfive you must enable adjustable sensitivity for  the gyro.
leneight ratingtwo since the update the game doesn't open .
lenfourteen ratingfour sometimes i get thrown off of the track when jumping and moving over gaps
lentwo ratingfive thrilling game
lentwentyfive ratingfive after make best score in temple run i am sure i ll make in tr2 also ur champion is here     challenge me any time am ready .!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lentwenty ratingfive wish it starts frm the same place where d character dies rather than starting from d beginning all the time
lensix ratingfive i like the game a lot!
lenthirteen ratingfive it's more adventurous than the first one and i think its better.
lentwo ratingfive faster game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenfive ratingfive love the gameplay and graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive u should definitely download it.
lentwentysix ratingthree it would be a five but it seems a little laggy when u turn and jump and when u go to turn it just seems weird
lentwo ratingfive nice game.,.
lensix ratingfive full of adventure and exciting game.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is excellent i love all the new surprises that it has.
lenten ratingfive definitely all hands down better then the first temple run! :)
lentwentyfive ratingfive awesome graphics.new n even more tough obstacles.n is working absolutely fine on my xperia tipo.luv it.5 stars.keep it up imangi studios! :)
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lenfive ratingthree templ run 2 is better than 1
lenthree ratingfive really nice game.
lenfive ratingone this game glitches so bad.
lensix ratingone almost finished and it was undoable
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is really awesome!
lenfive ratingfive best free game out there!
lenfive ratingfive it couldn't be better!
leneight ratingfive i enjoy all the different obsticals and surroundings!
lenfive ratingfive pleeaasseeeee continue to make more!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
leneight ratingfive excellent graphics, improved a lot in gaming features.
lennine ratingfive thanks to imangi studios for such a wonder game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive high score-   48 million
lenfortyone ratingfive very addicting n superb game.but .fix the tilting issue.n whats this in the new update.everything is just same but the coins when we collect are going very slowly to the meter point.fix it .it looks very odd.
lenfour ratingfive new refreshed temple run.
lenthree ratingfive more to play.
lentwo ratingfive better environs.
leneleven ratingfive no more annoying squeaks of the monsters, instead a humble roar.
lenfour ratingfive simply awesome and addictive
lentwentyone ratingthree but my coins seem to be disappearing -.- and theres no reason i should be losing coins if im not spending them
lentwentyfive ratingthree on my android and my friends iphone the app is a little glitchy it pings so to speak and it makes it harder to play.
lenfive ratingfive the only game i play
leneleven ratingone it's not letting me get on and play on it!  :-(
lenseventeen ratingfive the best game that i haven't played so i would like to give 5 stars!?fk u
lenseventeen ratingone its a great game but it automatically closing everytime i hit skip after dying i hate that.
lenfour ratingfive really good entertaining game
lennineteen ratingfive i would like to see a classic mode but besides that it is awsome way better than the first
lenfour ratingthree the runner keeps dying :-(
leneight ratingone i don't understand why this is happening.
leneleven ratingfive best game ever played and  much better than the previous one.
lenseven ratingfive i will try this game on ios.
lenthirtyone ratingone the tilt doesn't work to well in this, i have to turn my phone completely sideways so it'll start to turn, please fix it so its like the first.
lennine ratingthree would have been five but my coins keep disappearing :(
lennine ratingfive i just love playing this game all the time!
lenfive ratingfive hats off to the developers!
lennine ratingfive imangi studio should be awarded with google top developer!
lentwentynine ratingtwo i installed few days back, was happy with the same, now yesterday after the new update it is not working, please fix this and 5 ratings frm me is sure
lentwelve ratingfive wow such a difference i love it more rewards two thumbs up
lenfive ratingfive best game evea  yeaaaaaaaaaaaa  budddddddddddy
lenthirteen ratingfive its really really amasing app try it and you too will like it .
lentwentynine ratingfour obtaining or using a power up that you already have active, does not extend the time of the power up or reset the clock time of the power up.
lenfourteen ratingfour instead, it just ends at the time the original power up was supposed to.
lentwelve ratingfour it works well already on my device just a little more updates.
lenfifteen ratingfour but one thing is that i uninstalled the app for it not to be laggy.
lenthirteen ratingfour so i wish on the next update i wouldnt uninstall the app again.
lenfour ratingfive much more graphically engaging.
lennine ratingfive nice apps but slightly dizzy when playing too long.
lenfour ratingfive hope to overcome it.
lenseven ratingfive but it keeps crashing from time time.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
leneight ratingfive works very smoothly in my sony xperia tipo.
lenthree ratingfive enjoying temple run 2.
lennine ratingfour good graphics, great performance, funny and a time thief.
leneleven ratingfour only problem is some times touch is a bit too late.
lensixteen ratingfour good entertainment but need to give instructions to the new users for making it more addictive
lennine ratingone just closes after loading a bit in moto defy
lentwelve ratingtwo i didn't find this game interesting enough as the original game.
leneleven ratingfour this game z really superb, but texturing is a minus point.
lentwo ratingfive extra cool
lenten ratingfive game is nice but it is stopping at the end
lenfourteen ratingfive best played on galaxy note 2.no lag no pop in no problem at all!
lenthree ratingfive great game indeed!
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
leneleven ratingfive awesome game man :d one of the best i have played.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive off the chain.great job !
lentwentytwo ratingtwo still not working on my phone this is the third update i have installed still it is not working on my phone
lensix ratingfour always enjoy to pass the time
leneight ratingfive liking this way better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive scenery is great
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive it wrkz perfct without any lags.
leneleven ratingfive playin an epic game in an android version is really amazng ;)
lensixteen ratingfive this gave is best of all.i love it and its updates make much more interestibg
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwelve ratingfour ok would be 5 stars if momma could play it better than son
lennine ratingone it doesnt load it exits out and just sucks!
lenfive ratingfive good graphics and so addictive!
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive just alot better than first part.
lentwentyfour ratingone i have been waiting all week for an update, and when it finally comes the game still does not work on my lg thrill.
leneighteen ratingfive one of the best games of play store.i love ghus game.plzzzzz also launch temple run 3.5 star.:-)
lensix ratingfour but it runs better on ios
lenthree ratingfour fun filled game
lenthree ratingfive great job devs!
lenfive ratingfive now thers no more lag!
lenseven ratingfive keep up the good work awesome graphics
lensix ratingfour nice grapic than old temple run
leneleven ratingfive but its a bit slow in my samsung galaxy s gt-19000.
lenfour ratingfive plss fix this soon.
lenfour ratingone worked fine before update.
lenfour ratingfive awe to da some
leneight ratingfive the best just got smaller love this game
lensix ratingone constant drop in fps basically unplayable
lenten ratingfive it is an awesome game everyone should try playing it.
lenfourteen ratingfive the bad thing is that you get bored after playing for a long time
leneight ratingfive i like this game better than temple run 1
lentwentyeight ratingfive i don't have much  apps on my phone yet it still lags a bit in the beginning and during later gameplay allowing me to only reach around 3,000,000.
lenfive ratingfour great.still room fr improvement
lentwentythree ratingthree good game, except for the irritating bug that causes random stalls in the middle of the game and swipes don't get recognized.
lenthree ratingfive stop playing it
lenthree ratingone tried to download.
lennine ratingone time after time gave me one error or another.
lenfifteen ratingone mostly tried to say i didn't have enough storage space available (which is bs)
lenthree ratingone it force closes.
lenseven ratingfive fun game - worthy sequel to the first
lensix ratingfive love both of the temple runs.
leneight ratingfive i cant seem to put this one down.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive good game my hi score is 19096.000.000
leneleven ratingfive best app to receive a sequel and it was done right
lentwenty ratingfive really like the graphics and that there are no more adds i'm hoping for a temple run 3 for christmas
lenfive ratingfour this game is simply awesome. .
lensix ratingfour but instead of running fo idol .
lenfifteen ratingfour there must b levels . .it ll make this game more addictive. .add if u can. .
lenfive ratingfour otherwise i love the grafics <3
lensix ratingfive just awesome.it only freezes sometimes.
lensix ratingthree it won let me play it?
lenthirteen ratingone this is bullshit i had 13,567 coin then out of nowhere i had 74 coins
leneight ratingfive you don't want us to stop playing.
lensix ratingfive great trick hiding the exit option.
lennine ratingfive edit: there is a bug when play in mute.
lennine ratingfive sometimes the sound of walking step can be heard.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive no mooching for cash.
lenthree ratingfive no opressive ads.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game.
lenten ratingfour has wonderus new things to change up things a bit.
lenseven ratingthree good but crashed a couple of times.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive i suck, but its very fun
lensix ratingfive good game better than first one
lenseven ratingfive very addictive, gorgeous visuals and nice game.
leneight ratingfive can play hours and hours without getting bored
lenthree ratingfive really addictive game
lenfour ratingfive love dis its awesome.
lenfive ratingfive wud suggest as a must
lenfour ratingfive vry cool game guyssss
lenseven ratingfive its a wonderful game to play on!
lentwelve ratingfive better than the first, with more variety of scenery, controls, and gameplay.
lenten ratingfive love the variety of the scenery and the underground trip!
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool.
lentwelve ratingfive although it's tougher than the first one, it's still great.
lenfive ratingfive with new and exciting obstacles.
lensix ratingfive its very nice game ! :) so addictive !
lentwo ratingfive more fun!
lenfive ratingfive but please put more character .
lenfive ratingfive zack wonder is my idol!
lentwo ratingfive time killer
lenfour ratingfive good time pass game.
lenten ratingfour i mean its cool and upgraded but its almost impossible
lensix ratingfive this is a very nice game
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one
lenthree ratingfive a true successor
lenseventeen ratingthree overall a good game but the lag is terrible on my s3 and it can be quite frustrating.
lentwo ratingfour solid fun
lenfive ratingfive its better then temple run
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfour much better than the first i like it a lot.
lenseven ratingfour good job.looking forward for new updates
lentwentyone ratingfive i love this game this game is much better than the first temple run and the cart part i love it
lentwo ratingfive ok game
lenthree ratingfive time killer game
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game keep making more games like this and i hope to play the another version 3
lensix ratingone why not running in htc desire?
lenten ratingfive definitely good.way better than the first one.lobbed iit.
lenfive ratingfive great improvement on temple run! :)
leneight ratingfive i cant get far but its very nice !
lensix ratingfive good but skipping need to fix
lentwenty ratingfive i like this version more because it's a bit more challenging but it's totally worth the download :d
lenfive ratingone this game is absolutley rubbish!
leneight ratingone first 1 is so much better compared to this!
lentwelve ratingone sorry imangi studios im disappointed this game was terrible uninstalled straight away.
lenfour ratingfive totally involved into it.
lennine ratingfive i scored 15,690,220 in this game i scored without tripping 670,979
lenseven ratingtwo coin problem in today's update.fix!
lensixteen ratingone i bought the 150 gem pack wile running, it consumed all 120 something needed, then ended my game!
lennine ratingone so i got the money i spent technically stolen.
leneight ratingone fix that and five stars and happy customer!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour good game and graphics but can you fix the bugs when you were ressurecting too much for example i have 5 mil points then i die if i ressurect the game will crash.
lenfour ratingfour pls help me tnx
lenfive ratingfive full enjoy and full timepass.
lenfive ratingfive this game is to cool
lenten ratingfive suggested feature: show players their average distance / coins per run!
lenseventeen ratingfive perhaps one lifetime average, and one average which can be reset (like that of a vehicle odometer).
lenfour ratingtwo gane crashes on lenovo s560
lenfour ratingfive bawal game h be
leneleven ratingfive it's so good you won't know the time passing
lentwo ratingfour pretty cool!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i like this vry much than psrt 1 bt however it stucks in between and suddenly resumes in my galaxy ace plus so fix it please
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfourteen ratingfive if you loved the first temple run then you will definitely enjoy this version
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive absolutely perfect!
leneight ratingfive for doubtful people, this is a must-install!
lenfive ratingfive you won't regret this.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive lol i mostly like the big monkey
lentwentyfive ratingfour and i know its not just my phone, because i've played it on my boyfriends phone, and it lags on his phone a well.
leneleven ratingfour it's such a bummer because this game is really fun!
lenfive ratingfive wayyy better than temple run.
lennine ratingfive bones is my fave player and i just scored 5m.
lennine ratingfive this is an awesome game great thought and design.
lenfifteen ratingfive its only issue for me is that it runs slow and lags all the time.
lenfifteen ratingfive i am running the droid x, great phone but well past my free upgrade time.
lenthirteen ratingfive so more than likely the problem is my phone and not the app.
lennine ratingfive that's why i gave it a five star
lenthree ratingfive nice job guys
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfour resource hungry!
lenseven ratingfive game is good, cant stop playing it
lenten ratingfive cool game i never they wills make a temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfive omg i m addicted to this game and have to play it everydayyyy !
lenfourteen ratingfive best of the best never seen anythin like it best graphics in the world
lensix ratingfive a lot better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfour temple run 2 maniacs .
lenten ratingfive it's much better and nice game.i love it.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo will give a five star if you put a sensitivity option on, because right now this standard sensitivity sucks and would like to change to higher if possible, please make available on next update (hopefully soon)
lenthree ratingfive verry verry super
lensix ratingfour awesome game very nice keep updating.
lenthirtytwo ratingone this game sucks it doesn't even let me play it and freezes my phone each time i try to play it i already downloaded three time and nun worst game ever! !
lentwo ratingfive crazy game.
lenthirty ratingthree till now it shows circumnavigator objective is not completed which i have already completed  and lags in best visual quality the update was useless don't know what your doing!
lenseven ratingfive great update to an already adicting game :)
lentwelve ratingfour they jae picked up the concept if rail rush by miniclip orrr.
lennineteen ratingfour anyways its a cheeky game and i'll.give my max 4stars coz there is always a room for improvement.
lenfour ratingfive grt graphics, good task.
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run. :-)
lensix ratingfive temple run 1 was already very enjoyable.
lensixteen ratingfive this adds great graphics, better objectives integration with the story line while keeping old game play.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 temple run 2 temple run 2 temple run 2 temple run 2 temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive i love it this game also addit.
leneight ratingfour pretty good besides for to shaky when running
lenfive ratingone this game won't download
lenfour ratingfive nice game,more exciting
lentwelve ratingfive i think this is the best game yet at the play store.
lenfour ratingfive exciting, thrilling, and fun.
lenten ratingfive i hope there are more exciting improvements in the future.
lenthree ratingfour it looks cool
lenfive ratingfive gr8 to play in samsung-infuse 4g.
lentwo ratingfive faad game.
lentwentysix ratingfour just a few minor annoyances: if a power up is active and the same power up is picked up again, the active time is not extended.
lenthirtysix ratingfour i've had a few instances where obsticles are generated too close to each other (cant make a jump big enough to cross a river and the grinder) when a power up is filled with gems?
lensix ratingfour why does it not stay filled?
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lennineteen ratingfive very impressive better than it's first temple run 1 very good graphics & sound vfx so nice keep it up
lenfive ratingfive thums up for this awesome
lenfour ratingthree its watever on andorids
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lensixteen ratingone please fix s1. - today is feb 03, i still have not heard why this will not work on gs1?
lensix ratingone still a kick a*s game!
lentwentyfive ratingfive after make best score in temple run i am sure i ll make in tr2 also ur champion is here     challenge me any time am ready .!
lenfour ratingfour cool game, killer graphics.
lenthree ratingfive lovely user interface
lenfour ratingfive best running game period
lenseven ratingone temple 2 isnt working on my samung infuse.
lenthirteen ratingfive this doesn't lag as 1, though it lags few times on my phone.
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it.
lennine ratingone ever since the upgrade, the game has been glitchy.
lenseven ratingone when i play it freezes/slows down.
leneight ratingone i love this game but it needs work
lenfive ratingfive super fun and really addicting
lenfourteen ratingfour i love the game but it makes me fall though on the collapsed ledges.
lenthree ratingfive very nice app.
lenseven ratingone can't control character by tilting phone.
lenfive ratingone my droid raze 4.0 is better.
lenseven ratingone ui improve this and ill come back.
lenfive ratingfive you should download this game.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenthirtynine ratingone i have uninstalled and then re-installed this app many times over but it does not seem to work no matter how much i try, please fix this because i would really like to play and enjoy this game.
lenfifteen ratingthree even after the new update, it does not work on phone and i have android 2.2.1.
lennine ratingfive so chuffed i can get this on my phone
lenthree ratingfive bst game ever.
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 rocks.!
lennine ratingfive it is a time pase it is a time
lenfive ratingfive it is a wonderful game .
leneight ratingfive how much v play v get more excitment.
lenfourteen ratingthree every time i die my money decrease.is it suppose to be like that?
lenten ratingthree hope that game would have more levels with different plaslces.
lenseven ratingthree can get updates of different levels regularly.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lennineteen ratingtwo on level 8 i got two 500000 lifetime coin objectives, now i have 600000 but one of the 500000 ones are still there.
lenfifteen ratingtwo now i'm screwed, needs to be fixed, i don't want 500000 sitting there forever
leneleven ratingfive temple run is a worldwide famous game which played by everyone.
lentwentyeight ratingfive i have downloaded 1st version from play store & i njoyed a lot, meanwhile temple run brave have been launched for paid version nd tht too i downloaded nd njoyed.
lenfive ratingfive new location, challenges & many more. .
lenfive ratingfive nic game with wonderfull graphics .<3
lenseven ratingfour a lot more challenging than the first.
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is one of the best game i have ever played it is a very nice game i love it.
lenseven ratingfive nice job pleasee also make temple run 3
lenten ratingone sucks like the first one,  this game is so overrated.
lenfour ratingone gets boring after 1-5 runs.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo for some reason, the game uses floating touch input as well as the normal touch input on the xperia sola, hence registering swipes without me touching the screen!
leneleven ratingtwo please fix this :( this was a problem in temple run 1 also.
lenthree ratingthree need more improvements
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfour ratingfive graphics, gameplay and everything.
lennine ratingfour love the different obstacles and the mining tunnel levels!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive can't believe it's free
leneleven ratingfive i love it, its really entertaining, but i want more characters.
lenten ratingfive after the new update,it is as smooth as butter.
lentwenty ratingone extremely laggy on the lg revolution can't even enjoy the game but the first temple run works perfectly fine.
leneight ratingfive this game is the best game ever made
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is better than 1
lenthree ratingfour more characters please!
lentwo ratingfour othrwise awsum.
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game on my samsung galaxy s 111 it is so cool.
leneighteen ratingfive i like this version so much also i like the mine so awsome the best on my phone
lenfour ratingfour game mechanics is awesome.
lentwelve ratingfour love the fact that character jumps higher when on an upward slope.
lenthree ratingfour scenery is fabulous.
lenfour ratingfour the mines are brilliant.
lennineteen ratingfour i had just one problem: the monster hides the character when i hit the small obstacles/turn too soon.
lenseven ratingfour this makes it slightly difficult and irritating.
leneighteen ratingfour game plays well up until it starts to lag and does not turn when i tilt my phone.
lentwo ratingfive gud game.
lenfive ratingfive classy game with excellent graphics
lenthirteen ratingfour if you're completed an objective b4 it is set, you should count it.
lenfour ratingfour apart from that 5 star
lentwentyfour ratingthree this version is too eye-dizzy, too many ornaments that make u confuse which one is the obstacles and which one is the road.
lensix ratingthree the camera angle is bad too.
lenfive ratingthree like the original version more.
lenten ratingfour but try to give sensitivity options otherwise nice game :d
lentwo ratingfive chef vijay
lentwo ratingfive coooooolllll timepassssss
leneight ratingfive awesome game.but need some extra gems\life.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenfive ratingone phone hang on start time
leneight ratingtwo what's wrong with the mine cart section?
lenfifteen ratingtwo it hardly registers my swipe when the rail divides, always just keeps on going straight!
lenfive ratingfive best gift on my vacation.
lenseven ratingfive no one game is better than this.
lenfour ratingfive god bless you developers.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
lentwelve ratingone doesn't work at all on samsung infuse with stick froyo kernel.
lensix ratingone just crashes on first title screen.
leneight ratingone never even loads or makes a single sound.
lentwo ratingone pretty lame.
lenfive ratingfive love it to the max.
lenthree ratingone cant play it
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love this!
lennine ratingfive really is a huge improvement from the first one.
lentwentyfour ratingone this game sucks it made my new phone freeze and i had to take my battery out so yea never installing this game again
leneight ratingtwo templr run is much better than temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive love 2 play dis
lensix ratingfive very nice game i love it.
lentwentynine ratingfive game is soooo much better than the first one this one is actually fun and addecting and i like the mine car added in it too a sweet game!
lensix ratingtwo lags on almost 90% of my play.
lenseven ratingfive good game great graphics, its so addictive!
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenseven ratingfour very great game since the first one.
leneight ratingfour so many change in the sequel, and yuupp.
lenthree ratingfive like the 3d feel.
lenthree ratingfive gud job guys!
lennineteen ratingthree how come there is no sensitivity control?i cannot seem to tilt my phone to fully enjoy my game.
lennine ratingthree temple run is a decent timewasting or addictive game.
lenfifteen ratingthree it has a few bugs but still keeps you on the edge of yoir seat
lenthirteen ratingfive there are time that coins meter doesn't absorb the coins you get.
leneleven ratingfive but sometimes, its already filled in the start of the game.
lensixteen ratingfive the coin magnet powerup, it says that it will last longer with 1 gem, but it consumes 2gem.
leneleven ratingfive powerup time does not refresh everytime you got the same powerup.
lenten ratingfive please fix all of them, but overall, it's great!
lennine ratingfive its was really cool game.i really love it:)
leneleven ratingone it keeps on saying package file is invalid.:-( sad pls fix!:|
lenseven ratingfive overall a good game with good graphics.
leneight ratingfive new environment and powerups are a welcome addition.
lenten ratingfive way more intricate gameplay and the graphics are better too.
lensix ratingfour gameplay is better than first one.
lenfour ratingfour ***"same objective shows twice"
lenfour ratingfour isn't fixed completely.
lensix ratingfour i had 500k coins before the update.
lenfifteen ratingfour the first objective was immediately ticked off, the second wasn't (bar wasn't full).
lenseven ratingfour after the update, out still stayed there.
lenseventeen ratingfour also problem with boost powerup ending but speed not falling when on a rope its still there.
lensix ratingfour can't get magnet power up.
leneight ratingfour requirement is level 5, but i am on level 8.
leneight ratingfive this game go hard i love temple run 2 !
lenfifteen ratingfive i can't imagine this game is so cool.my kid usual play this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive much more fun than 1st part.
lenfour ratingfive amazing n very enjoyable
lensix ratingfive just can't stop playing it!
lenten ratingfive the first one was good fun, the 2nd installment is better!
lentwo ratingfive tooooooooo aawweesssoommee!
lenthirtythree ratingthree sometimes it will stall and freeze, and it crashes and erases all the coins you got on your run but still will keep track and deduct how many power ups you've used.
lenfortynine ratingthree therefore you can be on a ten million point run, that took about 7 real time minutes to get to and on that run you used 10 gems and collected almost 8,000 coins, it will crash and you will not have collected those 8,000 clubs but you still will have lost those 10 gems
lenseven ratingfive so awesome, totally addicting and wickedly insane!
leneleven ratingfour really fun game but it has quite a few bugs still.
leneleven ratingtwo it lags and skips on my phone super crazy, really frustrating.
leneight ratingtwo sucks for my phone, fine on my ipod.
leneleven ratingthree dadahaji sgs2 1problam this game colact coins but automitc taking  phowars.pix this
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is simply superb; kudos to the graphics designing team for their splendid work.
lentwelve ratingfive the game in comparision to its previous part has become more challenging.
lenseven ratingfive a must have game in all androids.
lenseven ratingfive its easier than the other imsngi games
lenthirty ratingfour it must be made less sensitive as the character tends to fall while travelling in narrow paths and sometimes it tend to get diverted in midair which is really anoying.
leneleven ratingfour good game but some time its lag plz fix this problem
lensix ratingfive awsome far far btr than temple 1
leneight ratingfive the graphic is awesome, good work templerun team
lenfive ratingfive i always love this game .
lennine ratingtwo the game isn't as engaging as its predecessor.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo the guy doesn't turn sideways even when my phone is tilted fully, and there is no option to change the sensitivity.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting
lensix ratingfive thanks imangi studio for working hard!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfour like in temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive again a best from imangi studio.
leneight ratingfive like dimonds in the slop top is unreachable.
leneight ratingfive jump at the end moment is bit difficult.
lensixteen ratingfive crossing 2 huddle at a time one by one is not possible when the daemon behind you.
lenseven ratingfive need to work towards smoothness like part 1
lenseven ratingthree they kept saying error when i download!
leneight ratingone doesn't run on samsung galaxy tab gt p1000.
lensix ratingone crashes as soon as it starts.
leneleven ratingone also the resolution doesnt seem to be accurate enough for my 7"
lenfive ratingfive this game is very nice
lenthree ratingfive amazingly addictive gane.
lenfour ratingfive runs flawless on my s3
lenfourteen ratingfive superb game made by imangi studios better 2 subway surfers ,temple run 1 and dead trigger
lenfour ratingfive love the up grade.
lenthree ratingfive better movement also
lenseven ratingfive i like it, keep it up guys.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive it is a wonderful game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive nice play i like it
leneight ratingfive very good as compared to the temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfive the features i like that it has different type of paths like rope and the wood cart.
leneight ratingfive this game is superb ever i have seen
lentwo ratingfive bloomin brilliant
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive best casual game of all time!
lenseven ratingfive what a game i can not belive
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive my only complaint is the tilt adjustment.
lenfive ratingfive update: update broke the game.
lenfive ratingfive now fc in the beginning.
lennine ratingfive whatever, im getting a droid dna in few days.
lenthirteen ratingone looks brilliant but on my htc desire z. i've  already reinstalled twice.
lenthirteen ratingone i've been using the original temple  run and that works just fine.
lentwelve ratingone please look into this  and i'll change my rating to 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world!
lentwentysix ratingfive after make world record score in temple run i am sure i ll make in tr2 also ur champion is here     challenge me any time am ready .!
lentwo ratingfour amazing game
lenten ratingfour its slower than the previous version.but interesting over all.:)
lenseven ratingfive its a amazing game with great graphics.
lenten ratingfive awesome game really love it im so addicted to it.
lennineteen ratingfive only prob is the graphics of the people and the fact that the power up button doesnt respond well .
lenfour ratingfive it is great game
lentwenty ratingfive i used to think that number one was boring becuase it was 10 monkes and never had mine carts and stuff
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2?
lenten ratingone downloaded it multiple times  just freezes and restarts my phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is so smooth, and is much more fun than the previous version
lensix ratingfive it's really an excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive it is agood game
lenfourteen ratingone the wont load or do any thing on my samsung.yyy isnt it workin.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this app!
lenfifteen ratingfive it's a really fun and addictive game that you could never get tired of :)
lenfour ratingfive nice game good graphics
lenfifteen ratingthree can't get far because its like lags, freezes and then rushes forward and dies
lensixteen ratingone worst games i have ever played very poor graphics and the tiltcontrol is not very accurate
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive everthing is change batter then temple run .
lenfive ratingfive i wanna give it 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive i like this game thanks
lenthree ratingone this game sucks
lenseven ratingfive just need to get smoother on gameplay
lenfive ratingfive improved stability that's nice.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingone new update sucks!
lenfive ratingone game is obstructin goin slow
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenthirty ratingfive the developers did a great job coming up with a new game that not only lived up to the expectation of the first, but is also significantly better than it.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lentwelve ratingfour the powerups when taken, that effect is dull from the previous one
lennine ratingfive nice game my top score is 3.5 lakhs as on 3-2-2013
lenfour ratingfive awsome game love it
lenthree ratingfive the cool game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive great game for passing some time.
lensix ratingfive best running game .i love itz
lenfive ratingfive but it needs more people
lentwentythree ratingthree good game but with the update came alot of lag that froze my device and made it impossible to actually play the game
lenthree ratingfive awesome game dudes
lenthree ratingfive thiss is great
leneight ratingfive a good game made better and still free.
lenfour ratingfive a good time waster
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing!
lensix ratingfive great graphics and ever so  smooth.
lenthree ratingfour great time killer
leneight ratingfour great game but a little big in size
lensix ratingone lost all my stats after updating. :-(
lentwo ratingfive truly addictive
lennine ratingfive really good game gets addictive??? 1 was super,  its superb
lenfour ratingfive very nyc game addictive:)
lenthirteen ratingfive it's work very smooth in my htc desire c.thx to htc
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics.good environment.amazing game.totally loved it.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive best game on the play store!
lenthree ratingfive best game eva !
leneleven ratingfive i <3 it and i tell my friend all about it :-v
lenfour ratingfive i like this gamee
lennine ratingfive temple run fans won't be disappointed with this.
lenfour ratingfive superb fun and thrill
lenseven ratingfive plz download this it's just epic!
lentwelve ratingfive if u have played the first 1 believe me this 1 is much better!
lentwentysix ratingfour takes a bit of getting used to as lots to see which means you can miss obstacles and rewards but you soon get used to it.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive fun continues.
lensixteen ratingthree the game automatically turns off when the man dies in the game after a long run.
leneighteen ratingthree by collecting same power up when you are using it, it doesnt extend the duration of its run.
leneight ratingfive really addictive so enjoyable everything you would expect
lenthirteen ratingfour now that's an answer from imangi to all the other run games.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game.
lenfive ratingfour only thing is lags sometimes.
lenthree ratingfour temple run 2 rocks :-)
leneleven ratingone unless you have a problem in the game you actually noticed.
lennineteen ratingfive this is the best game ever and i recommend it to anyone any age  hope you enjoy it too :-)
leneight ratingfive i am playing this game instead of sleeping.
leneight ratingfive i love it i cant stop playing it
lennine ratingfive just go for it <3 love playing in my xperia
lensix ratingone the game doesn't function properly.
lenthree ratingfive effects r gud.
lensixteen ratingfive i'm actually surprised that this runs very well on my nexus s. very nice game!
lenseven ratingfive also, could you do some tegra optimizations?
lenfifteen ratingfive it skips some frames on best graphics on my nexus 7 and it really shouldn't
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive!
lentwentyfour ratingfour plx fix the sensors control its too hard -_- if u will fix tht prob i will rat full bt though a vry good game
lenfour ratingfive only one word terrific.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenfortysix ratingfour this is an awesome mixed breed of temple run,subway surfers and railrush.but do: put in more characters and scenarios as they are very boring.plus it would be so funny if one of the characters are some crazy ppl like lady gaga or sommin
lensix ratingfive the game that defines its genre.
lenfour ratingone force closes every time
leneight ratingfive osem game gut unable to download in micromax .
leneight ratingfive other twice simple superb and new amazing adventures.
lenfive ratingfive like the first but better.
leneight ratingfive what i play during lunchtime or at home.
lentwo ratingfive pretty amazing
lentwentythree ratingone i purchased the 50,000 coins, money was taken out of my bank account but haven't got my coins.48 hours and still no coins >:(
lenfour ratingfive awesome game n addictive.
lensixteen ratingfive again the temple run team have done a great job in developing a very good game.
lensix ratingfive however phone gets heated after sometime.
leneight ratingfour try to improve performance on 1 ghz processing phone.
lenthree ratingfour like xperia pro.
lenten ratingfive great to have a game when your on the toilet.
leneight ratingfive awesome pls download as fast as u can
lensix ratingfive cool to tim fot uour life
lensixteen ratingfive still shows 500,000 lifetime coins and 1,000,000 lifetime meters as objectives not completed even tho i completed it.
lentwelve ratingfive it also shows that i completed it in my completed objectives list.
lenten ratingthree why doesn't it plan on my msn wind pad
lenfive ratingfour great distracting from everyday life.
lenfour ratingone pc, error while downloading
lentwentyfive ratingfive i like all the new changes its not just running you get to hop on things and they i a cooler monster running after you
lensix ratingfive i'm totally addicted to it!
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game  :-) interesting and additive; adventurous too.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive pretty good graphics n better action.
lensixteen ratingfive i would say its one of the best mobile games so far n must try it.
lentwentyfour ratingthree it lags pretty badly on the htc one v if it wouldn't lag so much, i would have given it a 5 star rating.
lentwo ratingfive addictive game.
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run!
lensix ratingfive i really like to play it
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive the game has become thougher.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics have also improved.
lenthirteen ratingfive but add the footballer, conquiscatador, and cowboy as well in the character list.
lenthree ratingfour very nice game
lenfour ratingfive runs good great graphics
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the most loving n coolest ever i played ten ster for temple2
lenthirteen ratingfive many ability upgrades compared to temple run 1 means more interest and time spent :)
lentwentyseven ratingfive it has everything i was so surprised by it this game cant get any better it has tons of things and you just cant stop playing it
lenseven ratingfive tried to update but package file invalid? :(
lenthree ratingfive cool game gys
lentwo ratingone suck game.
lenthree ratingfive hahaha loooove it!
lenfour ratingone awesome graphics and gameplay
lenfour ratingfive absolutely amazing  totally addictive!
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive a excellent game so addictive
lenfour ratingfive amazing and addictive game!
lenthree ratingfive best game eva .
lenten ratingfive please improve more on it and make it more exciting .
lenfive ratingfive nice game , just install it
lenseven ratingfive wow its brilliant and fun and hard
lensix ratingone dont open in lg optimus black.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree the game is quite easy to learn and even play but my problem with this game is that every time i score a 20000 the graphics flickers and the responsiveness of the game becomes zero for a few meters.
lensix ratingthree please developer can u check that.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i also wanted to share that its not just with my tab but d same cud be seen on my friends phone.
lenfour ratingfive bestest game i had
lentwelve ratingfive this game is really great, fun to play and sad to leave
lenfive ratingfive good game excellent new feattures
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive love all the characters and the graphics.
lensix ratingfour running pefect on my galaxy tab 8.9.
lenfive ratingfour so ready for next run
lentwentyseven ratingfive it takes time to get used to the game but once you do it will be a time magnet which will make you play again and again
lenseven ratingfive good graphics on my htc one x
lenthirteen ratingfour good variety of obstacles and beautiful graphics but still little or no narrative.
lenfive ratingfour good to pass the time.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i cannot update this games.its giving me 492 error everytime m updating it
leneight ratingfive this is way better than the first game
lenthree ratingfive very nice graphics
lenfour ratingfive very entertaining game :d
lenseventeen ratingone this is a fun game to play, but i purchased some coins & i didn't get them.
lenseven ratingone not happy i want my money back.
lenseven ratingfive excellent game,,,, better graphics n performance than tr1.
lenthirteen ratingfive initially it bt sucks after few games u vl gt used to it.
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics are gr8 and and game is awesome to play much better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive superb gamee
lenten ratingfive best game in the world and better than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingone my phone is android lg.:( but why its not working help me
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenten ratingfive the game is one of the best i've played.
lenthirteen ratingfive probably the best game i have ever played.beware it's really addictive!
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game, just need to turn up tje sensitivity when tilting screen
lennine ratingfive this game is very light and full of adventure.
lennine ratingone y am i nt able to update dis game.?
lenfive ratingfive rockin game ov all tym
lentwentyfive ratingfive superb game.loving it very much.i hope there should be arrow signs at the turning.it is very confusing without them.rest all superb.
lenfour ratingfive best cellphone game ever.
lenfour ratingfive best tenple run yet
lenseven ratingone dsnt get download directly to sd card
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive it's vary nice.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive good game with good graphics
lenfive ratingfour nice game 2 refresh minds. .aussummmmm 1 .!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
leneight ratingfive bt still.may b this game is gud.
lentwelve ratingthree it freezes and the screen goes black and it pauses this is.
lentwentyfour ratingone every time i try to play my phoe viberates nd brings me back to the app store nd i can't play the game
lenfive ratingfive this is evn better thn tr1.
lenfour ratingfive please, add more characters.
lenfourteen ratingone dammit i can't play at all!it always closes itself please fix it!
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive
lenten ratingfive awesome game, really fun to play and quite competitive too.
lenfive ratingfive graphics and gameplay are great.
lentwo ratingfour nyc game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive this game is realy awesome.
lentwentyseven ratingthree this is a good game but it keeps on freezing and it dosent respond to what i and doing most of the time it is very annoying.
lenseven ratingfive good game to play and so enjoyable
leneighteen ratingone so i downloaded it, opened it, and i just went back to my home screen, fix it plz
lenseven ratingfive new stuff makes it harder but better
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game with great graphics and runs good in sony xperia sola
lenfour ratingfour goooood n scary abit
lensixteen ratingfive it's good but gets boring after a matter of time, but i would recommend it.
lenfour ratingfive nice game wonderful graphics
lensix ratingfour nice game and lots of action!
lenseven ratingfour small problem of overheating in the galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive very nice gameeeee.
lenseven ratingfive good update of the device back button.
lenfive ratingfive adding the other star now
lenfour ratingfive fabulous is the word.
lentwentyone ratingfour i will give 5 stars if the  game is not so laggy.this caused me faced  some problem when playing the game .
lenfour ratingfive pakka madarchod game hai
lennine ratingfive um dos melhores jogos que j?joguei do estilo
lennine ratingfour way better than the first, also way more addicting.
lenfour ratingfour just saying be ware.
leneighteen ratingfour o the only reason i didnt give it a 5* rating, its drains the life out of my battery. :-(
lenfour ratingfive awesome time pass game
lenthree ratingfive amazing game ever
lennine ratingfive some lags but its much better than temple run 1
leneighteen ratingtwo i would give it a 5 star but new update stucks at 84% tried updating many times but same problem
lensixteen ratingfive i <3 temple run 2 its so much more exciting with the mine cart ropes and all <3 x 10000000000000000
lenthree ratingfive awesome game.addictive
lentwo ratingfive heavenly excellent
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthree ratingfive muhha so?difficult
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lentwo ratingfive fab game!
lentwentyseven ratingfour everytime i upgrade my abilities with gems whih 1 gem it costs me 2 gems and it is lost after i close the game.i want this part fixed.
lennine ratingfive this is the best game ever in my life!
lentwelve ratingfive thank you so much for letting us use this game for free!
lenfourteen ratingtwo i am finding these types of games are getting more boring by the second.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo the first game was a great hit because it was the start of first person survival running games, but now it is just getting boring.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i would recommend not to get this game but get subway suffers instead.
lensix ratingtwo in my phone it get hanged
lentwo ratingfive intresting game
lenten ratingfive love this game does everything the original foes but better
lenthree ratingone graphics are confusing.
lennine ratingone everything i n the game is of similar shade.
leneighteen ratingfive if there is any contest than plz tell me i love to se imangi studios its my dream
lentwelve ratingfour temple run is so boring   but   temple run 2 is so much better
lenten ratingfour i just downloaded this game a couple of days ago.
leneleven ratingfour game is perfect but updating is like downloading the game twice.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneighteen ratingfive all the screen error problems have been fixed :-) thanks to the developers:-) great work working good :-) best game :-)
lensixteen ratingthree i tried the game on other devices but i cant download it on my own device.
lentwo ratingfive ausome game
lenfive ratingfour nice game with good graphics.
lenfive ratingfour nice to have this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingthree it's very awesome than tr 1, but i hope there'll added sensitivity adjustment soon
lenthree ratingfour exelant time pass
leneleven ratingfive luv it :d and the best part that it's free
lentwo ratingone super hmmmm
lenseventeen ratingfive i really like this games,it's a thrilling and a fun game for people to play
lenfive ratingfive but where is exit button
lenseven ratingfour nice game.and everyone enjoy that game
lenten ratingfive this game is very addictive and very nice to play.
lensixteen ratingone does not work for me, download and stays on the imangi screen until it eventually closes
lenfourteen ratingfour better than temple run 1 but due to cam flash its creates problem in playing.
lentwo ratingfive lovely game !
leneight ratingfive makes me excited every moment i play it
lenfive ratingfour perfect succesor to temple run
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lentwelve ratingfive but wud have loved it more if there were different locations available.
lenten ratingfour thanks a lot imangi and all its developers.great job
lensix ratingfive awsome game, jus need more characters
lenfourteen ratingfour is a great game and i like it as much as the first one.
lentwentytwo ratingfour only thing is it needs more achievements and maybe easier ones as well as the others.otherwise will get boring playing it
lenthirtyeight ratingfive this game is free, it play flawlessly on both of my samsung galaxy note ii & htc sensation xl, nice graphics, but the game is too fast i reckon it should slowdown a bit, it fun all the same.
lenfifteen ratingfour it's quite good but it's basically just temple run with a mine cart !
lensixteen ratingfour theres lag on htc incredible s. even when i put my graphics on good(lowest setting).
lentwelve ratingfour edit: much better now, still a litlle lag but now more playable.
leneight ratingfive great game :d last update significantly improved lag!
lennine ratingfive great to see the developers respond so quick! :d
lenten ratingthree in few runs it shows the distance covered as zero.
lenfive ratingthree but might crossed long way.
lenthree ratingfive very great game
lennine ratingone no funciona, se queda en la pantalla de incio
lenfour ratingfive ist ein tolles spiel
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtythree ratingfour yes yes yes its well mint well done designers and free also wow i woulda give it five but u keep mithering me to rate would be five if u wasnt so persistant
lentwo ratingfive awesome update
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome needs more characters
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice gaming!
lenfour ratingfive its an awsm game.
lenthree ratingfive grt game dude.
leneleven ratingfive temple run is back, beats every other game of this category.!
lennine ratingfive working updates well done imangi  just love the graphics:)
lenthree ratingfive good time pass.
lenthirtyone ratingfour i love everything except for the fact that it often hang up or chop a lot that causes me to either to play again or ended up dead in the game.
lenseventeen ratingthree i really hav problem with the tp2 objectives  the game has been divided in levels pls saparate it .
leneight ratingthree the're s no fun in playing so
lenfour ratingfive bestest game i had
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenfour ratingfive funny and addicting game
lennine ratingfour a good game,but it make my phone hang
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
leneight ratingtwo it closes automatically after the imangi studios logo.
lenfifteen ratingone when it first came or for android i got the game and or played fine.
lentwentytwo ratingone now when i wanna play the imani studio thing or whatever pass up then if takes me back to my home screen!
lenthree ratingfive graphic are nice!
lentwo ratingfive especially, shadows.
lensix ratingfive great obstacles and sometimes confusing ways.
leneight ratingfive work smoothly on xperia go with high setting
lentwentyone ratingfive my phone (its crap, i know. but not that much, it's still dual core) lags on max graphics after 8k metres.
lenten ratingfive is it possible for you to optimise a bit more?
lenseventeen ratingfive doesnt fix my layout screen on my galaxy s advance and my 500k lifetime gold objective doesnt updating
lenfour ratingfive very change than 1 game .
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooooo fun!
lenfour ratingfive fun game.stress relif.
leneight ratingone not good game it dosent let  me open
lenfive ratingfive good graphics and game play
lenten ratingthree but updates take so much space ony htc desire vc
lentwelve ratingfive way better than the first one and great all on its own.
lenseventeen ratingfive i am normally sceptic about a seccond game in a franchise but this far surpasses the first!
lentwentyfive ratingthree very good game but paid for gems money got taken out of my account twice  but i never got them in the game!fix up
lenfive ratingfive it's an awsoome game
lenten ratingfive i think temple run is amazing but part2 is even better.
lenfive ratingfive this app is really cool!
lenfive ratingfour but it makes me dizzy.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfifteen ratingthree after a couple games and no spending my coins went down to 5000, to 2000, and now 615.
lensixteen ratingthree the coins are very buggy as i had more coins then the all time coins collected.
lensix ratingfive temple run 1 was not so good.
lenfive ratingfive the latest version is addictive.
lennine ratingone why cant i install it in my galaxy tablet? :(((
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
leneleven ratingfive game is good graphics are distracting making it difficult and interesting
lenfive ratingfour nice upgrade to temple run 1.
leneight ratingfour if you have liked 1 then you'll love 2!
lenthree ratingfour twice as fun!
lentwo ratingfive cool apps
lentwelve ratingfive when we get a call, the game restart again instead of pause.
lenfour ratingfive need i say more?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingthree it's fun, but it feels a bit unresponsive when turning compared to the first one
leneight ratingfive hood good game i make and i like.99952267337
lenforty ratingthree the game is fun and addictive but in my s3 most of the time is very laggy and you can swipe in the direction you want and the character would keep going straight and not respond to the commands, please fix.
lentwo ratingfive excellent gameplay
lenten ratingfive this is a cool game i like it thumbs up :)
lensix ratingfour more attractive and even addicting me
lennine ratingone the app closes when you want it to open.
leneight ratingthree excellnt game with boombastic graphics and sound qualitu.
lenthree ratingthree a perfect timepass
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics n animation.
lenseventeen ratingfive upgrades section has been copied frm subway surfers though but its much much bettr thn temple run 1
lenten ratingfive awesome graphics i think i'm going to be addicted
lensix ratingfive great game, just one tiny bug?
lenten ratingfive my free stuff was gone before i could redeem them
lenfive ratingfive it's a nice game
lenseven ratingfive but it's not really challenging anymore
leneleven ratingfive nice game waaaaaayyyyyyy better than temple run and subway surfers combine.
lentwelve ratingfive but they did copy subway surfers by the missions they give u.
lenthirtysix ratingone when i click the game it always return to home screen i thought it will be update and i can play but i was wrong fix it plzzzz i want to play this game so much
lensix ratingfive mind blowing game.wid more funn.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfive better upgrades than the first and more fun also.
lentwelve ratingfour what i laughed is that i found out who trained the monkeys.
leneight ratingone very very bad and a boo ring game
lenfour ratingfive this game is sik
lenthree ratingfive best game play.
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics.
lenfour ratingfive teh best game ever
lenthirtythree ratingfive its very addicting, but it has bugs like when theres a half road and you jump it sometimes fall fast in the crack and sometimes go to the edge of the screen xd
lenfive ratingtwo getting crashed after "save me"
lenfive ratingtwo & exited from game, very disappointing.
lenthree ratingfive graphics is great!
lenthree ratingfive gameplay is great!
lenten ratingfive im playin on my sensation xe and it works great!
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi!
lenfourteen ratingfive quality game 5stars play it all the time a must recommend to all android users
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive amazing game.jst in luv wid it
lennineteen ratingtwo this is not as good as the first temple run i didn't see any improvement that were good
lenthree ratingfive wow.deserve  5 stars.
leneight ratingfive i love it and tons of free fun!
lennine ratingfive better than the first and way better than brave!
lensixteen ratingfive this is an amazing game u will luv it if u try it awesome people awesome!
lensix ratingone keeps closing after imangi studios screen.
lenthree ratingfive its reallly amazing
lenfour ratingfive awesome game to play.!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing! ;-)
lentwo ratingone bad game!
lenfive ratingfive amazing game and awesome grafics!
lentwelve ratingfive i can play untill 22357810 only, which pro come n teach me pls?
lenfive ratingfive very bad game and boring
lenfour ratingfour better game  i play
lensix ratingthree game lags which causes game over.
lennine ratingfour game sucks on htc one v pls fix this
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfour ratingfive nice animation and graphics
lensixteen ratingfive best game in playstore and this game is installed in everyone's devices its very popular!
lennine ratingthree i have to delete the game and redownload it.
leneight ratingthree this is the third time im downloadinh it.
lenfifteen ratingthree the second time i like it on facebook and i couldnt open it up again.
lenfourteen ratingthree whenever i'd go to play, it would always go back to my homescreen.
lenfour ratingfive beet game evet :d
lenfive ratingfive this is just addictive fun!
leneight ratingfive big improvement on temple run 1, works well on s2
lennine ratingone installed twice and still doesn't work on sidekick 4g
lenfour ratingfive fun and awesome game.
lenfifteen ratingfive after the last update the game has gone to a level which is called perfect
leneighteen ratingfour waited for temple run 2 from last 2 weeks and now it's released and is awesome then temple run.
leneighteen ratingfour but just the thing is in temple run 2 we can't adjust sensitivity like was in temple run 1.
lennine ratingfour i hope this feature will available in next version
lenthirteen ratingfour because the sensitivity is so low, i cant ever pass the minecart bits.
leneighteen ratingfour why theyd leave out the option to change the sensitivity is beyond me, and rather stupid as well.
lensix ratingfive it's better than temple run.
leneight ratingfive better than end app, amazing visuals, controls, environment.
lennineteen ratingfive temple run was awesome.but temple run 2.has raise the standard of the game.m addicted to this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfour nice game but it should be in hd
lenfour ratingone my phone said"error (498)"
lenten ratingfour i like it's graphics but i like temple run1 more.
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much  :)
lenfour ratingone will not download error 498
lentwelve ratingone tr2 is good and the graffic awesome , but hard to control the move
lenthirteen ratingfive from where can i buy or get a head start in temple run 2 ?
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics great app.
lentwo ratingfive total awesome!
lennine ratingthree this is a nice one game that i play.
lenten ratingthree but on my samsung s advance it feel so weight.
leneleven ratingthree hope can make upgrade that make this game not to weight.
lenfive ratingfive needs better graphics and sensitivity
lennine ratingfive really good for the first time i played it.
lenfour ratingtwo tilt should be improved.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i have to move my htc desire v at 45 and 135 degree to collect coins on left and right ha ha ha.
leneight ratingtwo good news is that the bug is removed.
lenthree ratingtwo graphics is improved.
lenseven ratingfive i hope there will be temple run 3
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lenthree ratingtwo graphics r awesome.
lenfour ratingtwo js gotten ridiculously hard.
lensix ratingtwo i'm js lazy like that.
lenten ratingfive good game and an awesome way to pass your time.
leneight ratingfive once again a good work from imangi studios.
leneleven ratingfour i think it cpuld be much better but dtill very fin
lensix ratingfive this season 2 better then the first
lentwo ratingfive amazing job!
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenthree ratingfive lot of obstacles.
lenfive ratingfive lover it .enjoy to play
lenfive ratingfive a new set of gameplay.
lenfour ratingfive a rush of excitement.
lensixteen ratingfive excellent graphics, though i wish it would not lag on my gadget in high resolution mode.
lenfourteen ratingfive and i wish there's a more direct way of comparing scores with friends.
lenthree ratingfive five stars though.
lentwelve ratingfive the interface is very good and the objective's bug is fixed. :-)
lentwentyone ratingtwo the game had been working fine since past 3 days but suddenly from today morning it says that the app has stopped.
lentwelve ratingtwo pl fix the same asap as i love this game very much.
lenten ratingtwo fix it and i shall give 5 stars for ur response.
leneight ratingfive the last update fixed all of the annoying
lenseventeen ratingone i open the app it goes too the imangi studios logo then back too my home screen.
lenfive ratingone i cant even play it! !
lenfive ratingone i really want this game.
lentwelve ratingfive this app is awesome but a little hard from the temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingfour excellent game.more enjoyable to play.but sometimes its lag on my phone.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive addictive game
lenseven ratingfive it's better than temple run one !
lenfive ratingfive very nice nd gud game
leneighteen ratingone very very bad and a boo ring game as its a very bad game its please change it
lenfour ratingfive its addictive,amazing game
lennine ratingfour it hangs a lot on my galaxy s plus
lentwo ratingfive total unreal
leneighteen ratingtwo omg lost 25k coins  ,because a call came and when i returned didn't continued from where i left
lensixteen ratingfive but only fix the bug which by which the powerup upgrade lasts only for one game
lenfourteen ratingone everytime i open the app,  it pops back to the main screen after 10 seconds.
leneight ratingone please fix it,  i really want this app.
leneleven ratingone ive played it on my dads phone .i love the graphics.
lenten ratingone but i cant get it too load on my android.
lenfour ratingfive very fun great app
lenfour ratingfive good graphics but dangerous
lenfour ratingfive good game.very fantastic
lentwenty ratingfour its great but on the 1000 lifetime points it never updates but keep it up im looking forward to temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingfive it's very much addictive,lag free(in comparison with temple run),great graphics.need more characters.
lenfour ratingfour i like this game .
lenfour ratingfour i want temple run 3 !
lenthree ratingfive excellent app.g8work imagi
lennine ratingthree the game lags too much still need an update
lenseventeen ratingfive i think they should fix the bug that we can go through stuff with out a power
lenthirty ratingthree it's a good game but when i play on apple products it's better on android it glitches to much so if you could fix that it be great.
lenthree ratingfive most addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive marvellos xcellent superb
lenseven ratingfour its a nice game graphics are amazing.
lenten ratingfour personally it adds a new excitement to the original concept.
lentwentythree ratingfour although some things are more strict about it and its a little hard when it comes to the rails, its still crazy fun.
lentwo ratingfive awesum awesum.
lenseventeen ratingfour my samsung duos does not play this game well its always laging ang does not respond sometime
lentwelve ratingthree abit laggy on the htc desire c plz may u fix thanks
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingone it crash on my galaxy s2.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfour ratingfive too awesome a game
lenfive ratingfour great game i enjoy it
lenfive ratingfive it is an eccellent game
lentwentysix ratingthree it's a great game but sometimes it becomes very slow on my galaxy wonder.sooo annoying while i'm trying to make a high score-.-
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenseven ratingfour great but sometimes crashes and i die
lenfortynine ratingfour this game ia my altime favrote game now its in version 2.very good now after heavy score we go to under cave so we can create a new similar game but wid best quality from it e.g rail rush u can create this game by the cave idea.
lenfour ratingfive it's like 3d game
lenfourteen ratingtwo the whole point of his update was to stop lagging, now its even worse!
lentwo ratingfive super-strong
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwentythree ratingfive what a nice game, first time i played it, i starting headache beacouse the road, but really, its nice :d must download it !
lensix ratingthree but new levels should be introduced!
leneleven ratingfour it's even better than the original and it looks beautiful
lentwentytwo ratingfive i think that the game really improve over the past few months but this one is my favorite outta every temple run
lensix ratingfive always a fan of temple run.
lentwenty ratingfive hi guys this is ifra aabid i'll play this game in spice mobile mi 425 it's work vry gud.
leneleven ratingfive this is one of the best games i have ever played
leneight ratingfive it's just awsm luv this game.<3 :-d
lenthirteen ratingone its the worst update ever to an already perfect game like temple run 2.
lenfifteen ratingone jst updated it on my samsung galaxy ace plus and the graphics have become bad.
lentwentyeight ratingone the coins are gettin collected slower with very slow animations and there seems to b a minute decline in the quality of graphics n speed of the game.
lensix ratingone plz fix dis asap imangi guys.
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lennine ratingfive i love it, way better than the first one
lenthree ratingfour balle-balle yaaro
lenseven ratingone this sucks everytime i open temple run2 it.
lennineteen ratingone frezzes right when i open it i through they would it fix it with the update they just put
lenten ratingfive best game in all android games keep it up man,.
lenseven ratingfive cool five stars better than the first
lenthirtyfour ratingfive would've thought the stats page would be improved from the first one though - an average score stat would be nice, or at least total lifetime score so we can work an average out
lentwentytwo ratingone everytime i go to open it it dosent work it just keeps shutting off i even undownloaded it and re downloaded it!
lentwentytwo ratingone i dowloaded it twice.n after a couple of hours it doesnt work.great game but has many problems.please fix it
lensix ratingfive good.but a little bit slow
lenfourteen ratingthree this game is ok. it doesn't have as many features as temple run
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
leneighteen ratingfive if you are getting tenple run 2 and you never played temple run then it is not for you.
lenten ratingfive the reason is it haves a lot more going on.
lenfive ratingfive its a lot of fun.
lensix ratingfive temple run2 is the best game ever 10/10
lenthirteen ratingfive what can be said about this game that hasn't be said yet?
lentwo ratingfive absolutely great.
lenfive ratingfive runs smoothly for most part.
leneight ratingfive i've experienced lag only once or twice.
lenfive ratingone not running on motorola defy mb525
leneight ratingfive somehow tilt won't work on my tablet.
lennine ratingfive tried playing panda run to see if it works.
leneleven ratingfive only on this app so far that tilt don't work.
lenthree ratingfive however nice app
lenthirtyone ratingfive i played this game on other peoples phone and loved it but when i installed it to my phone it stayed on the main screen and wouldn't let me play
leneleven ratingone it always crashes as its loading on my lg optimus black
lenfive ratingfour good improvement over original game.
lennine ratingfour still has some bugs though, but they are minor.
lentwo ratingfour highly recommended!
lenten ratingfive wow this cool new game is asome download it now
lenfifty ratingone u like the area in the game to shake when ur phone vibrates and make  you mess up or if you like saveing up ur gold to buy a new character but then find that that time when it was giving u a 'free' headstart it actually used your gold!
lennine ratingone or mabey u want to pause the game huh?
lenseventeen ratingone it will let you but when u push resume it blocks u from playing so you die!
leneighteen ratingfour far better than first version with excellent graphics,exiting challenges.but lacks contrast between objects and the background.
lenfour ratingfive best game on android
lenfour ratingfive i hate this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive everytime i go to play in on my samsung infuse it won't pull up.
leneight ratingfive i like this game,like the real image! ?:-)
lentwenty ratingfive i love the game  i play it on my daughters ipad now   i only wish  ican get it on mine
lennineteen ratingtwo the game works but when i start playing the game just zoom in and i cant really see.help!
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lensixteen ratingfive i love how the path curves when you run and how you tide in mine carts!
lennine ratingfive the zip lines are very fun and interesting too!
lenfourteen ratingfour this is a great game but even after the update some issues still exist.
lentwentynine ratingfour for example, when using the coin magnet power up (that you get through coins) then you get the regular floating coin magnet, it doesn't last its regular course.
lenseven ratingfour other small issues like thus also exist
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooooo addictive
lentwo ratingfive perfect game
lenseven ratingone is that can't support my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfive i'm jk the gs4 doesn't excist anyway it runs nice on my gs3
lentwo ratingfive nyc game.
lentwelve ratingfour cool only that temple run graphics were better these graphics are confusing
leneleven ratingfive i love this game, it's better than the 1st temple run.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome .
lenthirteen ratingfive what a creativity keep it up and keep rocking with more newer version
lentwentyfour ratingtwo the graphics and look of the game are nice and all, but the responsiveness and accuracy of my swipes are horrific on my nexus 7.
leneight ratingtwo so bad to the point that its unplayable.
lentwentyone ratingtwo for example, i'll swipe right 3 times so that i avoid the dead ebd, but nothing will happen.please fix this
lenfive ratingfive this version 2 is a killer.
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphic and new challenges.
lenfourteen ratingfour although   it's a   little  long but  its awesome   and   my  highest   score  was 418 ,322
lenfour ratingfive awesome game played ever
lennineteen ratingfive this is definately an improvement from the first one and it runs better for me than the first one.
lensix ratingfive mast game h.better more than 1st
lensix ratingfive takes so much time to download.
leneight ratingtwo it will not load on the droid charge.
lenfive ratingtwo it just say imagi studios.
lenthree ratingtwo very sad app.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfour ratingfive better than the regular
lenten ratingfive really like the temple run 2 it hard but it fun
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game it is so much better than the first version!
lennine ratingfive i love that u can save yourself with jems.
leneight ratingfive you can find the jems on the course!
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game.
leneight ratingfive i absolutely love the new temple run game.
lensix ratingfive it's fun, challenging and addictive.
lentwelve ratingone i cant play on my android it freezes at the loading screen
lenseven ratingfive thus way better than the first awesome
lentwentytwo ratingthree no response occasionally when i want to jump or turn,is there a sensitivity meter i can change like the first one
lentwentyfive ratingone everytime i try to play on my motorola triumph i open it and it gets no further then the imangi screen and just exits out!
lenten ratingthree and also power meter is not increasing when taking coins
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive temple run is my ish!
lenthree ratingfive i ? temple run!
lentwenty ratingone wont let me play it just closes out i uninstalled it and reinstalled it like 15 times what do i do
lenthree ratingfive pls more adventure
lentwo ratingfive superb timekiller
lennine ratingfive its fun to play and     and awesome to play
lennine ratingfive the game play is good, as well straight forward.
lentwentysix ratingfive though i would like a little variety in the beginning of the game as well, maybe stay off on the chase in the mines or something.
lentwentythree ratingfive there graphics do glitch just a tad during turns occasionally, more details on that i experience it more.do i can help out.
lentwo ratingone fudoo game
leneight ratingfour very nice and this time has good features .
lensix ratingfive better graphics and just plain addictive
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenten ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix
lenthree ratingfive love the game !
lennine ratingfive just wish you could move on to other levels.
lenfive ratingfive its much bttrcthn old version
lenfive ratingfive keep making games like these !
lentwentyseven ratingfour even when we remove the music and the sound, we still get sound in the menu while clicking and during the game, the sound of him running.
lensix ratingfive all in this game is great.
lennine ratingfive i wish objective can be passed with some coins.
lenfive ratingfive speechless, great gameplay,  great graphics!
lenten ratingfour still need tilt sensitivity option n fix jumping off sideway
leneight ratingthree it's ok,but its easier to die!
lenthirtysix ratingthree and i just really don't like like i will play for like 30 seconds and all the sudden i turn a corner and that thing chases me and i turn again and i'm dead! :-l
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfive ratingfive ammazing game worth to dnlod
lenten ratingthree force closes very frequently on my device(xperia neo l).
leneight ratingfive it takes long to download but its fun
lenthree ratingfive best running game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lenfive ratingfive its more exciting and adventurous.
lensix ratingfive although isnt the theme hercules temple?
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingfive well updated just needs to change locations like subway surfer
lentwentyseven ratingone when i swipe a certain way he do the opposite sometimes n it laggs/pauses n wen it do jump back on track im dead please fix
leneleven ratingfive except that level feature than the last edition of temple run
lenfive ratingfour its fun.passes the time
lenthree ratingfive im so mad
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenthree ratingfive great job guys!
lenten ratingfive u ppl have taken mobile gaming to the next level.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the sequel is surely better than the original temple run, just a little bit of improvement is required with the tilt senstivity.
lenfour ratingfive rest is top notch!
lensix ratingfive didnt run that smoothly needs upgrades
lenten ratingfive if u have the note 2 put it in full graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive really fun but waste my battery
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome so i'm going to give it five stars.
leneleven ratingfive great improvement from the first one, runs super well as well
lentwentytwo ratingtwo every time i get coins i lose them.like i go up to three thousand coin and then i losse them all.
lenseven ratingfive it is so cool i love it
lenseven ratingfour its a demerit otherwise everything is beautiful.
lennine ratingfive the new update fixes bugs in my xperia sola.
lenseven ratingfive thanks now i can play the game
leneleven ratingfive it's good, but i think the shield also also "protect"
lenfifteen ratingfive you from missed corners, so that if you forget to turn, it automatically turns you
lennineteen ratingthree i make a run and collect 1000 coins i run again and when i look i only have 200 some coins.
lensixteen ratingfive the udate fixed the problem which my samsung galaxy ch@t suffered.it has a 320x240p resolution.
lennine ratingfive thank u @kshepherd fr d update.its running awesome.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingone app does not open on my phone.
lentwo ratingone hugee disappointment! :(
leneleven ratingfour if your device is supported the game is addictive otherwise sorry
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive cry nyc
lenfive ratingfive more challenging and super fun
lentwentyfour ratingfour better than many paid games, but still bug, my lifetime meters is over 1m but the circum navigator objective (1m life time meters) is still exist.
lentwo ratingfive soooooooooooooooooooooo awesome
leneight ratingfour njoyd playing it.mch btr than temple run 1
lentwenty ratingthree over all amazing game.those mines and stuff are cool.but it.freakin lags alot on my arc s damn!
lennine ratingfive a really awesome game that i would recommend playing.
lenfive ratingfive it really phases the time!
lentwentyeight ratingfive it is like the first temple run but a little different instead of 3 little monkeys running after us it is just 1 big huge monkey it is just awesome
lenten ratingfive aga harbi zor yapm?s?n?z ama guzel oyun
lennine ratingthree i had 2000 coins and now i have only 200 anymore ?
lenfive ratingfive it's amazing   and excellent ********
lenthirtyseven ratingfour its like perfect i played it on my note 10.1 it worked very nicly but does not work on my older galaxy player5.0 it also worked on the nexus 7 but does not work on older devices please fix that.
lenfour ratingfive real good and fun
lenthirteen ratingone please fix the issue it isn't working after the previous update too .
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lensixteen ratingfive xtremly gud graphics new things 2 explore if ure going 2 download it i must say do it
lentwo ratingfive soooo addictive!
lenthirteen ratingfive plz short out the issue abt adjusting sensitivity which will make it 100% perfect
lentwelve ratingfive this is better then going in a straight line all the time.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love tbos version,i just wish it didnt lag when its starts going; galaxy s3
lenfour ratingfive thiz game to cool
lensix ratingfive i love this game,really cool
lenthree ratingfive good time waster.
lenseven ratingfour better and more exiting than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive great and addictive!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneight ratingfive love it much better than the first one
lentwo ratingfive excellent job.
lenten ratingfive i was thinking ,how they will continue after previous one.
lenseven ratingfour needs better graphics and sensitivity like temple run1. :-)
lenthirteen ratingone when i tap on the game it closes before i can start playing.
lentwenty ratingfive really awesome because yeah the graphics are good the objectives are good the path is good and 10 stars to imangi
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive best game ever but its kinda long
lenfour ratingtwo force closes too much!
lenthree ratingfive bikin deg degan.
lenfour ratingfive works better samsng galax s3 .
lensixteen ratingtwo my temple run 2 is not responding its a great game it just stop working on me
lensixteen ratingfour i have updated this app but still it shows the objectives which i have completed already .
lensix ratingfive favorite game on the app store
lentwo ratingfive poke mon
lenten ratingthree better graphics than the first and more fun game play.
lentwelve ratingthree big problem is that it keeps losing the coins i've earned.
lennine ratingthree can't buy upgrades because my coins keep disappearing.
lennine ratingfive its so much fun n entertain me for hrs
lenthree ratingfour yeah really fun.
lenseven ratingone quite laggy even on high end devices
lensix ratingfive is alsome u should try it
lenthree ratingfive best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
lenfive ratingone dosent even load the game
leneight ratingfive one of the best game in smartphone history
lenthirtyone ratingfive this app is ohh sooo awesome hint:you can slide it at the turns a little before and you can dunk or jump over fire!hope my hints are helpful .bye!:);)
lentwentyeight ratingfive my samsung is galaxy player but when i download it finnish i lauch the game the a wait and then it out i do not know what happens.
lenthree ratingfive waiting  for  temple run3
lenseventeen ratingfive so much better than the original but sometimes it lags out and i end up falling dx
lenseventeen ratingfive if your reading this thank you firstly its my favrioute game but it only has one problem.
lenthirteen ratingfive that is sometimes when i jump the player jumps out of the map.
leneighteen ratingfive but other than that my high score is 13,257,456 i recommend you to download it if you haven't :-)
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwentyseven ratingfive just nit-picking here, the game doesn't let you get achievements ahead of time, and after about 10,000 meters the speed makes the mine cart sequence impossible.
lenseven ratingfive i miss the triple coin magnet. :c
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive way more adventures than the first
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive wat a game. . .
leneleven ratingfive super, fantastic 3d effective animation surely do addict to play this game.
lenfive ratingfive it include tons of fun
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy the game.
lenfour ratingfive the next birds game!
lenfive ratingfive so addictive mst mst download
lenseven ratingfive gr8 better on all accounts then temple run.
leneight ratingfive ek tarfa hai ek bar jarur try karna.
lentwentyfive ratingfour it improves on the first in almost every way, i just don't like how i can only get the three objectives that are shown.
leneighteen ratingfour one example, i got 5000 meters twice in a row before getting the objective telling me to do it.
lensix ratingtwo i like the first one better.
lenten ratingtwo this one is always freezing up and lagging so much!
lenthirteen ratingtwo if it didn't lag and had better graphics it would be good!
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game but i wish we could create our own characters.
leneleven ratingfive that would be fun!other than that it is super fun!
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!:)
lenfive ratingfour my double tap wont work
lenseven ratingfive it is amazing i love it :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) b-)
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthirteen ratingfour it is a pretty good game but it needs to add more  characters
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentythree ratingone game sucks always cheats me out with a lag i would put 0 stars but google play is so retarded they only allow one
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lentwentytwo ratingfive on the other temple run 1 people would get mad because they died, but now you have a chance to save your life.
lensix ratingfive this game was an amazing improvement.
lenseven ratingfive congratulations to you people who did it.
lenthree ratingfive amazing and hilarious ;-)
leneighteen ratingfour coin magnet doesnt work, just sends me to pay for more coins is there anyway to fix this.
lentwelve ratingfour it's a great game, but not all of it is available
lensix ratingfive this is nicr time pass game
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game i would give it three thumbs up and i dont even have three thumbs up
lenthirteen ratingfive ii loved temple run 1 and i think that temple run 2 os even better!
lennine ratingfive o my gosh this game is so freaking addicting
lenseven ratingfour want an update to connect wit facebook.
lentwo ratingone stats reset.
leneight ratingone starts on tutorial then on death game freezes
lenfourteen ratingfour awesome but it won't save my money when ever i finish a game
lensixteen ratingfive great game pretty much more improvement of the first but it eats plenty of my battery .
lenten ratingfive too bad :(( i hope in updates it will fix it
leneight ratingfive so much cooler than the 1st one and addicting
lenfive ratingfive super cool game my peps
leneleven ratingfive i can't even begin top explain how awesome it is.
lenten ratingfive i've been playing this nonstop my grades are dropping.
lenfive ratingfive awesome.i can't stop.
lenthree ratingfive i need help
lensix ratingthree ok but a bit same same
lenfifteen ratingfive and it is more colourful and is not boring to play unlike the previous version.
lenthree ratingfive overall good game.
leneight ratingfour so addicted and fun can't stop playing
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is soo addicting and not so similiar to the first one!
lenfour ratingfive superb htc one x
lenfive ratingfour hello i just met you
leneleven ratingone good game untill i got frozen i can't play anymore.
lentwo ratingone im uninstalling.
lennine ratingfour can it add the leader boards  feature like ios?
lenfour ratingfour i love this gamr.
lenfive ratingfour way better than the original :)
leneight ratingfive this game runs smooth as butter on my s3.
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lensixteen ratingtwo when i open it it just sits at the imangi studio screen then exits by itself.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i have played it on a friends phone and it is fun but.
lenfive ratingfive love thiis game so much ? ;)
leneleven ratingfive it is a really good game i recommened it to everyone
lensix ratingone not running on samsung galaxy tab 1 .
lenfour ratingone crashes at the start.
leneleven ratingone devs plz fix this and i will improve the ratings,cheers
lenfifteen ratingfour it is a ton of fun, but i paid $10 and its for nothing so far.
lenseven ratingfour please fix before i beat the game.
lenseven ratingone the game doesnt work on my phone
lenseven ratingfour i wish it had the football player.
lenfour ratingfive i luv temple run 2 :)
leneleven ratingfive from what i heard it is great i give it  5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive excelent grafics,,,,,
leneleven ratingone have 800000, still it says to complete 500000 coins, even after new updat
lenfive ratingfive the most funniest game ever
lentwelve ratingtwo i was enjoying this game until the game stopped working all together.
lentwelve ratingtwo now i have lost all my characters, gold coins and power ups!
lenfour ratingtwo hours down the drain.
leneight ratingfour its the  good game& graphic .i like it
leneight ratingfive i love the new scene and new obstacles
lentwelve ratingfour i think having zip lines and mine carts made the game better
lenthree ratingfive vry nyce game
lenfourteen ratingfive an excellent game definitely worth five stars (but a little harder than temple run)
lenfour ratingfive very great  this game :)
lentwo ratingfive great gamee.
lenfourteen ratingthree whenever i close the game and then open it again, it resets my progress.
leneight ratingthree frusterating because i can't keep my upgrades.
lenthree ratingfive wonderful game play
lennine ratingfive its to diffrent from temple run1 but ots the best
lentwo ratingfour gud game.
lennine ratingfour nice but, the game will auto close down sometime.
lensixteen ratingfour and it will get bugged like when you jump it flew you to outside and died.
lenfifteen ratingfour also please make the tint more sensitive, it hard to make fast turn in dungeon.
lenten ratingfour please provide sensitivity option in settings as in temple run 1.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree graphics level on best is beautiful & the game is extremely fun.but since the update it has started to lag a bit and that has caused me to lose on multiple occasions
lenseven ratingfive it's much smoother & fixed some bugs.
lenthirteen ratingthree will not let me turn can you help me please send me tips.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneleven ratingfour it is one of the best android game i have played.
lennine ratingfour however it has some negative points in this game.
lentwentyone ratingthree this is a great game but the new update caused a bunch of lag problems for my phone please fix soon!
lentwelve ratingfive plz put zack wonder in the game he's my favorite character
lennine ratingthree so it's more, and a better, temple run.
lenthirtyone ratingthree the thing is, it desperately needs a tilt sensitivity slider, on my phone i sometimes have the screen almost facing away from me to get to the edge on the tracks.
lenfortytwo ratingthree and the big one, right now there is an incredibly annoying bug, that is frustrating to no end, where if you pick up a power up towards the end of having that power up, it isn't resetting the power up clock.
lentwelve ratingfour this game has fast paced action that keeps you up at night.
lentwelve ratingfour also has levels so you don't repeatedly play over and over.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome grafics
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfourteen ratingfour its a really fun game but sometimes its really hard to finish a level
lentwo ratingfive time killer
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lennineteen ratingone earlier it was so good to play but since this update came , it is freezing so much.plz fix. :(
lensix ratingfour love temple run, also love this!
leneleven ratingfour feels like temple run, still different than it in many aspects!
lenseventeen ratingfour thank you my only problem is that, i sometimes get sound sluttering which makes the game lag!
lenfive ratingfive lil b is my friend
lenfourteen ratingfour very good game but i just wish that u can fix the lagging issues
lennineteen ratingfive this game is one of the most addictive games i have played and definently better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive best game app
lentwentyone ratingfive my phone (its crap, i know. but not that much, it's still dual core) lags on max graphics after 8k metres.
lenten ratingfive is it possible for you to optimise a bit more?
lenseven ratingfive luv this 1 better then the 1st temple run
leneight ratingone these updates have made the game even worse.
lensix ratingone it lags even more then before.
lenthirtythree ratingtwo i played this game on other peoples phone and loved it but when i installed it to my phone it stayed on the imagi screen and just went back to my home screen
lenten ratingfour the sensitivity on android isn't as good as ios.
lenfive ratingfour which is quite annoying actually.
lenfour ratingfive just love this game!
lenfour ratingfive great game no problems
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lennine ratingone always crashes every time i try to open it.
leneleven ratingone it always crashes as its loading on my lg optimus black
lenfour ratingfive very fun good graphics
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfour i just wish that i didn't have to start over as much.
leneight ratingfour other than that i can't stop playing.
lensix ratingfive really good graphics and very adictive.
lenthree ratingfive deffinatly recomend it.
lenfive ratingtwo crashes on the samsung infuse.
lenthree ratingtwo wont even load. :(
lenfourteen ratingone i got a at&t thrill and every time i try to play it.
lennine ratingone it just takes me to my home screan why?
leneleven ratingone please fix it because the game looks really fun to play.
lenten ratingone and i would like to be able to play it :(
lensix ratingfive the best game in the world
lenfive ratingfive game gone to superb standard
lenseven ratingfive really gr88 m njoying dis game a lot.
lenfifteen ratingfive have so many new things and a lot of new adventure in dis new version.
lentwo ratingfive aaaawesome fun
lenseven ratingfive the amount of upgrades available is ridiculous! :)
lentwentyfive ratingthree would give a 5* if the graphics would be still amazing and something horrific monster as to get some fear by him and his terrible voice .
lensix ratingthree on the other side, amazing game .
lentwelve ratingthree try beating one's score and be a master of temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive suprb game
lentwentyone ratingfive from the rail road to the running this game has some more difficult and more exciting attributes than its previous title
lennineteen ratingthree i will be at 2,000 coins and i will lose and before i run again it would say 1,040 or something.
lenfive ratingthree how am i losing coins?
leneleven ratingthree i like the game but i want to buy other characters.
lenfourteen ratingfour great game but needs tilt sensitivity option that the original had.with that 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive more vivid than tr 1
lenthree ratingfive great game perfect
lentwentyfour ratingone everytime i try to download it, it won't let me it says error 498 hope you can fix this so i can play  soon
lenten ratingfive classic game just donload and then ull not regret it
lentwentysix ratingfour the game is really good but it keep on lagging.also when jump and there is a gap and just make it my character just falls
lensix ratingfour tilt sensitivity is a bit low.
lentwentythree ratingfour and one objective error is that i scored 1000 plus coins in one run and only 750 coins objective disappeared and 1000 coin objective was there.
lenseven ratingfour otherwise much better than the former one
lenthree ratingfive download it, totally!
lenfive ratingfive i play it every day!
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics!
leneight ratingone this is the stupidest game on any market.
lenten ratingone i had 22,000 coins and it took away 20,000 for no reason!
lentwo ratingfive nice game ?
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing
lentwelve ratingone it freezes on the screen and sends me to my home page
lentwelve ratingone please fix the lag issue on galaxy s3 it's skips lags freezes,
lenthree ratingfour bak of awesomeness
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lensix ratingfour wayyyy better than the first one  (:
lennine ratingthree good game but can be a little lagy sometimes
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphic.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive love itt !
lentwelve ratingfive it's the best and most addicting game i've ever played.
lenten ratingfive i love this game and will continue to play it!
lennine ratingone the game is not working, crashes after long loading
lenfour ratingthree excellent sequel full marks!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone it is much better then temple run.
lennine ratingone it is much more funner then the other one
lenthree ratingfive great app expansion
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original!
lenfive ratingfive realy cool lots of  obstacles
lennineteen ratingone soooo disappointed.ive downloaded and uninstalled this second version sooo many times.please fix for galaxy s1 tmobile users.#%life
lenthirtyeight ratingfour this game is immensely better that its prequel but the sensitivity is too low even when on its highest, causing me to literally turn my phone 90?until it's horizontal to get the character to tilt/collect coins.
lennine ratingfive great game, addicted to temple run all over again
lentwentyfour ratingfour this game is awesome but im having a problem with the tilt sensitivity on my sony mobile,it's very slow ,please fix it :(
leneight ratingfive amazing, better than the first, fresh new area!
lenfive ratingfive you won't be disappointed.
leneleven ratingone it will let me download, but it wont let me play.
lenten ratingone it will go back to my homescreen instead of playing.
lennine ratingone after the update it still wont let me play!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive almost missed my bus a couple of times because i was too focused.
lenseventeen ratingthree because there is sooooo much lag in this game you will die a lot for no reason.
lennineteen ratingtwo i would have give a 4 or 5 but the latest update has caused it to start crashing, never used to.
lentwelve ratingone i've played this on my girlfriend's iphone and loved it!
lenten ratingone however it won't even start on my samsung infuse 4g.
lensix ratingone it flashes the logo and freezes.
lenten ratingone my stars will go up as the game gers fixed
leneleven ratingfour i'll rate it 5 star when you fixed all the bugs.
lenthree ratingthree amazing so fun!
lentwelve ratingfive fantastic work no words to say must rate game what a creativity
lenseventeen ratingtwo i am a huge fan of temple run but this one seems to have released too early.
lentwelve ratingtwo i cant back out of settings unless i force close the app.
lentwentythree ratingtwo also it lags and glitches at time and i have the galaxy note 2 with a quad core processor which doesnt lag anywhere else.
lensixteen ratingtwo last of all it randomly deleted all of my achievements and made me start all over.
lenten ratingtwo i will be watching for updates while playing temple run 1!
lenten ratingfour the additions like the minecart definitely add to the game
lentwo ratingfour awesome thrill
lensixteen ratingthree constantly lags if this issue was fixed the game would be amazing and get full stars
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics and no bugs.
leneight ratingfive but i would like some more interesting characters
lenfive ratingfive waiting for the next sequel
lensix ratingfour good game with a new look.
leneight ratingone fix for 5 will not open on samsung infuse.
lentwo ratingone highly dissapointed.
lenseven ratingfive its so much better then temple run.
leneleven ratingfive must download and if once played it is like an addiction
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive doesn't work in mine  just the istudios come and the app closes .
lenfourteen ratingfive so .but when i played it in my tab the game is simply osm
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!(:
lenten ratingfour it is too good, but getting struck frequently for android 4.1
lenfour ratingfive make me addictive.thanks
lenfive ratingfour needs more update but good
lentwo ratingthree otherwise awesome.!
lentwo ratingfour fast past.
lenfour ratingfour cant do mine cart
lenthree ratingfive first time playing.
lenfive ratingfive this is a hard game.
leneleven ratingfive in my opinion this game is much better than temple run 1^~^!
lenfour ratingfive execlent i love it
lentwentyseven ratingone it sucks because it doesn't work on my tablet and i teally wanyed to play it all my friends at school is always talking about it )-;
lenfive ratingfive i especially like the mine.
lenseven ratingfour what an improvement, visually and content wise.
lenthirty ratingfour if i may,when i tried my first boost, i honestly expected the rope to be extended, not just a simple boost, and what happened to the coin magnet multiplier?
leneight ratingfour now it's just an increase in length.
lennine ratingfour love the levelling up system, and the mine carts!
lenfive ratingfive overall a really good game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive better than temple run one because out is in 3d and has dimensions.
lenfour ratingfive it is truly awesome!
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game!
lenthree ratingone no facebook connectivity?!?!?
lensix ratingone doesn't even deserve one star!
lensixteen ratingfive the game was crashing at first but after the latest updates it works like a charm.
lenthree ratingfive fun scenic run
lentwo ratingfive greaaaat game!
lentwo ratingfive def download
lenthree ratingfive title described all
lennineteen ratingfive i give it a five because it is much awesomer  than temple run 1 and because it gives you challenges
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennineteen ratingthree this game is fun but the sensitivity for moving left and right (not turning) is pretty bad and slow
lenseven ratingfive very good game.betr then temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive even better than the brilliant original.
lenfour ratingfive endless hours of enjoyment
leneleven ratingfive i csnt believe it's more addictive than thr first one
lenseven ratingfive i am so addicted to this game!
lennine ratingfive this is one of my favotite games  to playy .
lenfive ratingfive my high score is 8 million !
lenfive ratingfive im so afdicted to it .
leneight ratingone it wont even freakin download on my phone
lenthirteen ratingfour i love the new game the hang glide & cart parts are my favorite !
lenthree ratingfive very awesome game!
lennine ratingone after this update all of my data has gone.
lenseventeen ratingthree this game was fine fir weeks then an update pushed to it and now it force closes
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfour love, what awesome graphics.
lenfive ratingfive it is a fantasting game
leneight ratingfive love the new version  it's very addicting.
leneighteen ratingfive the only problem i have is the update it won't download, i have an htc one vx
leneleven ratingfive it is a very fantastic game i like it very much
lennine ratingone freezes on the start up screen on my lg
lenfive ratingfour its so awesome t play.
lenten ratingfour to compare with temple run 1 its so amazing t play.
lennine ratingfive a amazing and simple game that is so addictive!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentytwo ratingfour i can play any game fine without a problem including temple run 1, but this game lags far to much to play it.
lenfifteen ratingfour i always die due to lag and nothing else and i really wanna play it
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingthree my game keeps lagging, very hard to play the game overall.
lennineteen ratingthree furthermore, downloading and updating is proving to be difficult as i keep getting a 'package file is invalid' error.
lennineteen ratingthree the only way to update this app on my phone is to delete the entire app and reinstall it.
lennine ratingfive its exciting and it is sweet awesome and cool
lenthree ratingfive cool game :d
lenfive ratingtwo the game is so fun.
lennine ratingtwo if its not fixed in a week im uninstalling.
lenthirteen ratingfive need lot more other riding like train like thing introduced in this 2nd part.
lensixteen ratingfour i didn't put it 5 stars because sometimes it dosnt go when i want it to
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive this is now the best game on android and its way better than temple run 1 and i'm addicted i can't stop playing it i charge my phone up just to play this lol #excellent
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lensix ratingone this carp heap ruined my life
lentwentyseven ratingfour the only thing that bugs me is that around 1000 meters it renders my screen unusable and i have to lock and unlock my phone to regain usage.
lenthirteen ratingfour it makes the game so much worse when it's amazing. -samsung  mesmerize
lentwentyseven ratingone this games is terrible it won't even open on my phone all it does is shoe the imangi logo and sends me to my home page
lenfive ratingone the game have high sentivity.
lenten ratingone and the game have a lot of failture ib designing.
lenseven ratingone any way no sooo amazing like tr 1
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best game ever!
lennineteen ratingfive the grafics are so good and everyone i know has this game and say its the best game ever!
lenseven ratingfive too much fun for a free game.
lenthree ratingfive props to imangi!
lenfourteen ratingfour its is a very fun and adventerous game but not better then temple run 1
leneight ratingfour this awesome stupid game just stopped on me.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game because it has a better graphic and more adventure !
lenthree ratingfive nice &gorgeas game
lenfourteen ratingone i can't get on jr. it shuts off before i can play it
lenseven ratingfive excellent improvements on an already fun game!
lenfive ratingtwo the game lags so much.
lennineteen ratingtwo you can't even play it for long because it lags and you crash and you have to restart!
leneleven ratingtwo fix the bug and i will give it a five star
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1!
lennine ratingone it wont work.doesnt even go to the gameee):
lenfive ratingfive keep up with great job!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive it's essay better than the temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfour at random times it just freezes while running plz fix!
leneighteen ratingthree tilt a lil not sensitive.overall sensitivity issues.that's all and that's why the three stars
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive highly highly recommended and addictive
lennine ratingfour i think this games better than temple run one
lensix ratingone it freezes at 3 million everytime.wtf!
lenfourteen ratingone and there are some obsticles that are impossible when there are 2 in a row.
lenseventeen ratingone i  have an android samsung galaxy  tablet and i  can't download the game on  my tablet!
lennine ratingone this is freaking  bogus and i'm highly upset!
lentwentyeight ratingfive it won't go pass imangi studios screen and i cant play it on my htc evo 4g it will be really nice if u guys could fix this.
lenthree ratingfive bahli kaim aa
lentwo ratingfive mind-blowing
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
leneight ratingfive its amazing.wow.i love it.great edition!
lentwo ratingfive awesomely cool
lensixteen ratingfive better than the 1st but there's a glitch that when you swipe it becomes  a glitch
lenfifteen ratingtwo bought coin doubler for $5 and as far as i can tell it doesnt double anything.
lenthree ratingtwo they refuse refund.
leneight ratingfive i love this new version of temple run!
lensix ratingfive the new scenery makes so realistic!
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and runs flawlessly.
lenfive ratingfive love the mining train cars.
lennineteen ratingfive i'm almost ashamed to admit i'm addicted to this game, (43yr old mother of 4!) i even brought coins!
lenfourteen ratingfive the only problem is the lag on my phone (zte) got worst after update.
leneight ratingfive i have faith u guys will fix it.!
lennine ratingfive one of the best games i have ever played!
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i have completed an achievement but the progress bar of the achievement is stuck.and it is not increasing.also my multiplier won't increase.
lentwo ratingtwo pls help
lensixteen ratingone its an awesome game but when tilting it doesnt work very well and makes playing awful!
lenfifteen ratingfive graphics are ultra cool n the addition f save option is very a gud idea !
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i love this game better than the first one but on every single turn it lags and that is a little frustrating when you are trying to get to one-million points.
lensixteen ratingone it stays in the loading screen where it has that green "i" then it force closes
lennine ratingfive you'll love this game over and over again!
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lenthirteen ratingfour it's really cool but i think that the triggering is messed up
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwenty ratingfive glad to say that with the newest update this game runs just as smooth as it runs on the ipad 2!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive great sequel to the first temple run!
lennineteen ratingfive and compared to competition like that subway run game, this just beats it without hesitation. - samsung galaxy epic 4g (android 2.3.6)
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfour highly adictable
lenthirtyfive ratingfive it is a pretty good game but i got to level 7 and almost got all power ups but then one day i opened it and it just forced closed i was like "what the heck?"
lenfourteen ratingfive and now every time i open it it will force close somebody help me!
lenthree ratingfour feels slower than tr1
lenten ratingfive this game is way better than the first temple run
lenseven ratingfive i love it,it is so fun
lenfortythree ratingfive great game but when i got the new update the screen goes blank sometimes when i try to play the game and sometimes it does not show my stats when i try to look at them it just looks black in the background.
lentwo ratingfive veey impressive
lenseventeen ratingone all my phone does is vibrate when i open the game i cant even play it sucks
lenthree ratingfive very nice game!
lenthree ratingfive wow.nice game .!
lennine ratingfive much better location than the previous version, very smooth!
lensix ratingfive hate it  don't download ever!
lennine ratingfive i really like what was done with temple run.
lenten ratingfive it was getting old, and this new version is great!
lensix ratingfive nice graphics and very smooth gameplay.
lenthirteen ratingthree before i updated the game worked great now im doing nothing but glitching
lenfourteen ratingthree my only complaint is that the silent function of the app does not work.
lennine ratingthree you can silence the music but not the effects.
lenthree ratingfour better den one.
lenfour ratingfour awesome ui liked it
lentwenty ratingtwo glitches are terrible i cant even get to 100,000 and on my friends i can get to one mil please fix
lensix ratingfive excellent game  nice by imangi studios.
lenfive ratingfive but want some more characters
lenfour ratingone there is horrible lags
lenfifteen ratingfive it's much better than the last one.great job imangi.really great job.congrats
lentwentyfive ratingone at first i thought it was just my phone but then all my friends started to complain about it crashing as well as freezing up.
lennine ratingfive i would like 2 give unlimited star game was awesome
lenfour ratingfive so much more better!
lenfive ratingfive i love the new effects!
lenfive ratingfive and its way more fun!
lennine ratingfive i love the cart part and the rope slide!
lenfour ratingfive great job to them!
lenseven ratingfive i am obsessed with this game now!
lenseven ratingfive its already #1 on the top free chart!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive it doesbt lag like the first one.
lenfive ratingfive and its way more fun!
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lennineteen ratingone it does not work on my  infuse 4g but it downloads and updates it self but dont let me play
lensix ratingfour great game, better than the first.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i hate to whine, but i did buy the $5 coin pack (mainly to help support them) a few days ago and have not seen the coins added yet.
lensix ratingfour no reply from emailing them either.
lenfour ratingfour still love the game.
lennine ratingfive awesome game last update fix most of previous bugs.
leneight ratingfive the new look of temple run 2 is great.
lentwenty ratingfive the mew graphics make it harder to track the scenery which adds to difficulty and makes the game more interesting.
lenseven ratingfive some of the more blatent "spend coins"
lenfive ratingfive goals like "use 5 head starts"
leneight ratingfive are annoying but overall the game is great!
lenfive ratingfive full sexy game awasome graphics .
lentwo ratingfive awasome characters.
lenthirteen ratingfive overall full sexy game love u editors for making sach a sexy game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is boss
lennineteen ratingfour great game but i don't know what to do now, beat all my friends high scores with 17.5million.
lensixteen ratingfour on level 8 with nearly impossible objectives, it would be nice to be able to continue leveling.
lenfive ratingfour maybe some more realistic objectives?
lensix ratingfive best game ever , need to make 3
lenseventeen ratingfive excellent better improved and this is diffenetly downloading cuz you can still contiue after dying good game
lentwo ratingfive nice game-
lennine ratingfour the graphics is very nice.i loved this game.
leneleven ratingthree it's a good game , but it has lots of glitches .
lensixteen ratingfive the game is really worth giving a try n its much better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive i give this game 5 stars!
lenfive ratingfive this is a excellent game .
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics are great and so is the timing of how your character runs
lentwo ratingfive awsome gamr
lentwo ratingone soooo bad
lensix ratingfive but this is a superb game
lenthirteen ratingfour 5 stars before, but now my accumulated coins sometimes disappeared without upgrading any abilities.
lenseven ratingfour this had happened about four time now.
lenfive ratingfour i had lost about 100,000 coins.
lenfour ratingfive i love this games
leneighteen ratingfive cool and very insteresting game with all new hd graphic and liked the most is the car one.
lenseven ratingfour i like it, but its not addicting.
lennine ratingfour works good on nexus 7 whereas lags on optimus g :(
lenfifteen ratingone ok, so i download the app and for some reason i can't play it.
lenthirteen ratingfive it is just like the first one but with a bit more challenge
lentwo ratingfive nice game  !
lensixteen ratingfive the only thing wrong is that it's a bit slow on my htc desire c .
lensix ratingone keep dying cuz it keeps lagging!
lenfifteen ratingfour you can tell imangi studios put work into making tr2 a definite upgrade from its predecessor.
lennine ratingfour keeps lagging too much much while u are playing
lenten ratingthree gameplay is fine graphics would have been much better though
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i was so far on this game and it just erased my data and now when i start it up it gives me the tutorial and when i die it it glitches
lenten ratingfive don't need to explain how good this app is
lensix ratingfive this is a realy good game
lensix ratingfive waaaaay better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive good game for time pass.
lennine ratingtwo this game seemed so awesome when it came out.
lentwelve ratingtwo it was the first phone game i actually anticipated the release of.
lensixteen ratingtwo it was awesome when it came out.but i played it.and slowly saw what happened.
lenfourteen ratingtwo the powerups had been dumbed down, the running speed slowed, and reaction time delayed.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo although the graphics and environment changes are good, everything has been made so that you're more likely to pay money for coins or gems.
lenfourteen ratingtwo the double tap to activate the powerup has completely ruined how the gameplay feels.
lenthirteen ratingfive cool game but you need to add zack wonder back his the best
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lenfour ratingfive way fun and addictive
lenfortytwo ratingthree iv played this on other devices but i dont understand why it doesnt work on my phone it stays on the loading screen and after awhile it takes me out of the app please help and yes its compatible on my phone
lentwelve ratingtwo leaps and bounds above the first one but still laggy on android.
lenfour ratingtwo ios version runs fine.
leneleven ratingfour play and enjoy this is the one of the best game
lensix ratingone wont work on samsung galaxy s.
lensix ratingfive i love this game very addicting!
leneight ratingfive superb game include touch sensitivity option in settings
lenfour ratingfive i luv this games
lentwelve ratingfive the game is so addictive i just can`t stop playing it.
lenfour ratingfive please make temple run 3
lennine ratingfive best game ever ! :) way better than the first one !
lenthree ratingfive yo to cool
leneleven ratingfive a fantastic game and a worthy successor of the temple run.
leneleven ratingfive very challenging and the monkey in the beginning is just brilliant!
lenseven ratingfive just need to adjust the tilt sensitivity.
lentwo ratingfive gj imangi!
lentwo ratingfive nice game 01009722166
lennine ratingfive it is a good and fun game to play
lensix ratingfive excellent game to pass ur time.
lennineteen ratingone i open the app and the imangi logo comes up and then after a couple seconds it just crashes.
lenseventeen ratingfive but when i use a power up and the same item comes it doesn't start over.
lentwentyfive ratingfive here's an example when my power up is a magnet and i use it then i get the magnet item the item just stops.
lenfive ratingfive sorry if that was long.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lenthirtysix ratingone my friend and i got this game and it took like 10 minutes just to download and when it loaded it would not even load past the imangi studios screen i waited for like a half hour!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyone ratingfive great game, better than the first, my only complaint is since the first update, it won't open all the way.
lennineteen ratingfive i open it and it shows the i, and it plays the opening drums of the title, then crashes.
lenfive ratingfive other than that, great game!
lentwelve ratingfour temple run 2 is a good game, too bad i suck at it!
leneight ratingfive very nice game every one should use it
lenfourteen ratingfive kya bat hai boss temple run or temple run 2 kamal ke game hai awesome
lenfive ratingfive and better graphics than part 1.
lentwo ratingfive lags sometimes
lentwelve ratingfour actually when the game is on unable to receive notifications from whatsapp!
lentwo ratingthree passes times
lenseven ratingfive fun app for my droid razor maxx.
lenfour ratingthree better than temple run.
lensix ratingthree it does have some implausible obstructions.
leneight ratingfive addictive, beautiful graphics and a blast to play!
lenthree ratingfive smooth, and fluid.
lenseven ratingfive graphics look good and it stays interesting.
lenfour ratingfive the bbest game ever
leneight ratingfive nice game good work .keep it up guys.
leneight ratingfive just what i need to pass the time.
lenthirtysix ratingthree wen i get 2 magnet or shield in row the powerup time does not extend bt it gets over wid d time of 1st time powerup.it wasn't like dat in temple run.plz help out yaar.!
lensix ratingthree bt the game is just awesome.!:))
lenthirteen ratingfive much improved from the first game and a lot of fun to play
lentwentysix ratingfive so much more fun than the first one the new game play and elements as well as the new objectives and upgrades are a welcome improvement
lenfive ratingthree subway surfer is much better
lentwo ratingfive ultimate sequel.:)
lenfive ratingone i cant even start it.
leneight ratingone needs a upgrade for this type of phone .
lenfour ratingfour it's addictive game.
lenseven ratingfour this game is great but hard lol
lenfour ratingfive very fun quite addictive.
lenthree ratingfive great game ever
lenfifteen ratingone whenever i try to open the game it takes me back to the home screen.
lenfour ratingfour i like this game
lenthree ratingfive el mejor juego.
lensix ratingfive de verdad q supero al primero.
lenfive ratingfive espero el tres con ansias
lenfive ratingfive xcellent better than previous version
lenfour ratingtwo this game is awful.
lenfifteen ratingtwo too many bugs and the landscape makes seeing where you have to turn near impossible.
lenseventeen ratingtwo the minecart feature is so bugged that i just consider the run lost when i see one.
lenseven ratingtwo only 2/5 for new upgrades and better graphics.
lenfive ratingtwo definitely uninstalling after this review
lenfive ratingtwo coin dubler doesn't work
lentwelve ratingfour this game is harder than temple run 1 but is canny cool x
lenfour ratingfive dis is jus 2 sik
lennine ratingfive nevermind im an idiot the head start was costing
lensix ratingfive this game is a so fun
lentwentyseven ratingfive i loved this one a lot compared to original one and its quite a compliment to the devs when newer one is more praised than older one.
lenthree ratingfive hats off guys.
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run!
lensixteen ratingfive i was getting bored of the original game and now i am back at it again!
lenten ratingone horrible glitches that affect being able to play the game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive but the objectives are extremely hard!
lenthree ratingfive i mean, 10,000,000 meters?!
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo since the upgrade i get the coins and they take forever to move off the screen and i upgraded the boost with gems and now they are gone and didn't get them back fix that pls.
lensix ratingone downloaded and will not open.lgthrill
lensix ratingone wont open on my motorola triumph
lenfourteen ratingfive ok could of had more characters but overall i like the first one better
leneight ratingfive both me and m kids love this game.
lenseven ratingfive deserves 5 on 5.works great with my device.
lenseven ratingfive what's the highest score till date.?
lennineteen ratingfive well this game is rough and fun but these days who doesn't like a tough game these days
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfourteen ratingfour i can't say its excellent but its better then the first temple run
lenten ratingtwo doesn't always respond to touch and that is infuriating.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i have to tilt my phone completely sideways to move to one side or the other then you cannot see the screen.
lentwo ratingfive insanely engaging.
lenfifteen ratingfive graphic level is less compared to previous version.but this iz gud can giv 4.5rating
leneight ratingthree i like it but sometimes it hoiurs slow
lenfour ratingfive great game.love it!
lenten ratingfive its way more better than the first one, more graphic. ?
lenfour ratingfour drains battery so fast
lenthirteen ratingone i can't even play  it, it just force close on my phone
lenfive ratingfive awesome is the only word !
lennine ratingfive dis game is suprb in compare to all games
leneight ratingfive this game will have u stuck for hours.
lenten ratingthree its good but it freezes i still luv this game
leneleven ratingfive one of the most best games i've played on android!
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo it takes so much more effort to tilt from side to side and there's no sensitivity adjustment option making this game kind if annoying.
lenseventeen ratingtwo also sometimes it gets stuck and won't tilt at all for like 10 seconds which gets annoying.
lenten ratingfour i really like  this app because i like temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive this is one of the best games i've played keep it up!
leneleven ratingfive if you liked the first version, you'll love this one!
leneleven ratingfive everything from graphics to just how awesome the course is designed!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour a great step up since the last temple run with lots of nee features, bad points is memory consumeption and you need a good processor for it to work properly, 4 out of 5
lenten ratingfour wish it wouldn't restart from the same place everytime.
lenthirteen ratingfour once you get to the mines would be a great place to start.
leneight ratingfour it's the best game on android yet.
lenfour ratingfour so captivating, so powerfull!
lenthree ratingthree a bit slow.
lenfour ratingfive awesome but more characters
lenfive ratingfive great game.new achievement everyday
lenten ratingfive this is the best game ever it is like subwayserf.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirtyone ratingthree it still has the bug of making me complete objectives i've already done or are currently working on and once completed, it doesn't acknowledge that i've completed it.
lenfour ratingfour it's fun playing tr2.
lentwentysix ratingfive this game is the best of course better than the first temple run the graphics are so amazing i want to play it all the time
leneight ratingfive recently downloaded and so far i'm addicted !
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original.
lensixteen ratingfour the coins we have collected is not added into total coins.and sometimes it shows 0 coins.
leneleven ratingfour please improve the tilt sensitivity meanwhile provide the setting of it .
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lenfive ratingfive i sooo ' love thiss gamee !
leneleven ratingfive we all start at the same time & whoever loses first lose !
lentwenty ratingone i installed and un-installed and reinstalled this game 4 times and just crashes on the loading screen of temple run.
lensix ratingone it vibrates twice then crashes/closes.
leneight ratingone its not working on my samsung galaxy s 4g.
lentwentytwo ratingfive if you have a boost and you pick up another while on the first boost, you don't go twice as far!
lenfour ratingfive otherwise an excellent game.
lenfifteen ratingone when i open it, the imangi studio screen stays up for 15-20 seconds then it crashes.
lentwentytwo ratingone i've played it with other people's devices and it's great, but i'd like to play it on mine
lenseven ratingfour quite entertaining, though not at all "addictive"
lenthree ratingfour as people claim.
leneighteen ratingfour very fun, just as long as you don't download a cheat gamesave with 9,999,999 coins like i did!
lensix ratingfive like it better than the first!
leneight ratingfive the only improvement required is  regarding tilt movement.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
leneight ratingfive bets game i ever play in my live
lenthree ratingfive defo better than 1
lensix ratingfive good game great graphics well done
lensix ratingfive nice good game for time pass
lentwo ratingfour gud gud
lenten ratingfive i love it i think everyone should get this game !
lentwentytwo ratingthree tilt sensitivity is very slow to respond i have to tilt my phone all the way on its side.yeah fix it
lenthree ratingfour loving the hills.
lenfive ratingfive i play it all day
leneleven ratingone wont work on my phone please fix it seems really fun
lenten ratingfive great to play whenever you've got some spare time.
lenfour ratingfive nice theme n graphics
lennine ratingone i opened game its without open automatic exit.why?
lenfive ratingone solution of the promble ok.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 is a very fun game, with great graphics and gameplay!
leneighteen ratingfive the environment is also very cool and creative - best part about the game is that it's free!
lenseven ratingfive love it now, and love it later.
leneight ratingfive imani studios has outdone themselves with this game
lenfive ratingfive great game, love the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive fast, fun and adventurous.
lenfive ratingfive i like the new goals.
leneleven ratingfive the zip line is fun and the mine tracks are challenging.
lensix ratingfour awesome for passing a few minutes.
leneleven ratingfour micro-transactions don't feel forced to have a good time.
lensixteen ratingfour lag spikes kill me from time to time, but it's probably just my old device.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is my favorite game when i need to pass a few minutes.
leneleven ratingfour it can be a little slow.but its a great game !
lenthree ratingfive wow,triple nice
lentwentytwo ratingthree ever since the new update i cant open it it just crashes my phone sort it out then they would get 5 stars
lentwentythree ratingthree it a fun app but i hat the fact that it crashes in the middle of a jump which messes up my stats.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive better graphics, more exciting, and more engaged.
leneight ratingfour this is a wonderful sequel for temple run.
lensixteen ratingfour but one thing i discovered annoying is that this game is less sensitive than previous one.
leneighteen ratingfour you have to tilt the phone too much to reach the corners while taking coins or in cart.
lensixteen ratingfour please fix this if you can and give it some more sensi with better response time.
lenseven ratingfive i love it apperance is cooler also
lensix ratingfour good graphics better than previous version.
lenfive ratingfive this is one great game
lenfive ratingfour try it's.very addicting
lenseven ratingtwo i love the new graphics and  such .
lenthirteen ratingtwo but i found that it lags alot and renders the game un-playable .
lenten ratingfive the best game i had ever played in my life!
lenfive ratingfive it us fun and addictive!
leneleven ratingfive i love this game better than angery birds it is epic
lenfour ratingfive you'll like it
leneight ratingfive this game has awesome graphics,adventures,and more.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awsome
lenonehundredfive ratingone it was a great game before the update , i had only one comment is that if u take the same powerup you are using at the same time it wouldnt use the new one and that was annoying but after the update the game is freezing all the time making me lose alot and the bar at the top left is half filled when i start the game but the most annoyimg thing is that i lost alot of gems, before the update i upgraded all touch things with gems but after the update it was like i never upgraded them which really annoyd me
lentwentyone ratingone this game s a horrible game so is temple run1 sub way suffer is better and jet pack joyride dontbget this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive what a game really download it i hope that will make temple run 3
lentwo ratingfour nice app.
lenseventeen ratingfour great game, works perfect in my ipad, but keeps freezing in my galaxy 3, same with t. run 1
lentwelve ratingone controls are the most unresponsive of any game i have ever played.
lenten ratingone no one in their right mind would get this game.
lennine ratingtwo the game never opens because of the recent update.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this app.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is super fun, and i think it is even better than the 1st temple run!
lenfour ratingfive so definitely download it! :)
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lenthirteen ratingfive there is just a lag sometimes when a swipe the game doesnt detect.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive like a virgin's vagina ;)
lenten ratingone its sucks u guys are losers its all about subwaysurfers
lenfour ratingfive uneheer sain togloom shuu
lenthirteen ratingone backing out of the tutorial is still an issue with a galaxy note.
lenthirteen ratingone btw, can anyone link me to a good tr2 dl for the galaxy note?
lentwentyfive ratingthree addictive, but what i've noticed is that i collected over 4000 coins and they just disappear, not able to unlock anything or get any upgrades!
lenfourteen ratingthree this gams is good and all but it makes me feel a bit queezy.
leneleven ratingfour this game awsome and most better than part 1 of this game.
lentwentyfive ratingone i have completed an achievement but the progress bar of the achievement is stuck.and it is not increasing.also my multiplier won't increase.
lentwo ratingone pls help
leneight ratingfive it rocks and coins are easier to get
lenten ratingfive this is one of the best games i've played.
lenfifteen ratingfive love it plus its free and no lag works smooth on my new s2 great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game.
lenthree ratingfive definitely worth playing.
lensix ratingfive (and thanks for fixing the bugs!)
lennine ratingfive great game way better than the first timple run
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfour better than previous game.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooooo addictive!
lentwelve ratingfive the game runs smoothly and is a lot of fun to play!
lenfive ratingfive runs very smooth on my gs3.
lenfourteen ratingfive although the game play is awesome but the menu could use some graphical improvements
lennine ratingone after constant freezing and lagging, the game always closed.
leneleven ratingone after this wonderful update, i can't even play the thing.
leneight ratingone it freezes and closes on the loading page.
lentwelve ratingone lost all achievements because i'm gonna have to re-install it.
lenseven ratingone not gonna waste my time doing that.
lentwo ratingone pos app.
lenfour ratingone worse than the original.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfive ilove this temple run sooooo much better than the other one!
lentwentyfive ratingfive it is has even more challenging parts espicially when your in the cart underground (reminds me of indiana jones) overall best game so far :d
lentwo ratingfive soooo addictive!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive you should make a temple run 3
lenten ratingfour this game is awsome but it has a few glicths.
lenten ratingfour but its still a great game and well worth playing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive but one thing annoying  is that you should run from the beginning every time.
lensix ratingfive epic graphics and much better gameplay.
lenfive ratingfive im so addicted with it!
lenseven ratingtwo always auto opens in background wasting battery.
lennine ratingtwo when i close it, it needs to stay closed.
leneighteen ratingtwo my biggest gripe is even with sound all the way down, there are still clicking noises and footsteps?
lentwelve ratingtwo are the people who made this devoid of the meaning of mute?
lenfourteen ratingtwo i'll give it 4 stars once it's updated and made to actually work.
lenfourteen ratingone hate how it always stop at the loading screen and after a few sec.
lensix ratingone goes back to my home screen
leneight ratingfive i love the levels and the new features
lenthree ratingthree love the game.
lenfour ratingthree super fun and addictive.
lenseventeen ratingthree i've only one complaint however it is a big enough one to knock off two stars.
lentwelve ratingthree the game will periodically freeze and kick back to my phones screen.
lenfortysix ratingthree the problem is that i've noticed *three* times now that when this happens it has been a time when i died and tried to use a gem, when i come back to the game not only is the gem gone, i am in the negative!
lentwelve ratingthree these gems are to hard to come by to deal with that.
lentwo ratingfive great game:)
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenthree ratingfive fun and entertaining
leneight ratingfive a great game hope there is a third
leneleven ratingfive it is so fun and my mommy let me download it ;)
lenten ratingfive awsome game, dont often rate but this deserves every star
lentwentytwo ratingfive on level 8 the only objective is 10,000,000 life time meters and it is froze, it will not give credit for the meters run.
lenfourteen ratingfive since that is the only objective it is preventing me from leveling up to 9!
lenthree ratingfive otherwise, great game!
lensixteen ratingthree this is a great game but it lags alot so you sometimes miss a turn etc.
lenthree ratingfive peace of peas
lensix ratingfive it's ok. not bad @ all.
lenthree ratingfive awesome so realistic
lensix ratingfive just so excellent love this game
lenseven ratingfive better than the last.in all aspects
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenseven ratingfive please make a leaderboard like in subwaysurfers
lenten ratingfive hats off to the graphics as well as the gameplay.
lensix ratingfive running like butter in my atrix 2
lensix ratingthree lags on htc one x, seriously?
lenten ratingthree a quad core device lagging on a game like this?
lenthree ratingfive a cool game
lenfive ratingfour this is a fun game.
lennine ratingfive keep going.try for pc buddy.we r waiting
lenseventeen ratingfive good game once you beat your high score thats it you keep trying till you beat it!
lenten ratingfive game is awesome but still having faulty issues with objectives.
lenseventeen ratingfive i have scored over 500,000 lifetime coins but it still does not show that the objective is achieved.
lenfive ratingfive looking up for more updates.
leneighteen ratingone the corners are so late and the tilting sucks half the ti,me it doesn't even work
lenfour ratingfive betta than da first
lentwentyone ratingthree big improvement apart from having to tilt the device so far too move side to side, makes it annoying to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive the latest update is awesome there no lag now.thank you so much.
lenten ratingfive work fine on my samsung galaxy ace plus  awesome game
leneight ratingfive lots of fun and runs smooth as silk.
lenthree ratingfive highly recommended :d
lenten ratingone this game worked amazing on my phone before the update.
lenfive ratingone fix please asap. -samsung infuse
lenthree ratingfive great 4 thumbs up
lensixteen ratingthree after the new update it stop working on my coolpad dosent even open just closes immediately.   ))))))))))):
leneight ratingfive a really good game make a temple run 3
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenten ratingfive my only complaint is i cant change the tilt sensitivity.
lenfive ratingfive runs smoothly on galaxy note 2 (:
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive the best game i played on samsung
lenseven ratingfive much more exciting than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive runs smoothly no problem.
lenfive ratingfive i like it better than 1.
lenfour ratingfive more fun to play!
lensix ratingfive awesum game.better than previous one.
lenfive ratingone phone tilt doesn't work.
lenten ratingthree great game ,but a lityle difficult hard to collect money.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game, its very addicting.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome!
lenseven ratingfive they did a great job with this.
lenfive ratingfive great game love the barriers
lenseventeen ratingtwo slow and struvk it is pls help out in this .if u help out i give 10*****star
lenseven ratingfive its better than the first temple run
lenfourteen ratingone my phone will not jet me turn tutorial off it just freezes and closes.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addictive
lenthree ratingfive best game eva .!
lentwo ratingfive vary nice !
lenten ratingfive it is amazing i got over 2million points in one run
lenthree ratingfour loving the anticipation
lentwo ratingfive nice gamee
lentwelve ratingfour haven't been able to put it down since i downloaded it
lenthirtysix ratingone this one just makes me bored, its like they tried way too hard to make it a good game, yeah the first one was a hit, but sadly this one just sucks.don't get it
lenseven ratingone this game blows like a classy hooker.
lenfive ratingone std's up the wazoo
lenseven ratingfive i like the  game music  and everything
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
lentwentynine ratingfive i would like it if the gem upgrades i do to to my abilities become permanent instead of decreasing every time i play. .also maybe exchanging gems for coins.
leneighteen ratingthree this game is some what good but they should make it  a little bit faster like temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive iz more better that da 1st 1!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game is cool but when it comes to the tilt controls they are very slow and i die because i couldnt get to a ledge.the game was fine before, whats going on guys?
leneight ratingfive this is a great game but kinda hard
lentwentyfour ratingthree i've played it on my friends phone and its a very fun game but it will not open on my phone at all.
lenthree ratingfive excellent fabulous magnetic
lenfive ratingone crashes on the samsung infuse.
lenthree ratingone wont even load. :(
leneight ratingfive nice game runs smoothly with gs2 skyrocket with jellybean
lenfive ratingfive good stuff graphics are awsome
lennine ratingfive lov this game it makes temple run not work
lenthree ratingthree trying too hard
lensix ratingfive so much fun and a harder
lennineteen ratingfive love it, i'd exhausted there first one so it's great tip have a change with more involved.
lensixteen ratingfive this is the best.temple run no game that is like temple run can beat this
lenfour ratingfive love it crazy fun
lentwo ratingfive absolutely awesome.
leneighteen ratingfour love this game but it keeps taking my coins away when i quit game and play again later.
lenfive ratingfive follow me on instagram @littleanicole
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lenfour ratingfive like fun and nice
lensix ratingfive the best yet of temple run.
lenseven ratingfive the levels make the game simpler & easier.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's pretty awesome(:  much more challenging than the original temple run :d
lentwo ratingfive top game
leneleven ratingfour the sequal to this iconic game really does this all justice.
lensix ratingfour some bits can be confusing sometimes.
lenthirteen ratingfour a real turning point into the whole change is the cart and rope.
lentwentyseven ratingfour any way it is a great game but, it can be very,very laggy which is very understandable for all the details that are on the sreen.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive verry nice.
lenfourteen ratingone i have tried to install in my htc desire, its not starting keep crashing :-(
lenthree ratingfive its toat amazing
lenten ratingone cant load game, application closes after splash screen without warning.
lenfive ratingone love this game on iphone!
lentwentynine ratingthree it is fun and addictive, but the the things in the air too soon while you're running so when you jump its too late and you pass them.
lentwentyeight ratingthree also, when the monkey is chasing me its too close and i cant see where im going and i die because i cant make my move in time.
lensix ratingfour awesome.:) but pls add different locations.
lenseven ratingfive this has awesome graphics i love it
lenfour ratingfive is a great challenge.
leneight ratingfive is addictive and i can't stop playing.
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfour little hard
lenfive ratingone cant even play this ugh
lentwelve ratingfive i love the newest version of tr the new scenery is outstanding.
lenseven ratingthree i like it better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingone the game won't open up it keep force closing
lentwentyone ratingthree this is a good game but today it wont let me play i will give a 5 star if this is fixed.
lenfour ratingone subway surfers much better.
lenthree ratingone major flaw alert!
lenthirteen ratingone was much better when you could cut a jump off with a slide.
lensix ratingone can't do that anymore (wack!).
lenfourteen ratingone also it's super glitchy if annnnything is running or if not on internet.
lenten ratingone i have two circumnavigator missions and that's just boring!
lensix ratingfour but its probably just my phone
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive excellent game ever best in world
lenthree ratingfive bettrr thn th 1st.
lenthirtythree ratingfour the tilt to maneuver mechanic seems a lot 'tighter' in this game compared to the first, almost as though the character tries his hardest to run in the dead centre of the track.
lenseventeen ratingfour the original seemed more fluid where you could tilt slightly and be running along just off centre.
lentwenty ratingfour this ruined gameplay for me, but the other new elements and greatly improved graphics made it worth having a look.
lentwentyone ratingfive i like this game however i liked the 1rst one but the 2nd is better because its got better graphics and better things
lentwo ratingfive wonderful app
leneight ratingfive this game rocks way better than temple run
lentwentyfour ratingtwo the whole game keeps crasshing it it keeps going upside down.i had to re download it twice because it kept going upside down.
lenseven ratingfive over all everything perfect in this version.
leneight ratingfive and its most adictive game i ever played
lenfive ratingfive you can play for hours
leneleven ratingfive runs smoothly on the nexus s! and it's super fun!
leneighteen ratingfive this game was addictive to start but lacked the replay ability and the obsticles to keep me interested.
lensixteen ratingfive this new installment, though still very limited is a great improvement overall and a definite upgrade.
leneight ratingfive its a great game,  nice graphic.new challenge. .
leneight ratingfive it's harder than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingthree freezers sometimes
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfifteen ratingthree its a good gamr but it took out my money and characters out of nothing.
lentwentytwo ratingone amazing concept and graphics, but when i installed it, it made my tablet crash and it wouldn't turn on for weeks!
lenfour ratingone install at own risk!
lenfour ratingfive i thoroughly enjoy it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfortyseven ratingfive the game is great o:-) siriusly like i'm adicted to it it has vines mine carts and a giant monkey also if you want to get good at it then download temple run 1 first this game just takes to long to download but its worth it
leneleven ratingfive this one is so much better than the original temple run
lentwelve ratingtwo its good but it gets boring its a lil below average (2 stars)
lensix ratingfive very bad game.plz dont install. .
lensix ratingfive it a really great game !:-d
lennine ratingfour its a great and addictive game fun for anybody
leneight ratingone it won't let me play the game.
lenseven ratingone i open it and it automatically closes!
lensix ratingfive freaking amazing i love it alot
lenfive ratingfive not as many mess ups.
lenthirteen ratingfive great way to pass the time when u have to sit and wait.
lensix ratingfive me and my kids love it!
lennine ratingfour awesome don't make me seek,bore by playing
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenseven ratingthree the first one was a solid 5 stars.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree this in comparison has a much less intuitive interface and gameplay with unnecessary and overly complex visual elements that distract you from the goal and spoil the simplistic fun that the first part was so popular for.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lennineteen ratingfive i didn't think they could improve on such a great game but i'm glad i was wrong.
lensix ratingfive this is one amazing fun game.
lenfive ratingfive overall good game, highly recommend
lenthirteen ratingfour cool game but it deleted all of my data after getting really far
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love this game.but i does sometime slow down and when i try to turn or jump it would freeze then i lose.
lenten ratingfive this game is awsome to play in all new temple
lenfourteen ratingfour nice game.but the screen tilt doesn't work on my gt-p1000, galaxy tab 1.
lennine ratingfour addictive time killer without any story or game strategy.
lenthree ratingfour run, lola run
lenseven ratingone it won't open on my phone
leneight ratingfive before i could master temple run 1i discovered this.
lenfive ratingfive even more challenging and entertaining!
lenfour ratingone bad as raw chicken
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome.
lennine ratingfive when i play it, i don't feel bored.
lenfour ratingfive such a majestic game.
lenfour ratingfive highly recomended to play.
lennine ratingfive great environments and graphics when compared to temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingfive this game you have to really about focus and that's good
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingtwo everytime i die the game freezes and i can't play anymore!
lenten ratingtwo the game keeps starting me back over at the beginning!
lenfour ratingtwo i've uninstalled twice!
leneight ratingtwo please fix because i really love this game!
leneight ratingfive fun game and more challenging then temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive awesome i love thus game i'm11
lenthirtyeight ratingfive stop complaining its just a game i understand about crashing but complaint cause u can't get money that's a lot of bs so if you have complaints another stuff like that u play way to much!
lenfour ratingfour the graphics is great
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play.
lenfifteen ratingfour a little bit of lag but not a big one pretty awesome keep it  up
lenfive ratingfive best it beats subway surfers!
leneleven ratingfive i love the new rope feature and the new cart feature
lenfive ratingfive great game and decent graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive a little lag in gameplay every now and then but not enough to really complain about
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i think the game is great, but everytime i do something hard, like an objective or record, and turn the game off, that is deleted.
lentwentyone ratingtwo if i do a lot of stuff, it will be saved, but i usually have to do everything all over again.
lenseven ratingfive satisfied way better than the first one
lennine ratingone its garbage because before u run it gos of :(
lentwo ratingfive super addicting.
lensixteen ratingfour love the game playing it whenever i can spare time but the objectives are very buggy.
lentwenty ratingfour initially it showed multiple times the same objective and now the objectives are shown complete but they remain on screen.
lenfourteen ratingfour and moving from level 8 to 9 i am left with only two objectives not three.
lenfour ratingfour lifetime 10mil miles and 1mill gold.
lennine ratingfive try not to throw your phone when you lose:)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfive little complicated at first but then you get used to it!
lenfive ratingfive more excitement than the original.
lenseven ratingfive my most favorite game is this, definitely.
leneleven ratingone it didn't work please fix or i will uninstall it
lentwenty ratingtwo love the idea and everything but on my phone i only have a little hole to look through please fix!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive fun to play!
lenfour ratingfive i love runing games
lenthree ratingfive definitely more excitement.
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lennine ratingfour after the recent update, it is a lot better.
lensixteen ratingfour fixed a lot of the issues that the game had and is a lot smoother now.
lensixteen ratingfour some instances where it feels like there's not enough time to react to some turns.
lenthirtysix ratingfive nice game, but very irritating when u actually score a very good score, and still have to wait for the objective to get clear, first it will.appear than only u can conplete it, rest its 5.
lentwo ratingfive star game
lentwo ratingfive imagery amazing.
lensix ratingfour not quite as addicting, but fun!
lenfive ratingfive much  better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive graphics at max is beautiful
lenthree ratingfour fun and addictive
lentwo ratingfive great run
lenthirteen ratingfour the power ups that they have aren't as good as temple run 1.
lentwenty ratingfour example power up: reduce gem by one, use boost (takes off 250 coins) well don't let me spoil the fun .
leneleven ratingfour get the game just be beware of what your getting o_0
lentwo ratingfive nice job!
lenseven ratingone i want to download it so bad.
lenthirtytwo ratingone but i cant beacause it keeos saying error 498 cant download.but its not from the phone its the app or google play.can yuou guys pkease fix it please and thank you
lenthirteen ratingfive no complaints, it's legit, better than temple run 1 and is extremely fun.
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one.
lenfive ratingone the graphics are very blinding.
lenfive ratingone gameplay was much better earlier.
lenseven ratingfive its a lot better then the 1st one
leneleven ratingone its not letting me download it, just comes up with error
lentwentyfive ratingfive doesn't lag as much as temple run it has better graphics and u can change graphics i would recommend this this to any phone
lenfourteen ratingone it only runs the first time, then starts reloading on my lg optimus black p970.
lenfour ratingone otherwise it's great.
lentwentyseven ratingfive love this just as much as i love the first temple run but the graphics are so much better!:this game is very fun absolutely love it!
lenthree ratingfive highly recommend it!(:
lenseven ratingfive this game is so awesome and fun! :-)
lenseventeen ratingthree it great and much better than the first one and harder but freezes on my phone alot
lennine ratingfive i thought temple run couldn't get any better.
lennine ratingfive well it just did im hooked all over again.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is just fantastic thought the first one was cool nope this is good!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive this app is amazing do they have any more
lentwentyone ratingthree i like the new look but the tilt system is crap, would easily be a 5 star game if it was sorted
lenfour ratingfour temple run is fun
lenfourteen ratingfour couldn't believe how laggy it was at first even on a galaxy nexus.
lennine ratingfour will see about replayability in a week or so.
leneleven ratingfour it a good game but the touch is not senitive enough
lenten ratingfour vry nice game i was never played game like thiss.
lentwentyfour ratingthree this was a great game until when i closed it and tried to get back in and it kept sending me back to apps.
lensix ratingthree everything else is fine about it
lenfourteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 it's so much better than the regular temple run!
lennine ratingfive i first played it i was very over welmd
lentwo ratingfive simply great
lensix ratingthree still skips like the first game.
lensix ratingthree cant react quickly because of it.
leneight ratingthree hopefully a new update will make it better.
lenfive ratingfive great way to kill time.
lenthree ratingfour nice addictive game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfour ratingthree temple run 1 was better .
lennine ratingfive dis game is fun and addicting.i luv it
lenseven ratingfive great game really addictive really enjoy it
lenfifteen ratingone cant even play this  the imagni sign shows  the it goes to the home screen.
lenfive ratingfour nice graphics and thrilling game.
lennine ratingfour but after a while it brings a little monotonous.
lenthree ratingfive love this game ! ?
leneight ratingfive a bit of good fun with great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive runs well on my htc 1x.
lenthirtythree ratingfour its really great.just sometimes when i press to use the save me it force closes.thus making me lose all progress i just made.fix it and i'll give five stars
lensix ratingfive such a great and fun game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive beter then the originel
lenseven ratingfive love the game but it want download!
lenseven ratingfive i can finnaly  get in the millions
lenten ratingfour really fun game but it freezes every now and then.
lentwelve ratingone it closes every time i try to open it                           a                            a                 a
lenthirteen ratingfive i love that i can upgrade multiple things and work towards higher stats
lenten ratingfour outside of a few motion hiccups the game is fantastic
lensix ratingfive good game but needs more characters
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour hahaha was so fast
lenfive ratingfive it is wonderful and fun
leneighteen ratingfour addictive game, just want different tracks sometimes it gets tiered to run on same track again n again
lenseven ratingfive it's a fun and excellent game :)
lensix ratingfive nice game to kill some time
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lenfive ratingfour i would like more characters
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenfour ratingthree game lags and closes
leneight ratingfive i think i'm addicted to this game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive awesome and better than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive gooodddd stufffg
lenseven ratingone it takes a long time to load
lenten ratingone its lagging in reaction and graphics are hanging while playing.
lenfour ratingone at all dont install
lenthree ratingfive this games awesome!
lenseven ratingfive awesome way better graphics than temple run
lentwentytwo ratingfive during the boost powerup if you jump a lot while it is happening your character will keep going at the boost speed
leneight ratingfour gem upgrades to special abilities aren't permanent?
lenfour ratingfour lost a star there
lenseven ratingfour amazing game, i recommend it to anyone
lenten ratingfour game glitches a lot otherwise i'd give five stars!
lenseven ratingfour please fix, i really enjoy this game.
lenseven ratingfive love this game its a must download
lensix ratingone tr2 wont download on my galaxy s
lentwo ratingfive wonderful graphics
lentwelve ratingfive i haven't tryed this game but i bet it is fun
lennine ratingone i hate this game i ran off a cliff.
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the first one:0
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is great if you liked the first you will love the second
lensix ratingone won't open on htc desire
lentwentysix ratingone this game temple run 2 will pop up then goes back to my home screen i have temple run and it will pop up fine pls fix
lensix ratingfive i can play this for hours
lentwentysix ratingthree everything is good except it'll say i have 4000 coins one minute then i'll play a game and when i look its at 2000 like wtf
lentwentytwo ratingone when i got the first temple run it played fine, but when i downloaded the second one it wouldnt open at all.
lenfour ratingfive a very awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingone i really want this game but it literally takes hours to download.
leneleven ratingone i've been waiting for 30 min and it's only at 7%.
lenfive ratingfive este juego esta muy addictive.
lenfive ratingfive way to go imangi studios!
lentwo ratingfive awsome boss
lenfifteen ratingthree fix the lag, because as of now my swipes aren't registering and its frustrating
lenseven ratingfour i like web this app a lot.
lenseventeen ratingfour only re eason why i was ill not give a 5 rating is i glitched thru the floor
lentwentythree ratingfive this game really rock who can make a game better than this no one thats wat i though know make a new game
leneight ratingone this game deserves worst app of the year.
lenfive ratingfive very fun and enjoyable game.
leneleven ratingthree but in temple run 1 the magnet would enhance your coin income.
lennine ratingthree if i get triple coins it would be x6 coins.
lentwenty ratingthree well now of i have x3 and magnet on, coins come to me but the coins come in as single coins.
lenthree ratingfive game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive really enjoy this game.
lenthree ratingfive a nice sequel.
leneighteen ratingfive this is the best game better too.i have to give you a thumbs up on this one.
lenfour ratingfive this app is super
leneleven ratingfive this game is very fun and hard ar the same time.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive tample run 2
lennine ratingfive great time waster better than the first by far :)
lenseven ratingfive so much better than the previous part.
lenfive ratingfive very nice and addictive game :)
lenfifteen ratingfive well freezes quite frequently but fixes it self fast enough.other than that great app.
lennine ratingfive first one was amazing and this is even better.
lennine ratingfive i do hope more characters are on the way.
lentwenty ratingfive moving left and right (at least during minecart areas) seems very slow but not really too big of a deal
leneight ratingfive after the update it works great, good job!
leneleven ratingfive the game is fantastic and a lot better than the first!
lentwentythree ratingfive it got it at first it made the phone not work but now i got it fixed and i like it a lot
lenthree ratingfive fun and challenging
lenfour ratingfive such an amazing game
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensix ratingfive it's fun and runs smooth
lentwentyfive ratingthree works fine on my tablet but on my phone it won't let me exit the settings so i can't turn off the tutorial
lenfifteen ratingfive all the best aspects of the first game and some nice new additions as well
lentwenty ratingfour i have galaxy s3 and the run is not smooth it has some stalls but other than that i love it!
lenfive ratingfour addictive, but needs control fixes.
lennine ratingfour response slows as you go farther into the game.
lenfour ratingfour still load of fun.
lenthree ratingfive really fun game.
lenfour ratingfive addictive and really fun
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive i'm so addicted to this game :-)
lennineteen ratingone cannot keep coins to purchase important upgrades as they get taken even when i don't want to buy .
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
lenfour ratingtwo wasted money so far.
leneight ratingfive its better than da 1st one and subway surfers
leneleven ratingfive me and my family love this game we always see how.
lenseven ratingfive can go the farest we hope there.
lenten ratingfive i love this game i can play it all day !
lenfour ratingfive please get more characters
lentwo ratingthree sexy graphics.
lenthree ratingthree no lags nthn.
lentwo ratingthree awesome game.
lentwentysix ratingthree just need a additional  feature like leadershipboard to see highest scores of all frndz n world., there are lots of errors n  ugs in this game.
lentwentyfour ratingthree ie.1st- when we use boost, it does boost and during the boost if we get another boost then it doesnt boost from there again.
lentwentyeight ratingthree 2nd- when a boost is used and during run in boost if jump comes which nedds to be done using rope then aftr the landing bkkst speed never reduces.
lennine ratingthree and u end up dieing cos of high speed.
lenfive ratingthree hope it gets solved soon
lenseven ratingfive i love it its very addictive lol
lenfour ratingfive dis game is awwsoome!:)
lentwelve ratingfive this is a really good game so much better than the forst
leneight ratingfive i love this game its better than the 1
leneleven ratingone it won't even load so it sucks and i'm 9
lenthirteen ratingone didn't work well on my phone and allowed down my entire system.
lenseven ratingfive loved this game and the first one.
lennineteen ratingfive but when you use your power up and collect one while running it doesn't make it last longer.
lennineteen ratingfive i think it should but that's the only thing i have a problem with still an awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive create more games ?
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome!
lenfour ratingfive kwl luv this app
lentwentyseven ratingfour this is a very good game but i incounterd a problem where it wouldnt let me play it so i had to uninstall it and reinstall it.
leneight ratingfour 4 stars becuase my record was over 5 million :p
lensix ratingfive awesome just can't stop running .
lennine ratingfour this game is great, just needs a few tweaks.
lentwentysix ratingfour we need the ability to change the tilt sensitivity, its waay too slow, and maybe an option to turn down the graphics to increase the framrate.
lentwo ratingfive aweome!
leneighteen ratingfive graphics are far better than the previous temple run, and i find that the powerups are more powerful.
lenfourteen ratingfive only thing i would suggest to improve on is the sensitivity of the tilting.
lenthree ratingfive overall, great game.
lenfifteen ratingthree i had this problem with the first version and it annoyed me to no end.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i just spent all the coins i earned on a character i didn't want to buy because the purchase button was right by the back button.
lenfour ratingthree love the game though.
lenfive ratingfive good game with good graphics.;)
lenfive ratingfive this game very very goooood
lennine ratingfive i enjoy playing this game in my free time.
lenthree ratingfive amazing amazing amazing!
lenfive ratingfive totally addicted high score : 14 million!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive one thng lol how to ride minecarts on ground not in the mineshaft: 1.have the speed up powerboost 2.ride minecart 3.when u see the end of the mineshaft, use the speed boost
lenfour ratingone it won't update
lentwelve ratingfive first of all i wanna thank to imangi for this brilliant game.
lennine ratingfive about it i was surprised that it never lags.
leneleven ratingfive the graphic is awesome and is different than first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great job !
lensix ratingfour better than the first temple run :-)
lenten ratingtwo i would give it a 5 star but new update stucks.
lenseven ratingtwo tried updating many times but same problem.
lenfortytwo ratingtwo and when we complete an object like make 50,000,000 and i make 1,12,000,000 and it puts a tick on the objectve but the next objectve comes 1,00,000,000  this should also be completed i have to do thill all over it should be done at once.
lensixteen ratingfive the achievement of one million meters won't go away even though i have completed it?
lenfour ratingtwo unable to play game.
lensix ratingtwo too much auto pause and bugs.
lensix ratingfour i can't stop playing this!
lentwelve ratingfour the only downside is that sometimes crashes inexplicably, which is really annoying.
leneighteen ratingfour its really good my 3 yr old nephew my sis my dad n i r addicted to this game
lenfour ratingfive best game ever created
lentwo ratingfive excellent smithers!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive this game is really fun have no problems
lenfourteen ratingfive so not cool i tried 4 times to download this game and deleted all games!
lenseventeen ratingfive i like temple run two it is so awesome and it is better than the first one
lenseven ratingfive fun but wont work fix it nowwwwww!
lenthree ratingfive amazing love it
lennine ratingfour very fun but seems to lag really bad sometimes
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentysix ratingfive i really like this game but when i play on it, it seriously drains my battery and the top left of my phone gets very hot.
lenthree ratingfive sony xperia s
lenseven ratingone i really wish i can play it.
lenthree ratingone please, imangi studios.
lentwelve ratingone i've already updated it but it always crash again and again.
lenseven ratingone filmware: 2.2.1 baseband: 2.6.32.9 kernel:se.infra@sei-27#1 froyo: zhkc2
lenseven ratingone i haven't played the game yet.
lenfifteen ratingone the app will open to the imangi logo and then close after about ten seconds.
lentwelve ratingone please fix this, i'd love to be able to play it.
lensix ratingone update: this hasn't been fixed.
lenfour ratingfour its hard, but addicting
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it!
lentwenty ratingfour for one a gaint monkey two better playing style three the rope line is new and overall just great graphics
lentwentyfive ratingfour i game is new.the grapgics are nice.bit there's a glitch after i die.and also pls make the sensitivity better.thk you
lennineteen ratingfive thank you so much for fixing that bug now i can see wat i'm doing in the game
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive!
leneleven ratingfour i love the depth and the new areas like the mines.
lentwenty ratingfour there are a couple of issues like when you jump sometimes you randomly fly off to the side and die.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour also, when you get a powerup like the coin magnet if you get another one before the first one runs out the effect wears off from the first one and the second one doesn't even take effect.
leneighteen ratingfour i would like to see that fixed because it wasn't that way in the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfour other than the few minor bugs it's a great game!
leneight ratingfour but i cam't tilt to collect coins.
leneight ratingfour it won't work on the 1st or 2nd game.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenten ratingfive awsome game and doesn't use a lot of charge
lensix ratingfive always has another acheivment to complete
leneight ratingfive control works, great gameplay, free with no ads.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its the best
lenfourteen ratingfour it's a addictive game but it sometimes lags when i make a turn
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive graphics are gorgeous.
leneight ratingfive also like the addition of missions and levels
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff
lenfive ratingfive best android app ever made !
lenfour ratingfive full time addictive :d
lennine ratingone idk wats wrong but it wont let me play
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the game was great until it updated, it now freezes and glitches and i never get to play longer than freaking 10 seconds without it glitching or freezing!
lenfour ratingfive litterly of the hook
lensix ratingone wont let me open the app.
lenfour ratingone for the lg thrill.
lenten ratingfive its a good game i would recommend it to others.
leneight ratingthree its ok not as fun asnthe first one
lenfive ratingthree force closes before menu screen.
lennine ratingthree please fix i would really like to play this.
lenfour ratingfour i like this game
lenthree ratingfour love the graphics!
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play
lenseven ratingfive well, this game has very good graphics!
lentwelve ratingthree this game lags and it froze once, then automatically restarted my phone
lentwo ratingthree kinda god
lenthirtythree ratingthree only flaw i've seen on n7 is the loading screen not taking up the whole screen, lag on high quality graphics, and this glitch where you trip and the person starts running sideways.
lentwelve ratingfive very addictive once you get past the differences between the first game.
lensix ratingfive worth buying the coin doubler & gems.
lenfour ratingfive definitely an amazing product!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentyseven ratingfive so addictive, there's not a day i don't go on it, all i can say is that it is so much better than temple run 1!
lensix ratingfive i give this a deffinite 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour this is a great new version of the previous game.
lenthirteen ratingfour some parts of the game is still laggy in performance, especially the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingfive i still am trying to get through the mine. -_-
lenten ratingone i cant even pass the main screen it crashes horribly.
lenfive ratingfive good game to kill time
leneighteen ratingtwo this app its very fun but it constantly freezes which causes you to lose and is very frustrating.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i've played this on several devices and it happens on every one.
lenten ratingfour this game has a very clean, fluid feel to it.
leneleven ratingfour it is a huge improvement to the initial temple run game.
lenfifteen ratingfour there is more good to say about this game than what i've written here.
lenseventeen ratingfour read other reviews and you can get a good feel for how well made this game is.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i give it four stars because, after only playing for three days, i am at a list of dredging objectives: 1,000,000 lifetime coins, 500,000 lifetime coins, and 1,000,000 lifetime meters.
lenfourteen ratingfour at this point, there is no real point to keep running in this game.
lenthirty ratingfour and there are other insane objectives, such as 10,000,000 points in one run (you'll probably have to run over 30,000 meters in one run) and collecting 5 gems in one run (insane).
lenthirteen ratingfour those were incredibly challenging, but that is why these challenges were worth attaining.
lenfourteen ratingfour now, the only objectives i have left involve no skill, just running for weeks.
leneleven ratingfour why would i? and what would anyone do with 1,000,000 lifetime coins?
lenseventeen ratingfour all of the bonuses and power-ups in the game must cost no more than 500,000 coins combined.
lennine ratingfive so much better then the first, and so addictive.
leneight ratingfour its not bad its improved from the other 1
leneleven ratingfive i love it its so much better than the first one
lenthree ratingone hardly temple "run"
lenseven ratingone if you start hanging from a rope
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
leneight ratingfive love what they did with this new version
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lensixteen ratingfive something to do when you have nothing to, keeps you occupied when you have spare time
lenthirteen ratingone lags a lot on my galaxy s. forever freezing up, fix now please.
lennine ratingfive one's a little slow on t mobile mytouch
lenthirteen ratingfour its a good game, it happens that i using not so good phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive i gave temple run 1 5stars but they don't have enough stars for this temple run
lenfourteen ratingone this game is horrible compared to the previous too mu h is going on.
lenthirteen ratingone then on top of that youre camera moves and puts off youre tilting!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
leneleven ratingthree i like this game but it lags too much on the droid2.
lenthirteen ratingfive i played the first game like mad, but this one is even better!
lenfour ratingfive a great run game
leneight ratingfive amazing game wayyyyy better then original temple rum
lentwo ratingfive galaxy note
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lenten ratingfive didn't think they could of topped the first one!
lensixteen ratingone i love to play this game on my dads s3 but it dosent work keeps force closing
lenfive ratingfive tempol run 2 the best game
lentwentyone ratingtwo i would give it 5 stars if i could change the sensitivity and not always lose all the coins i work for
lenten ratingone kept force closing wouldnt even load up to start game :(
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so good.
lenfourteen ratingfive runs great on my galaxy 3.much better game than the 1st temple run for sure!
lenthree ratingfive very great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app)))))
lensix ratingfive i think temple run 2 is awesome!
lensix ratingfive awesome biggest monkey i ever sawn
lenfour ratingfive this game very awesome!
lensix ratingfour nice update yo a great game
lenfive ratingone this game is a joke.
lennine ratingone the way they created the game is absolutely garbage.
leneight ratingone the first temple run is 10x better than this.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour i have well over 1,000, 000 meters run but the "circumnavigator"
lenfour ratingfour challenge wont go away.
lensix ratingfive not for the faint of gaming.
lenthirteen ratingfive a whole heap harder than i the first, but a lot better, also.
lenten ratingone every time i go on it it doesn't load.
lenten ratingone it just stays on 'imangi studios' for the whole time.
lenfifteen ratingone then when i press the home button my wallpaper turns into the imangi studios logo.
leneight ratingthree even more addicting then the first temple run.
lenthree ratingthree a 5 star game.
lenten ratingthree thank you for making a perfect game like this free.
lenfourteen ratingthree update-just got all of the abilities and afterwards i purchased the coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingthree greatest game ever and well worth purchasing the coin doubler to help the dev.
lenthirteen ratingthree update- after purchasing the coin doubler for 4.99, i downloaded it and it worked.
lenthirteen ratingthree after i factory reset my phone, it will not download my coin doubler.
leneight ratingthree it keeps saying i have already purchased it.
lenten ratingfour the sensitivity on android isn't as good as ios.
lenfive ratingfour which is quite annoying actually.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i don't know why on earth its been made to be harder on android than it is on ios, but make it a little bit better please.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!:)
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are fabulous.
lenthree ratingfive game is amazing
lentwenty ratingfive this game is better faster and more advanced than temple run the first i love how it has better detail .
lensix ratingfive im in love with it lol!
leneleven ratingfive me and my family love this game we always see how.
lenseven ratingfive can go the farest we hope there.
leneight ratingthree it say always download is unsuccessful, try again
lensix ratingfive great games, & it's for free
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphic is better then before.i hope it have third temple run
lensix ratingfive love it like the first one!
lentwo ratingfive better obstacles.
lenfourteen ratingone my coins always disappear and the game always closes out when revive with diamonds.
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first!
lenthirteen ratingthree i like the game,it's fun but it goes so so slow!
lenfifteen ratingfive my teenage daughter got me addicted to this game, now i can't stop playing!
lenfive ratingfive awesome app i love it
lentwentythree ratingfour temple run 2 is beter than the first, addicting, and is a great game to play to pass the time or just to play.
lenthirtynine ratingfour i like it because it never freezes on me and unlike the first game if my phone were diing and the indicator came up on the screen it would pause the game automatically instead of causing me to die.
lenten ratingfive best game out there and you cant beat the price.
lensix ratingfive a lot better than temple run
lenthirtyeight ratingthree gameplay when moving from left to right and right to left is very slow compared to iphone or ipad or ipod touch, movement needs to be quicker, stops u from getting to high levels, but overall good game
lenthree ratingfive very cool game
lenfour ratingfive just a perfect game
lenfive ratingfive cant wait for temple run 3
lentwentyseven ratingfive this game rocks if u board looking through old apps jst download temple run2 is good for passing time while your at somewere u don't  wanna be
lenfourteen ratingfour it would be five star but its slow but other then that its great
lenfive ratingfive sik,, asik main game ini,,
lensixteen ratingone have installed on three different occasions and this game has not opened on any of them.
lenfour ratingone amongst other annoying bugs
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive like it better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive im so crazy in love with tr 2 !
lenthree ratingfive fun game  ready
lenseven ratingfive price is right and game is perfect.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lenseven ratingfive i have no words to describe it.
lensix ratingfive it's pretty much addictive tho :)
lenseventeen ratingthree even though i have the sound and music set to silent, you still get the running sound.
lenfive ratingthree silent needs to be silent!
lenfour ratingfive of the charts amazing :-)
lensix ratingfive i good i play it alldsy
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i am hooked whoooo
lenfive ratingfive very exciting, heart pounding game!
lentwo ratingfive crazy fun
lenseven ratingone like the game but it lags bad!
lenten ratingfive i play it all the time.you should download it.
lennine ratingfive i thought this game was so addicting and fun.
lenseven ratingfive really nice my high score is 8 million!
lentwo ratingfive great app!
leneight ratingfour excellent update to an already very addictive game.
leneleven ratingfour smooth graphics and frantic gameplay keeps you coming back for more.
lentwelve ratingfour graphics details can be adjusted to suit what your device can handle.
leneleven ratingfour just wish there was a bit more variety to the environments.
lentwo ratingfive sick graphics.
lentwentytwo ratingfour freezes before the game starts every single time i go to play but overall super addicting just getting frustrated with all bugs
lenthirtyeight ratingthree on the first temple run all my stuff got erased my money everything and everytime i would play it would make me to the tutorial and now it's doing the same thing why fix it im unstalling
lentwentyfour ratingtwo every time i open it on my lg android it freezes and if it does open its really laggy please fix and ill give 5*
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lenfive ratingfive quality game download now lol
lensixteen ratingfour it is grear, but in the original it let you jump over fire and get coins.
lenten ratingfour it still lets you jump , but there are no coins.
lenfour ratingfour overall a amazing game.
lenfive ratingfour awesome amazing hard then before
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive it is about a guy running with monkies chasing him.
lentwentysix ratingfour some part of the game, when i move the players seems to be stuck in one place and cant move plus it would restart my phoe.
lensix ratingfive can't wait for temple run 3
lenten ratingfive i like the new landscape better and the new features
lenthirty ratingtwo objectives are garbage, i've completed it seems all real objectives and at level 8 with 140000 coins lifetime and 320000 meters i get the bs objectives of 500k coins, 1m meters, 1m coins, all lifetime.
lenten ratingtwo just finally got to 1m meters and new one is 10m meters.
lennine ratingtwo 10000, 25000, 50000 meters in 1 run and also same with no trip?
leneleven ratingtwo should not be all lifetime stuff, that takes commitment not skill!
lenfour ratingtwo it need stylus input
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwentyeight ratingfive hade good improments from the last game and liked it but i liked how it told you how far it was gona boost you in the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive i'm not much of a gamer, but i really enjoy temple run2
lentwenty ratingthree game id fun but it doesnt save the coins went they r not use its like starting over each time
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour better than the previous 1, nice graphics :-)
lennine ratingfive i spend countless hours of my time on this.
leneighteen ratingfive much better than the first, a lot cooler version of the monkeys, and a whole lot of fun!
lennine ratingfour it has better perks than the original temple run
leneight ratingone can you make it availible for android version 2.3.5?
leneight ratingone i cant play the first temple run either
leneleven ratingfive this game is the best, it is very fun and addicting!
lenfour ratingfour game is super awesome!
lensix ratingfour just  wish it had more characters
lenfour ratingthree better graphics and flow.
lenfive ratingthree a bit more challenging too.
lenfive ratingthree kinda miss the monkey sounds.
lentwo ratingfive cool challenge
lentwo ratingfive amazing,addicting
lenfive ratingfive it is fun to play!
lentwentyone ratingfour better than first one but there is a bug, i scored 500000 lifetime coins but the game didn't recognise that achievement
lentwelve ratingfour graphics improved and when i slide it doesn't change the views :).
lentwentyone ratingfour power ups can be buggy but my biggest gripe is that you can only complete objectives when their assigned to you.
lennineteen ratingfour so when i had my 11mill run, i needed to do it again when i was assigned the 10 million objective :(
lenfour ratingfive i like the game
leneight ratingtwo every time i play, i lose coins.please :(
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingthree graphics are ok
leneight ratingfive anyone will enjoy this fast paced addictive game.
lensix ratingfive download it, you will enjoy it.
lenseventeen ratingfive not much of a change since the first game, but fresh enough so as to capture you.
lenfourteen ratingfour this one its hard to tell which way to turn and when to jump.
lentwentythree ratingone every time i get over 2000 coins out of nowhere they disappear it sucks you can never use upgrades because the coins are gone
lentwo ratingfour mad fun!
lentwo ratingone ir stings
lentwo ratingfive more coins
lenfour ratingthree it is surprisingly fun:-) :-) :-)
lenfourteen ratingfive this is surely the most addictive game with the best visuals on play store.
lenfourteen ratingone after 500m you always lose the thing just grabs you for nothing over and over!
lenthirteen ratingone i tried 100 games straight just to make sure its your shity as game!
lentwentyseven ratingone i purchased both the coin and emeralds for 19.99 and they never showed, a total of 40 dollars down the drain, please refund to me, using the droid dna
lentwelve ratingfour the only thing i do not like is it has been glitching!
lenseven ratingfour sometimes it won't jump or turn.
lentwentyeight ratingfive better than temple run, better graphics, sounds and when you go under a bridge the game stays above the bridge so you can still see what's happening!
lenfour ratingfive warning: very very addictive! :)
lentwentyone ratingfour i like the game and all, but every few seconds it will get all choppy and the screen will turn black.
lennine ratingfour then the game will come back and be paused.
lennine ratingfour please fix this and i'll give it 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour needs faster movements from side to side.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
leneight ratingtwo my daughter was very exited about "temple run 2"
lennine ratingtwo when it went back to home on our phone!
lennine ratingtwo we love temple run, but please find  a soulution!
lenthree ratingtwo anyway, great game!
lentwentytwo ratingthree it's different to the original temple run, but very similar to many other games that came before it, like rail rush.
lennine ratingthree the rewards for achievements are too big as well.
lentwentythree ratingthree at the beginning you progress very quickly from achievements which makes actually playing the game normally rather than going for chievs seem pointless.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree maybe i'm treating it too much like a game and not enough like something to waste time on (after all, it did start on the apple app store) but i think the original was considerably better.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfour nice game, i love it
lenthree ratingfive quality 8/10 audio 9/10 gameplay 9/10
leneight ratingfive fun game just as good as the first!
lenfour ratingfive sometimes a little choppy!
lenfifteen ratingfive its really fun to play when ur bored and its good for long car rides :)
lenthirteen ratingfive played it a lot now and haven't come across a single bug.
lenthree ratingfour keeps force closing!
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lentwo ratingfive run-tastic
lensix ratingfive awesome game i really loved it
lenfive ratingfive thanks for adressing the lag (:
lennine ratingfive m bhavesh chawla &plyed diz game was really superb.
lensixteen ratingone i got this game and every time i try to play it will not let me
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive give you hard missions. :)
lenthree ratingfive definitely worth getting!
leneleven ratingfive i'm surprised a game this great game has no cost!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i would happily pay for an app like this with money, it is much more improved than the original temple run by a huge amount!
lenthirtynine ratingone does not work everytime i try to play it it only loads the ingram sign and then crashes and i have deleted it 2 time and downloaded it 3 time still don't work and this is on the lg thrill
lentwelve ratingfive the best game to play when there is nothing else to play
lentwo ratingfive horrifically addictive.
lenfourteen ratingone the game restarts everytime i get off of it and freezes when i die.
lenthirteen ratingone this game opened when i first downloade it but it doesn't now.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenten ratingfive not laggy graphics are great no problem great game :d
lenfive ratingfive this a good, fun game.
lenseventeen ratingfive however i can't play it like that everyday but it is one of the better games.
leneleven ratingfive it is quite a but harder to play on a tablet.
lennine ratingfive the motions have to be large to be recognized.
lenfour ratingfive overall a great game.
lenfive ratingfive love it more than original
lensixteen ratingone i really wanted to download this game but it wouldn't let me download the game. :(
lenthree ratingfour very fun game
lennine ratingfive keep up the good work guys (or girls ;d)
lenfive ratingfive really the big demon gorrolla
lennineteen ratingfive i didn't like temple run when i got temple run 2 i loved it i dunno wht to say
lentwelve ratingfive it's a grear time passer, also it keeps your mind busy
lenthirtysix ratingtwo it doesn't work on my phone that much every time i opened it shows a picture of the home screen and then it closes by it's self please fix then i will give 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive this a very excellent game.
lenten ratingone .if they could make it not freeze up on droids.
leneight ratingone not everyone pays for overpriced icrap you know.
lenthree ratingfive expected more complication
lenten ratingtwo my phone is acting up even when its not open.
lenfour ratingthree ok. could be improved
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingfive nice improvement grapics are better alot more challengeing great fun!
lenfive ratingfive what more could you want?
lenthree ratingfive i love zit
lenthree ratingfive love this app
lenten ratingfive i thought i already overcome my addiction to temple run.
lenfive ratingfive but here comes temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive m0re challenging, m0re exciting.
lentwenty ratingfive so i love the game and decided to buy a coin pack (50,000) and it has yet to get to me.
lensix ratingfive i ordered it twenty minutes back.
lensix ratingfive please give me my moneys worth.
lentwo ratingfive coooooolllllllllll game
lentwenty ratingfive its amazing but i liked the invisibility power up more than the sheild, and i cant find the sensitivity setting.
lennine ratingfive but other than that its addictive and totally awesome.
leneight ratingfive thank you for brining it to google play!
lenfive ratingfive this new release is gorgeous.
lenfour ratingfive truly a beautiful game.
leneight ratingfive on the galaxy nexus & nexus 7, it performs perfectly.
leneight ratingfive the first temple run always ran flawlessly too.
leneleven ratingfive why were some of you freaking out about a back button?
lenfour ratingfive who the hell cares?
leneleven ratingfive you exit with the home button,& it just becomes inactive anyway.
lenten ratingfive it's not like it was using battery or something.
lentwentythree ratingfive some of you guys that complain endlessly are the exact reason that some developers don't want to bring their apps to android.
leneight ratingfour game is fun addicting, but not the best
lensixteen ratingone i have a sansung infuse and it crashes when i try to play fix it now
lensix ratingfive its the best temple run ever
lenfive ratingfive i love the twisted fun
lennine ratingfive if you love the original this is even better.
lenfourteen ratingfive it great so much better than the first one u should try it everybody
lenten ratingfive love the sequel as much as i did the first.
leneighteen ratingfour this game it's far better than tr 1 but it keeps closing fix i'll give it 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive muito bom!
lentwo ratingfive excelente passatempo
lenfour ratingfive awesome, i love it!
lenten ratingfive i liked the first one, but i love this one!
lenfour ratingfive fun to play anywhere!
lenthirteen ratingone the game would just crash everytime i opened it never got to play
lensixteen ratingfive it is a good game overall but there are some glitches that need to be patched
lenfive ratingfive more challenging better power ups.
lenseven ratingfive all round great way to kill time.
lennineteen ratingfive one of the best games ive ever played but need to fix the lag on the train track swiches
leneight ratingone same as the first and pitfall did better
lentwelve ratingthree better than the old version but i don't like the style.
lennine ratingthree better pictures could be used but overall its great
lenten ratingfive even better than the first has better display qualities features
leneleven ratingfive the game is full of craze and excitement everybody must play
lennine ratingfive this game is sediment can't stop playing it
lennine ratingfive this version is even better than the first one.
leneight ratingfive doesn't help when i have exams though.
lensix ratingfive its cool game it distrack you
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game, glad to see a great game updated to fantastic game!
lentwo ratingfive woot woot~
lenten ratingone no matter what i try so this game is lame.
lentwelve ratingfour i would give this 5 stars only if i can collect blue coins.
lentwo ratingfour coolpad quattro 4g
lentwo ratingfive great fame
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time
lenfive ratingfive nice environments and smooth play.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive totally worth it
lenfive ratingfour wow this game is unreal:)
leneleven ratingfive this is even better to an extreme extent i love it!
lenthirteen ratingfive makes you play over and over just to try to get further.lol
lenten ratingfive i love this game it is better than the first.
lennineteen ratingfour could fix acheivements so if you get a bunch of good scores they give u the achievments 3x the amount.
leneighteen ratingfour also make gems less rare as some people are getting get 5 gems in 1 run and its almost impossible.
lenseven ratingfive love it better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive nothing wrong on the nexus 4
lenseventeen ratingfive runs and looks great, and the controls are a very good use of the mobile phone platform!
lenseven ratingfive looks stunning on my samsung galaxy note.
lenthirteen ratingfive and it's just plain better in every way to the first one.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lenfive ratingfour the game is near perfect.
lenseven ratingfour but a couple of things i observed.
lensixteen ratingfour if i use my boost from the powerup bar, then get another, they dont add together.
lensixteen ratingfour secondly i clearly land on the ledge after i jump, run for a step, then falls.
lensix ratingfour the power up thing is annoying.
lentwenty ratingfour say i jump into a boost while my current boost is very nearly finished, i don't get extra boost.
lenseven ratingfour kinda annoying but hopefully you fix it!
lentwentysix ratingone it realy sucks on my fone.it was working good bfore and sudenly all my records was erased and now its always bugged.txk.pls fix
lensixteen ratingfour needs a bit more optimization for the nova thor 1ghz dual core u8500 cpu and the mali 400 gpu.
lenfive ratingfour sony xperia u running android 4.0.4
lenseventeen ratingone the time i installed it to gp1000 only the start imangi figure appears then suddenly force to close.
lensix ratingfour it really made me feel dizzy.
lenseven ratingfive pls come out with a temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 is like the best game on androids or ipods because the graphics,it looks real
lenfive ratingfive awesome on my qalaxy slll!
lenten ratingfive (: addicted to this temple run n da other temple run! (:
lenthirtysix ratingfive i'm getting the hang of it.unlike the previous version, this temple run 2 offers alot of excitement and it really is fun.and it has good graphics too.best when played on my galaxy note 2.
lentwentysix ratingfour i would give it five stars if i could figure out how to unlock the other players and their was other settings besides the same castle.
lenthree ratingfive great new graphics.
lenthree ratingfive fun game play.
lenfive ratingfour the animation is very impressive (:
leneight ratingfive l love this game it is addicting though!
lenseventeen ratingthree when i try to turn on the rope, it dosent let me turn and i miss coins.
lenthirteen ratingthree if you can, please try to fix this as fast as you can.
lenseventeen ratingfour actually this app good, but the only reason i giving 4 starts because this app laggy on hisense e860 .
lentwo ratingfive mad game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingthree game is excellent, howerever i've purchased some coins and gems, yet to receive either.
lentwentyfive ratingthree great game and all, but there will be sometimes where there is a river in front of the spike wheel and it cannot be jumpable.
lennine ratingone the game doesn't work on my htc thunderbolt.
lenten ratingone i am pretty sure it would be a dun game.
lenfive ratingone wish i could play it.
lenfour ratingfour nice nice,! hard core!
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting
lennineteen ratingtwo doesn't save coins from previous games when i shut down like temple run 1 does.pretty annoying.please fix!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingone game is great but server connection sucks.
lentwentyone ratingone you may download for your own needs, but my opinion is, the game connection is terrible and needs to be fixed.
lenfour ratingfour great game so addictive
lenseventeen ratingfive loved the first game, this is better but it still sucks the life out of your battery
lenten ratingfive really good game, so much better and more interesting than 1st
lenseventeen ratingthree it good but on the game it took away the coins i earned 5 stars if you fix
lentwelve ratingfive this game is 2 gud i could go on playing this game forever.
leneight ratingthree not a fun a the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfive good fun game kept interesting with the rewards and level up
lenfourteen ratingone it would be an awesome game if it didn't freeze after you died.
lentwentythree ratingone i guess its their way of saying don't die or you won't be able to play without starting it over again.
lenfive ratingthree tends to foreclose a lot.
lensix ratingthree lose my gems when it closes.
lentwentytwo ratingone i'll get over 1, 000 coins & have used no save me's and i will have only 300 or so left when i die.
lennineteen ratingone i've been trying to save them to get a new person & everytime i look, i have less coins.
lenseven ratingfive even more addictive than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive works great af!
lentwentysix ratingthree it's very fun to play but the game can lag quite badly often which brings the game's enjoyment down and puts frustration on people
leneighteen ratingfive this game is a lot more fun than the original but with the same (maybe better) great quality
lensix ratingfive this game is addicting love it
lenfive ratingfive it's an awesome game!
lensix ratingfive blows subway surfer off the track!
lentwentyseven ratingfour its pretty fun compared to the first temple run but sometimes when i tilt my phone he doesn't run to either side besides that 4 1/2 stars haha
lensix ratingfive download the game is pretty good.
lenfifteen ratingthree i find the controls in temple run 2 to be noticeably more sluggish than the original.
lenseventeen ratingthree and not having the option to change your sensitivity this time around is a big let down.
lensix ratingthree narrow ledges in this game = death.
lenseven ratingthree think i'll stick with the original.
leneight ratingone will it ever be compatible with galaxy tab p1ooo? :-(:-(
lennineteen ratingfour i played the first temple run and it was great, so i knew this one would  be great also!
lenthree ratingfive i love ittt
leneleven ratingfour i wish there was an option to change up the sensitivity!
leneight ratingfour i feel as if it's too low.
leneleven ratingfour other than that the game is great, aside from the lag.
lensix ratingfive better than the first and brave
lentwentyfour ratingfive way better than the lame boring first one!??ratingfour it is a game for sure, although my guy hops off of bridges randomly sometimes
lenfive ratingfive great game foe this century
lenseven ratingone force closes itself for the motorola triumph
lentwelve ratingfive this is fun and is like the old one in a way
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingfive a better upgrade to the prequel
lensixteen ratingone i can't believe i'm saying this but this game is worset than the first:-(
lenthree ratingfive bra it cool
lenfour ratingfive cool graphics, but confusing
lenfour ratingfive love the new game!
lenfifteen ratingone its vry good on my tab 2.but its not compatible on my samsung galaxy ace.?
lentwentynine ratingfive this game is the best, on my note 2 it has zero lag and perfect reaction to gestures i can play for ages on the same run with no trouble.
lenten ratingtwo would be better if you didnt lose money or gems.
lenseventeen ratingtwo it keeps taking all my money and gems if i dont use them to upgrade right away
leneleven ratingfive when i tried this game i coud not put technalagy down
lenthree ratingone just keels crashing!
lenthree ratingfour graphics are awesome
lenthirtytwo ratingfour thee game iss great way better then temple run , downside is it glitches too much and moves slow but it goes away after awhile but other then that its a good game (:
leneight ratingfive great game much better than the first one!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenseventeen ratingfive i dont know why , the game downloads but dosent install, it says unknown url, please fix it
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much!
lenfive ratingfive i give 15 stars to imaghi!
lenfive ratingfive it's fun to play
leneleven ratingfour im not even a fan of temple run but its good
lenfive ratingone it mushed together delete immediately!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i don't usually play games on my phone but this is the one.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lentwenty ratingfive this is the #1 game in the world it is soon fun you have to down load it this game rocks
lenten ratingthree it was fun ehen it didn't kick me out.
leneighteen ratingone i sent an email to you guys telling you in never got my gems from in app purchase.
leneleven ratingone had this annoyance not have happened this app would be 5 stars +.
lentwelve ratingone my son and i are hooked on this game and he is 5.
leneight ratingone please just give me my gems i purchased.
lentwelve ratingfour not as responsive on my particular phone especially on the mine cart.
leneleven ratingfour i do enjoy this game the points were easier to accumulate.
lentwentyfive ratingfive " temple run 2 is fun yall should get dis game cuz it haz ropes dat u cen swing on and stuff like dat so download it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive this game is really great, graphics are awesome and i love the idea of the levels, and unlocking content :)
lenten ratingfive great game, keeps u alert and rushing during the play.
lenfour ratingfour love this new version
lenfive ratingfive its is a awesome game!
leneight ratingfive i don't want to stop playing it!
leneight ratingfive bye gotta get back to  the game now
lennine ratingfive i love this game  iike i love my wife
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneighteen ratingfive this game is a very good game to play.i have this game on my phone amd tablet.
lentwentytwo ratingfive my three year old even likes to play it and he can do a lot better then me on this game lol.
lenten ratingfour i love it you have to get itttttttttt loooooovvvvvveeeeee it!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
leneight ratingfive a great improvement to an already addicting game
lenten ratingone it's not convenient when tilting my phone (low sensitivity).
lenfive ratingone please provide a sensitivity button.
lensixteen ratingone i would love to play but it won't even open on my htc evo shift 4g
lenseven ratingfive much better then the first temple run!
leneleven ratingfive its d best to keep ur neck down and toe up.
lenthree ratingfive awesum n fun
lentwelve ratingfour its a great game but  its some times wont let u play
lenfourteen ratingthree its cool but at times it wont open.until fixed im givin it a 3
lenfortytwo ratingfive i love it its  good then an old one it was ok but this is amazing i would give 100 stars to this game but unfortunately they got only 5 :) any way very good effort now i am waiting for it's third one.
lenseventeen ratingone the game won't even start up, doesn't get passed the start up screen and freezes
leneight ratingone it doesn't let me play, please help ?
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingthree and also power meter is not increasing when taking coins
lenfortyone ratingthree i like it when i play it on my sisters ipod better because i have a droid and every time i try to get on it,it goes back to my main menu,but its good on my sisters ipod anyway.
lennine ratingfive addicted to it love how u can change characters
lenthree ratingtwo lag and delay.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game its the best, ill give it 5 stars
leneleven ratingthree the game is not working properly in sony experia arc s
lensix ratingfive it wont load on my phone
lenthree ratingfive isn't borin
lenthirteen ratingfive never really liked the first one, but i'm addicted to this one!
lenfive ratingfive more challenging than the first!
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it :)
lenfourteen ratingone when i try to go in it force closes on samsung sidekick please fix
lenfive ratingone it wouldnt work on mine
lentwo ratingfive nice job.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lensix ratingfive hope they  make a temple run 3.
lenseven ratingfour i like it enough to uninstall part 1
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever!
lentwo ratingthree frezes alot
lennineteen ratingfour but i love it because it's one of the only android games that is fun, easy, and pointful.
lenfourteen ratingfive nothing else needs to be said temple run is temple run plain and simple.
lenfour ratingfive super good.best game.
lenthirty ratingfive this game is so fun i can't stop playing it if your debating whether to get it or not choose get it and trust me you will be satisfied
lenfourteen ratingfive the first one was lagging but the second one is not lagging at all
lenseven ratingfour a taste  of  heaven on a game !
lensix ratingfive it is better than temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive i hope yall going to make a temple run 3.
leneight ratingfive goooooooooooooooooo  ooog n intrasting game i like ittt
lentwenty ratingone why is it when i have those stupid green gems and i die i have to buy some to revive?
lenseven ratingone that's pretty darn stupid to me
lenfour ratingfive simple, but very addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive 10 times better than previous version, well done making such a great free game!
lentwentyseven ratingfive great game but i think that the part with the rails is copypasted from railrush, but i dont care cus this is a hel' of a game.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive!
lentwentyseven ratingone this game doesn't work for  me every time i click on it,it crashes it whould be great if i could play it please fix this
lennine ratingone i hate how it keep takin my effin coins
lenten ratingfive one of the funnest games to play, in my opinion :)
lenfive ratingfive nice environments and smooth play.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game cause it has more obsical courses and i like the tonnel
lenseven ratingfive it is hard but fun and cool
lenfour ratingfive great game mad fun
lentwentyfive ratingtwo evdry time i try to play it force closes and what happened to the football game you got to think if u do then 5 stars
lenfour ratingone i dont like it
leneighteen ratingfour great game but one little thing it takes forever to start up if you could fix that please
leneleven ratingone evry single time i try to play it,it force closes
lennine ratingfive amazed to see the difference between the version 1 and 2.
leneight ratingfive great job and thanks for the new version.
lennine ratingfive so addicting and even better than the first one!
lenthree ratingfive looks really cool
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lentwo ratingfive awesome games
leneight ratingthree eh, the first was a smoother  running game.
lentwelve ratingthree this one, the character does not match up with the power ups.
lennine ratingthree you actually have to jump early to hit them.
lenseven ratingthree the graphics are better on the first
lenten ratingfour its fun and all but for me its very laggy.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenseventeen ratingtwo temple run 2 is a great game unfortunately can't download it on my android fone.so sad!
lenfourteen ratingtwo i wonder what's wrong for i had no problem downloading temple run before :)
lenthirteen ratingfive it better then temple run my highest score was 1,9?,? idont remember the rest
lentwo ratingfive awesome (gt)
lenseven ratingfive i love love this game so badly
lenten ratingone the new update is really laggy and pauses the game.
lentwo ratingone unresponsive sometimes.
lenfive ratingone the accelerometer is less sensitive.
lenfive ratingone i love the game though.
lensix ratingfive this game superb from subway surfers
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lensixteen ratingone i wanted to give this five stars bit all of a sudden it won't open.
leneleven ratingone i don't want to delete it because i like it.
lenseven ratingone fix it and ill change mtg review.
lensix ratingfive originally hd quality picture nice game.
lennineteen ratingfive its cool game nobody can say that its not.if anyone says that i think he is mentally retired.
lenfive ratingfive best temple run game  yet
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 21.3 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthree ratingfive hate this level.
lenthirty ratingfive consecutive powers does not work and if we are using power ups and suddenly some new powers show up then that does not extent for double of time fix it.
lennine ratingfive this is awesomeeee im addicted o_o love it!
leneleven ratingone i cant even get past thr imangi thing before it closes.
lentwenty ratingfive this is the best version of temple run i have ever seen and played i recommend this app for everyone.
lentwenty ratingthree over all amazing game.those mines and stuff are cool.but it.freakin lags alot on my arc s damn!
lenfifteen ratingfour if your looking for a challenging and addicting game this is the game for you
lensix ratingfive i dont kniw a better game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lensix ratingfive way more fun than the first.
lensix ratingfive objective layout makes more since to
lenfive ratingfive good graphics with smooth playing
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingthree i love temple run!
lentwenty ratingthree pros- more interesting, more challenging, and great graphics cons- glitches, literally 5 minutes ago i got a high score of 5 million.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i also get gems and then i die and i can save my life by using  one and then it tells me i don't have any!
leneight ratingthree i love this game but fix the glitches!,,
lenthree ratingfive an excelent game
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is easy n happy.i will keep focus on this game.but it is too easy.please fix it .
lenthree ratingone this game stinkss
lensixteen ratingone the start up screen comes(imangi studios) and goes back to the menu,please fix this.
lenfour ratingfive its an lg thrill!
lennine ratingfive lov this game cant wait for 3 to come out!:)
lentwelve ratingtwo this game is a great game but it needs to be fixed.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the game lags while doing turns which results in multiple deaths over and over again.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is th best game ever!
lenfourteen ratingfive more of the same with enough variation to make this game a worthy download.
lenthirteen ratingfive fantastic graphics, easy control and frequent obstacles make for a very addictive game.
lentwo ratingfive great gui
lentwelve ratingfour compared to the original, it seems like there's a heavy lag.
lensixteen ratingfour i set the graphics at the lowest, and it helps, but still seems a bit laggy.
lenten ratingfour don't think it has to do with beginning levels.
lennine ratingfour i am digging the new twists and turns, though.
lenten ratingfour beware if you get funky at heights and on coasters.
lennine ratingfour some of the visuals are kind of tummy-churning.
lenfour ratingfive its fun and challenging
leneleven ratingthree my game keeps lagging, very hard to play the game overall.
lennineteen ratingthree furthermore, downloading and updating is proving to be difficult as i keep getting a 'package file is invalid' error.
lennineteen ratingthree the only way to update this app on my phone is to delete the entire app and reinstall it.
lentwo ratingfive greaat game!
lenfour ratingfive i love itt :d
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseventeen ratingfive far more fun to play as compares to the first one, and has a lot of improvements!
lenthree ratingfive amazing, simply amazing.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive better than the first one.favorite game on my phone
lentwo ratingfive mast game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneight ratingone pls fix the lag for xperia arc s
lentwentythree ratingfive i have thin on my ipad and it is very very very very very very very funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn and so on  and so on
lensix ratingfive good, quick game to pass time.
lennine ratingthree is there a glitch i don't accumulate coins
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneighteen ratingfive much improved from the first temple run and the updates are doing well to fix the slight issues.
lenfive ratingfive fun addictive and finally challenging!
lenten ratingone all i can see is the new imangi studios logo.
lenten ratingone the game just doesn't start up on my cell .
lenfourteen ratingone hope they fix it or else i was really looking forward to playing it.
lensixteen ratingtwo it was great fun while i could play, it team smoothly and the game was great!
leneleven ratingtwo now every time i try to open the game it closes!
lenthirteen ratingtwo please find a solution if possible, running gingerbread 2.3.5 on a samsung galaxy player 5.0
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingone the game always quit!
lennine ratingone i install the game 2times and it still keep quiting!
lenthirteen ratingthree still lags for samsung stratosphere :/ causes me to lose most of the time -_-
lentwelve ratingfive it may be a lil bit challenging bt it has me hooked.
lennine ratingfive i love playing this while i get a colonoscopy.
lenseventeen ratingone this app won't load at all opens and immediately force closes, just wasted time and space.
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
lenfour ratingfive wow the zip line!
lentwelve ratingfive but some more characters for running should be there like in 1st part
lenthirteen ratingfive this is fun i love wasting away my life running from a monkey.
lenseven ratingfive i lobe the graphics on this game!
lenfive ratingfive it's much more addicting!
lensix ratingfive this is a really nice game
lentwentyone ratingfive even better than the fest, more to the running scene but wish the big thing chasing you still made monkey sounds.
lennine ratingfive my two year old loved when i'd trip!
lenthree ratingfour super game really.
lenseventeen ratingthree bug#1- if i press skip after falling or getting caught  and the game restarts, the "run again"
lenfour ratingthree button isn't there.
leneight ratingthree you need to minimize and reopen the game .
lenseventeen ratingthree bug#2 sometimes  in the same scenario and i run again and get caught, no distance  is registered.
leneighteen ratingfour great game but sometimes freezes for a moment and in a game like this that would ruin everything!
lenseven ratingfour great but subway suffers is way better!
lensix ratingfour fun game my kids love it
leneight ratingfour this a good game, but it is laggy.
lennine ratingfive graphics and the game way better than the first
lennine ratingthree after 2 updates i'm still on the loading screen.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love the new graphics of this game, the power ups are absolutly amazing, totaly much better than the first one, keep it up !
lenfourteen ratingfive im expecting a temple run 3 with even more better powee ups than this one :)
leneight ratingfive m lovin it.everythng in perfect in it
lenfour ratingfour best game very entertianing :)
lenthree ratingfour its freakn awesome
lenfive ratingfive this game is really awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i recommend playing it.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys!
lensix ratingfive love it, much better then the 1st
lensix ratingfive it's a good fun game
lenthirteen ratingthree every time i get ove 3000 coins it buys head starts on its own
leneight ratingfive love the new 3d rotation soooo much thumbs up!
lenseventeen ratingone in my micromax a110 it is not installed getting error invalid packeg,  i hope it will be corrected .?
lenthirteen ratingone it won't start it just sits there and does nothing, any solutions?
lenthree ratingfive 1st - temple run2 ; 2nd - subway surfers.
lensix ratingfive jst lv these games ,,,,  thank u *^_^*
lenfour ratingfive game is super addictive!
lenfour ratingtwo the previous version was.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo good for my phone but since i updated it it lags too much in my xperia neo v. 5stars after the problem fix.
lenthree ratingfive petualanganya lebih seru.
leneight ratingfive great to google play for best app game
lentwo ratingfour cool escape
lentwenty ratingfour the update made it when i get coins they get really slow when they try to reach my power up
lenten ratingfive very good graphics and more interesting from the first one
lenseven ratingfive this is way better than temple run
lenfourteen ratingfour i'm impressed at how it differs from the first but is still good.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is definitely a step up from the original temple run!
lenten ratingfive lot's of fun and run smoothly on my nexus 7!
lenfour ratingfive seronok btl game ni.
leneight ratingfour a little laggy but better than the first
lenseven ratingtwo user achievement and data lost after update.
lensix ratingtwo all hours pour in is gone.
lentwentysix ratingfour only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it has sporadic delays/hiccups.whatever you want to call them.that tend to cause you to die.
leneighteen ratingfour i'm sure they're minor glitches, and i'm happy to re-rate if they clear up.
lentwo ratingfive super exciting.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a good game and i really recommend people to download it.
lensix ratingfive the graphics are much more better!
lenseven ratingfive very addicting game!keep it up guys
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game! :)
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenten ratingfive only problem is,  all the coins i collect suddenly disappear!
lentwentyfour ratingfive don't give one star reviews because you play games on your cheap version of android phones, runs fine on mytouch slide and galaxy s3
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lensix ratingfive the game i have never played.
lensix ratingfive thank u. imagni for good game.
lennine ratingfive even more addicting now that this version has trains!
lentwentyfive ratingthree game finds good oly but i can't find exit option.if i press back button and come out, it sucks most of my ram !
lenfive ratingthree bloody game pzz fix this
lentwentyfive ratingone i have been waiting for a new update hoping that after that update i would be able to play it, but i was completly wrong.
lentwentyseven ratingone there is still a problem, everytime i try to play it goes to the imangi loading page then it just closses and goes to my home screen.
lentwelve ratingone it does not even ask me to fprse close it just closes.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingone dosent work on motorola triumph
lenthree ratingfive best game  bye
lenfour ratingfive amazing game & excellent graphics!
lenthree ratingone no facebook connectivity?!?!?
lensix ratingone doesn't even deserve one star!
lennine ratingone plus, the first one is better in my opinion.
lenthree ratingone doesnt open /stalls
lennineteen ratingone i have an htc evo and it just sits at the loading screen, please make a fix for this.
lennine ratingfive its okay but my phone lags a lot so.
lenten ratingfive been waiting for it to come to the android market :)
lentwelve ratingthree and since temple run 2 came out, i installed it and opened it.
lenfourteen ratingthree it has the imangi studios picture there, but after it froze, it force closed.
lenseven ratingfive an amazing app love it imangi studio!
lenthirtytwo ratingone this is s unbelievable game it take to long to download that i stop installing it to where i stared unstalling it lolxxzz but yea i does take a really long time
lennine ratingone it still crashes at the imangi studios loading pic.
leneight ratingone you guys still need to fix for sidekick 4g!
lenten ratingfive like i said its tots awesome and fun for anyone :-)
lensixteen ratingone everytime android tries to put something on the market after apple it always has a problem.
lensixteen ratingone like this would be great game if it wasn't for the lag and the delay!
lenseven ratingfive i like this better then the first
lenthree ratingfive love the game. .
lenseven ratingfive love love love on my samsung galaxy s3!
lenthirteen ratingfive this version is definitely better than the original and it's so addicting!
leneleven ratingone it wont past the imangi studious part then it forces close
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so awesome and addictive non stop playing temple run.
lenthirtynine ratingfive its really fun even though i deleted it for all of you wanting to get it now its your chance to be honest i suck at this game but im sure everyone else it a lot better than me.
leneleven ratingfour i wait and it vibrates and goes backto my home screen.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour 2 times i install it again but it never work ill rate this 5 stars for now ill rate this 4 please do something about it i love temple run please make an update on this i want to play this. :-)
lenfive ratingfive its really an awesome game!
lentwelve ratingthree it's a great game, but it lags a lot on my s3.
lenten ratingthree its not near as smooth as the original temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game so much its very fun its better than the first
lentwo ratingfive pure brilliance
leneight ratingfive and very happy about the way it looks ?
lenthirtythree ratingfive well i really love it more easy than the other temple run but i like the other one better cause you can by speed and you don't have a level on it.
lensix ratingfive but i still enjoy this game
lenthree ratingfive awesome just awesome
lenseven ratingfive superb game nic graphics n nic objectives
leneight ratingfive it won't let me download this app
leneight ratingfour better than temple run 1.got to keep running. .
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive hands down best app
lenthirteen ratingtwo downloaded and uninstalled 4 times won't open the game what's up google
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lentwelve ratingfive so glad that they got that dumb save me glitch fixed up.
leneight ratingfive only comment is that its kinda too easy.
lennineteen ratingfive the first one is more challenging because once u get to a higher score it doesnt speed up much.
lennine ratingfive i got to 7.8 million easy with just a 40x multiplier
lenthirtysix ratingfour super fun n good and all but i don't understand why on my friends i phone and on my kindle i there are leader board icons while on my sii i don't have it?
lennineteen ratingfour would be perfect 5 stars if i had a leader board to compare my 102 million scoreboard with kurrylova@gmail.com
lenfour ratingfive great fun addicting game!
lenfourteen ratingthree love the game but it has a lot of glitches with the android phone.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfour passes time while i'm bored and really fun
lenseven ratingfive cool game best temple  run game ever
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingone slow reaction on my galaxy s 3.
lenten ratingfive this game so intresting i can't stop play it.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfour great game it runs perfect on my galaxy s2 and its really fun
lenfive ratingone freezes up after every game.
leneleven ratingone i have to close out and my stuff doesn't save.
lenseven ratingone if i change any settings, it freezes.
lensix ratingone plus it deleted all my stuff.
lensix ratingfive nice and fun, i like ut
lenseven ratingfive no lagging like the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1
lentwentyone ratingone i got to said that i love temple run but this one it didn't work for my samsung galaxy s.  :'(
lenfifteen ratingfour having great time playing this game,it's hard to get bored on this game.
lenfifteen ratingfour p.s,all those new powerup are awesome,  it actually help me break 15k run easily.
leneight ratingfive even more addicting then the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive a 5 star game.
lenten ratingfive thank you for making a perfect game like this free.
lenfourteen ratingfive update-just got all of the abilities and afterwards i purchased the coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfive greatest game ever and well worth purchasing the coin doubler to help the dev.
lentwentytwo ratingfive update- after my coin doubler problem, imangi studios responded quickly and gave me a refund and i still have my coin doubler.
lenseven ratingfive still can't stop to play it.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenthree ratingfive trains are fun.
lensix ratingfive better than subway surfers hands down.
leneighteen ratingfive i have played the first but this one is awesome graphics are very good i love this game
leneight ratingfive used this email to buy another coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfive imangi studios refunded my money very quickly and i still have my coin doubler.
leneight ratingfive love everything about this game and imangi studios.
lenfourteen ratingone though a nice game bt do not work in240*320 pixel resolution its jst a dump
lensix ratingfive i love everything on temple run 2!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive i think you guys should add a part where you have to cross a river as one of the obstacles and you have to tap on the screen over and over to swim across.
lenten ratingfive if you don't swim across fast enough, you die.
leneight ratingfive the slower you go, the faster your "power"
lenten ratingfive i think that'd be a great obstacle to add!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with excellent graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfive on n in n on n on n on great day for a run
lenthirtyseven ratingone after downloading i tried to play but all it did was glitch out freeze and lag terribly the whole time i tried to play the way it did on the first one anyway this can be fixed?
lentwo ratingfive swag turtle
lenseven ratingfive it is very good and fine game
lentwelve ratingfive its way better then the last one and it has better features
lenseven ratingfour very fun way to waste some time.
lentwo ratingfour super addictive
lennine ratingtwo after installing the cm9i can't tilt properly please fix
leneight ratingfive a lot better then the first boring one!
lenseven ratingfive love it .my number one game now.
lentwelve ratingfour takes lots of time to start in my xperia u?    good graphics.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is one the most addicting games i ever played on my phone!
lenfive ratingthree why cant i play it?
lensixteen ratingthree ive been having experiences when it doesnt let me play and goes back to home screen. -.-
lenfive ratingfive improved graphics and more exciting.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game and nice concept
lenthirteen ratingtwo i have alot of memory open and its still lagging and not responding.
lenfour ratingtwo make the game better.
lenten ratingtwo im uninstalling because you simply cannot make it stop stalling.
lenthree ratingtwo waste of time.
lenthirteen ratingfive when the kids see the icon an go wild that says it all
lenthree ratingfive good entertaining game
lenthree ratingfive enjoying a lot.
lenseven ratingfive makes me to play and play again
lenfive ratingthree lag sometimes, cause me trouble.
lensix ratingfive i loves this one 2 is banging.
lenfive ratingfive it's fun.,, tama lang.,
lenfive ratingthree my un spent $$ constantly disappears!
lenthirteen ratingfive much improvement over the first, while still keeping true to the originals spirit
lenten ratingone opens only one time and that's after initial installation.
lenfive ratingone i have a samsung stratosphere.
lentwelve ratingfour it runs smooth.i gave 4 stars because it's too difficult :p
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playin! :d
leneight ratingfive i like #2 it is more difficult and fun
lentwo ratingfive cool awesome
leneleven ratingone i fall off cliffs because it doesn't register my moves!
lenten ratingone also, i paid for gems and haven't received them.
lennine ratingone contacted customer service and haven't received a response.
lentwo ratingthree fun game.
lennineteen ratingthree definitely an improvement, love the new cart play and 'save me' option, but not so big on the gems.
leneighteen ratingthree also it freezes up on the droid and exits automatically after you get a decent amount of points.
lensixteen ratingfour on samsung galaxy sii i need to tilt my phone way too hard for making turns.
lenfifteen ratingfour and second thing which bothers me is i can't share my scores on facebook.
lensixteen ratingfour it's not criticizing you.its just a request from a hard core temple run fan.
leneight ratingfour thank you for bringing this to play store.
lennine ratingfive i love this game and the graphics are amazing !
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on my  phone:/
lensix ratingthree lumayan buat isi- isi memori card
leneight ratingfour a lot of new stuff from temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingfour only gripe is it might run a bit laggy on older hardware.
lenfour ratingfour great game overall though.
lennineteen ratingone i bought two coin packs and i got robbed of my money no coins just money spent on nothing
lentwentyfive ratingfive i like this game bcuz theres alot more things 2 do obt his game+theres alot uv details to it thats wut i like about it.
leneight ratingfive another thing iz theres .no problem with it
lenseven ratingthree still lags and the controls are slow.
leneighteen ratingthree i don't know how many times i've tried to turn but gone straight instead and died.
lenfive ratingone doesnt get past load screen.
lenthirteen ratingone stalls my phone and i have lots of ram and a 1 ghz processor.
lennine ratingone repair soon please im a avid temple run player
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingone i love this game but i can't go through a single run without it glitching.
lentwelve ratingone i wish they would fix it because this game really is awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive there will be no regret if u downloaded and play this game.
lenseven ratingfive with very smooth graph and motion controlling.
lenten ratingfive every time you will try to beat your high score.
lensix ratingfive maybe even better then the original
lenfourteen ratingfour this is a very good game different from the last one and more addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfour nice game but colors r mix up specially in background and coins otherwise its superb
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting!
lennine ratingfour extremely laggy, but it is really just the phone.
lentwentytwo ratingfour sometimes it won't turn or jump, and on all devices i've played it on it is really hard to tilt.
lentwentythree ratingfour overall fun game with some lag (because of phone, worst phone ever, wouldn't wish it upon my worst enemy, never get jt)
lenten ratingfive superb graphics n smooth play even on my htc hd2.gingerbread.
lenseven ratingfive awesome, but sometimes it gets slow down.
lenfour ratingfive pretty f***in awesome
lenfour ratingone using a note 2 here.
lentwentythree ratingone i am level 8 and the coin magnet powerup says unlock at lvl 5 but i still cant use it on any 4 of the characters.
lentwo ratingfive temple awsome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfive i love everything about this .the game graphics are awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive and the new goals make it very addictive thanks for all the work put into this!
lenseven ratingfive luv it the best game out there
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks.
lenfive ratingfive graphics and gameplay are great.
lenseven ratingfour way better then the first temple run.
lenseven ratingfive works great on my xperia tl:d
lentwo ratingfour great game
lensix ratingfive nicer graphics than the first veriob
lentwelve ratingone i dont know if its just my phonee but it doesntt open\:
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive great game, most fun i had in a while from google app games.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingone i'm using a motorola milestone .
lenfive ratingfive huge upgrade from the 1st one.
lensix ratingfive i love to play temple run.
lenseven ratingfive it is much better than previous one.
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game.imangi group have nailed it again.great graphics.great gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive looking forward to other games by imangi.
lenfour ratingfive its the real game
leneight ratingfive fast paced, simple controls and much improved graphics.
lenforty ratingtwo as soon as i start the game the guy is all the way to the left.to get in middle got to turn phone 25 d/a and 50 d/a for left side .tried game on 2 other brand phones same problem.
lenfour ratingfive saya suka games ini
lenfour ratingfive i loooove this game!
lentwo ratingthree lagging sometime
lenten ratingfive good graphic performance and nice run .i like very much .
lenfour ratingfive play more and more
lentwentyone ratingtwo even with both music and fx sound bars all the way down, i still here main character footsteps and monster footsteps.
lenfifteen ratingfour phone gets pretty hot while playing this not sure if that's good or not.
lennineteen ratingfive this game realy fun just try and u will only play this game and never play lagi games bye
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lentwenty ratingone post the intial start, the game starts to slow down and eventually the controls dont respond and the game ends.
leneight ratingone can't get passed the imangi studios screen.
leneight ratingfive this game is very fun gre at upgrades.
lensix ratingfive a lot better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive need more dlc
lentwentyeight ratingfive very good luv it super better just wish it would have came out earlier than the the i phonw it came like a week and a half later
lentwentyfour ratingfour it really good, but i know i am tilting the screen when you have to go to the sides yet i still fall off
lenten ratingone i would give 5 stars if there is an exit button.
leneleven ratingfour this is definitely a challenging game but none the less entertaining.
lenthree ratingfour helpful hint, run.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive much less terrifying than yhe original  and involves cooker graphics
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive its fun game
lenfour ratingfive it a ok game
lentwelve ratingfour i love the new game, but wish it didnt lag so much.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive this is a very excellent game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive the only thing i kind of miss from temple run 1 is that you when you get a magnet  and you get another 1 while the first magnet is still running it does not extend the magnet time.
lenfive ratingfive it is definitely worth it.
lenseven ratingfive just please bring back the magnet extender !
lenfour ratingfive love the new graphics.
lenfour ratingfive looks amazing on my s3
lennine ratingfive i love this game, it's a huge improvement!
lenten ratingfive the only downfall is it turns slow around the corners.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfour loving this game.
leneight ratingfour much more fun and adventure than tempke run 1.
lentwo ratingfour awesome play
lentwelve ratingtwo game is fun, i love tr1 but this one has a big problem.
lenseven ratingtwo didn't keep track of my coins.
leneleven ratingtwo always gave me random numbers when i didn't spend any.
lenseventeen ratingfive i looooove this game and i introduced it to my boyfriend and he can't stop playing.:-):-):-):-)
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lennine ratingfive great game but the first one is much better.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive simple but fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive thankyou imangi for this amazing free game.
lensix ratingfive follow me on twitter @midlife_ceo
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfive i loved the graphics.
lentwentyseven ratingone yuk its downloading process is very slow & while downloading it in galaxy tab 2 it crashes every time & it shows errors while downloading.plz do smthng!very dissappointed! :(
lentwo ratingfive nice adventure
lenseventeen ratingfive its awsome.but not hard as temple run.its simple n with cool graphics.i love it
leneighteen ratingfive this game is fun to and easy i like how u can play as a girl and boy
leneight ratingfour i prefer this game than the original version :)
lennineteen ratingone could just be the crappy phone but this app slows my phone down epicly bad and wont even run.
lenthree ratingone its pretty awful.
lenfour ratingfive absolutely love the game.
lenfour ratingfive many hours spent playing.
leneleven ratingfive and my little 2 y/o nephew rocks at this game too.
lensix ratingfive great hand/eye training.well done
lenfifteen ratingone all it does is load the "i" logo screen for a minute then exits out.
lennine ratingone after freezing on the first screen it just crashes.
leneighteen ratingone i imagine its a good game, i really enjoyed the first one, but i can't even play.
lensix ratingone perhaps its a motorola triumph bug?
lentwo ratingfour nice improvement
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi
lenseven ratingfive thank you for bringing this to android.
lenfour ratingfive amazin game.d best
lenthirteen ratingfive itz much more better experience than the first version.thnx to imangi studios
lenten ratingtwo this game is so laggy it's not even funny.
lensixteen ratingtwo it's making me extremely frustrated because i die all the time because of the lagging.
leneighteen ratingtwo if you could fix this it would be great, i know it was fixed for the apple products.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic sequel!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfive ratingfive totally different from previous version.
lensix ratingone this game dosent let u play
lenfourteen ratingtwo cool graphics but it really lags and poor touch response on my samsung s 3.
lentwelve ratingtwo the first temple run doesn't lag as much and more sensitive.
lenthree ratingfive i getting mad.
lensix ratingfive this game is jusj lyk wwwoww.
lennine ratingfive too good and easy while compare to temple run 1.
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 21.3 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthree ratingfive hate this level.
lenthirtyone ratingfive consecutive powers does not work and if we are using power ups and suddenly some new powers show up then that does not extent for double of time please fix it.
lenthree ratingfive sometimes gems show -1.
lentwo ratingfive beyond auusummm.
lenthree ratingfive its soo addictive! !
lensix ratingfive a lot better then temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive like this one more
lentwentyfive ratingfive though it's not a million miles from the original, some nice tweaks and the fact that it's free make it am essential download.
lenfive ratingfive nice game any enjoy more
lensix ratingfive haven't any word for describing .
lenfour ratingfive great great and great
leneight ratingone the tilt doesn't work on my android.
lensix ratingfive a perfect sequel of temple run!
lentwo ratingfive exelent game
lenfive ratingfour played temple run 1 - hated it.
leneight ratingfour took my chances with this game - loved it !
lenfive ratingfour the experience is totally different.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive love the new one it doesnt lag on my phone n its more adventurous then the first one im hooked on them :)
lenfour ratingfive better than d previous 1
lenten ratingfour it has nice graphics and the game play is good.
lensix ratingfour but temple run 1 is still better.
lenthree ratingfive fun nd entertaining
lenseven ratingfive tr was great this is even better
lenthirtytwo ratingfour take a lil while to get use to it but it's tons of fun can be a little repetitive but you easily look past that when you beat your best score
lenfiftysix ratingfour i would give it a 5 star but new in next update this must be fixed when we complete an object like make 50,000,000 and i make 1,12,000,000 and it puts a tick on the objective but the next objective comes 1,00,000,000  this should also be completed i have to do this all over it should be done at once.
lenfive ratingfive more fun than the first!
lentwenty ratingfive the game runs smooth and quick, the graphics look pretty and the gameplay is just as addicting as the first.
lenfour ratingfive maybe even more so.
lenfour ratingfive excellent efforts guys amazing !
lenten ratingfive no wonder its one of the most popular games around.
lenseven ratingone deleted account and a waste of time
lenseventeen ratingfive the second temple run is absolutely fantastic they fixed the bug which made the screen too big.
lentwo ratingfive improved graphics
lenseven ratingfour fun and addictive .shows wat real 3d is .
leneleven ratingthree it wont load past the logo screen and exits by itself!
lentwentyfour ratingthree please help, i really love playing this game on my ipad and wanna be able to play it on the go on my phone.
lennine ratingfour the wheel barrel is kinda hard but cool game
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are really good and this game is the best game ever!
lenfive ratingone still crashes on loading screen.
lensix ratingone it is thw worst games ever :-) :-) :-)
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive so addicitve and fun.
lenfour ratingfive just reached 10 million earlier  :) .
lenfifteen ratingfive only negative point ; the double coin purchase hasn't activated and it's annoying me.
lentwelve ratingone it start on my lavd n350 bt crashes as soon as it start
lensix ratingfive no words need to be said
lenthree ratingfive is beautiful game
lenfour ratingfive total respect for developers
lennine ratingfour after this update all of my data has gone.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run is a classic game but temple run 2 is even better.
lentwenty ratingfive very nice very much nice out of the world too good very much graphics game all this was a joke
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics are awesome and the game keeps you amused for hours on end!
lenfour ratingfive please make temple run 3!
lenfour ratingfive better then the original
lennine ratingone freezes & forces closed every time i try to play.
lenfiftyone ratingfive i'm sure this game is great as i loved the other one but for some reason it's not letting me download it, fix it and i will most probably rate 5 stars  updated  tried and tried it and its finally downloaded, love it, much better than the already brilliant 1st one.
leneight ratingfive where is a link to donate to developers?
lentwelve ratingfive i can't see it in game menu or in google play.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the fun!
lensix ratingfour 1st 1 waz more better , bt gr8 work imangi , !
lenseven ratingthree cool game, very different from the first.
leneighteen ratingone pls tell me how to pass the broken rail road in the mine.than i give u 5 stars.
leneleven ratingone it says error in my galaxy tab when i download it.
lenten ratingone i cannot open or play this game on my phone
leneight ratingfive amazing game even better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive i highly recommend this game.
lennine ratingfive one of the best action games i have found
lenfive ratingfive good game, better graphics than tr1.
lenthirteen ratingfive bigger and better seems to be the mantra for imangi for temple run 2.
lenfourteen ratingfive they have gone out of their way to make this incredible and challenging game.
lenthree ratingfive totally addictive game!
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and gameplay
lenfourteen ratingone this is crappy keeps going to black screen can you fix the problem please.
lennine ratingfive this is soon much better than no.1, love it!
lennine ratingfive great graphics and i'm digging the new stuff.
lenseven ratingfive as always, a really nice time waster
lentwentythree ratingfive i definitely like it better than the first although it sometimes freezes for half a second other than that i love the game
lensix ratingfive wow neva seen anything like it
lentwo ratingfive pretty fun
lenseven ratingfive hpe the series of temple run continuous
lenfive ratingfive downloading update is so slow
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lentwo ratingfour super game.
lenthree ratingfive excellent good grafix
lenfourteen ratingfive addicting gameplay, plays even better than the original, and a lot of leveling up.
lentwo ratingfour epic game.
leneight ratingfour but lags a bit on my xperia j.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenfive ratingfive i need some new character
lensixtythree ratingtwo after a long day this is still the result of crashes and stuck in imangi studios logo on gt-p1010 running on android 2.2.1,i mean wtf until now the crash still here after the update?!wtf i am expecting to update this tommorow or later!you need to remember this until its not yet fix my rate will get lower and lower and lower
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingone it doesnt work even updated, fix fix fix pls
lentwo ratingfive great game. :)
lenfive ratingfive so fun so recommend it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lenfive ratingfive works fine on my phone.
lenten ratingfive the continuous tilting has added the thrill in the game!
lenfiftysix ratingthree it is an okay game but i don't like that you can't choose the sensitivity any more it is too much like the i sheep version that tells you want you want and doesn't let you choose anything,  also you can't choose the power up you want, that was a lame change.
lenthree ratingfour cool tym pass
lenfifteen ratingone plz help me to download dis on my tab,as getting an error msg as 498.
lenten ratingthree will get 5 stars when the game is not so laggy.
lentwentyone ratingthree be the best game in the market if the character didn't run into a tree after i swiped to turn.
lentwo ratingfive brillient game
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingfour better dan 1
lenseven ratingfive best game ever so fun and exexciting
lensix ratingfive it is very stupid and cool
lenthree ratingfive nice, crashed thou
lenfive ratingfour this game is very excellent!
lenforty ratingfive only one irritation the lean phone should have a way to disable on put on auto cannot play while relaxing on a couch forces sit up and hold phone in a certain way subway surfers is friendly in this way
lenten ratingfive best game ive played on a mobile device yet.addicting!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome!
lenthirtyone ratingone i cant download it an error accor i dont know why there is an error so plz plz fix this problem i really wanna try this new verion of temple run
lenthree ratingfive i like bugs.
lenfour ratingfive addictive and masarrah gomez
lenfour ratingfive really good game great!
lenfive ratingfour i thoroughly enjoy the game!
lensix ratingthree this is your lucky day:) suckkaaaa
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfour nice guys!
lenfour ratingfive better than older version.
lenfive ratingfive awesome sequel to the original!
lenthree ratingone stuck at level 8.
lenfour ratingone lifetime meter not working.
lenfourteen ratingone edit: after last update, the objectives worked until reaching level 9, where they duplicated again.
lentwo ratingfive verryyyy addiiccttiivveeee !
lenten ratingfive keep playing to achieve the highest score and great graphics!
lensix ratingfive it's like drugs, highly addictive.
leneleven ratingfive i compete for scores with my dad, bro, relatives n friends.
lensix ratingfive they r addicted to temple run 2.
lenthirteen ratingfive well this game deserves a 5 star rating.the last objectives are same almost.
lenfour ratingfive need some new adventures,
lenfour ratingfour good game for free.
lensixteen ratingfour just wish that there were more level changes once you get to around the 5000 meter mark.
lentwelve ratingfive imangi just fix the issue i told, now its fine working smooth!
leneighteen ratingfour very nice one just need to change each level rather than doing it again in the same area.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lenseven ratingone i cannot get the game to load.
leneleven ratingone i get to the imangi studios screen then the game dies.
leneight ratingone please fix as i would love to play.
lenthree ratingfive temple run rocks.
leneight ratingfive d best game i ever playd in android.
lensix ratingone does not work on lg stereoscopic 3d
lennine ratingfive great game to play, nice work from imangi studios.
leneight ratingfive love to collect coins and unlock all levels.
lennine ratingfive a lost harder than temple run1 but i like it.
lennineteen ratingfive please fix the bug so that i can play it.just get small screen and too conjusted to play.
lenthree ratingfive owww excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive all the issues resloved.
lenfive ratingfive happy :) moving single star to 5.
lenseventeen ratingfive my old comment was bellow   ""sluggish, slow, tillt 180?to 0?to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity.
lensixteen ratingfive tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found.
lenseven ratingfive sounds like its not optimized for note 1.
lennine ratingfive the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note.
lenseven ratingfive as of now it deserves single star""
lensix ratingfive goodbye temple run 1 hello temple run 2
lentwenty ratingfive excellent graphics, pls update with new features.include travel in boats and flying in glider.it will b more exciting.
lenfour ratingfive love this new game!
lenthirteen ratingfive it runs perfectly on my phone and the graphics are super nice too.
lenfour ratingfive love it very addicting
lensix ratingfive love it love it love it.
lentwo ratingfour ghainnnt ya
lentwentyfive ratingone it probably is a great game but its either my phone or this game that won't let me play which is a let down.
leneight ratingone i redownloaded many times yet it doesnt work.
lenseventeen ratingone when i turn it on, it won't load and the game will turn off by itself.
lenseventeen ratingone hopefully they fix this because i really wanted to try this game since temple run was good.
lenseven ratingfive best running game out there hands down.
lenseven ratingone lags a lot on my xperia neol
lentwentyfour ratingfour great game, more fun than the first, but still not enough changes to hold your attention any longer than the first game may have.
leneight ratingfour but hey, its super free and super fun.
leneight ratingfive awesome dude this is better than  temple tun 1
lenfive ratingone i cant access this application
lensixteen ratingone after double tapping a powerup and if you pick the same ups, it won't stack.
lenseventeen ratingone when playing with karma lee, the sound of when getting a gem is kinda out of tune.
lenfourteen ratingone when using scarlet, sometimes after using boost, the speed remains the same without invulnerability.
leneight ratingone and sometimes the screen is not that responsive.
leneight ratingone good thing i already have scored 10m points lol
lentwentynine ratingfive i never used to leave a rate or review in any games or apps, but this tym i cant resist myself to gv this game a perfct 5 in rating.
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics, exciting, entirely addictive game.
lentwelve ratingfive it is one of the best mobile games i've ever played.
lensixteen ratingfive i loved the original temple run, but had everything unlocked and was hoping for an update.
lensixteen ratingfive i waited and waited and instead of making an update they made a whole freakin game!
lentwo ratingfive hell yeah!
leneight ratingone can't download it because of an error.
lenthree ratingfive ang ganda sobra !
lentwelve ratingfive love this game truly addictive and useful when sitting on the throne.
lentwentyfive ratingfive my only complaint is that time doesn't reset when you activate a power up and you pick up the same power along the way.
leneleven ratingfive i think it should reset the time of the power-up.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenfive ratingfive love it, i'm addicted?
lenfive ratingfive best game on play store.
lenfifteen ratingfive beautiful graphics awesome gameplay, already anticipating the release of temple run 3.great work imangi studios!
lennine ratingfive now if only a pc version can be released.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive its a nice game :d must try it
lenthree ratingfive its awesome game.
lensix ratingfive i'm really enjoying this game.
lensix ratingfive all the best tample run team:)
lenfive ratingfive big fan of temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive nice graphic an as usual can't get bored with this game.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run and temple run 2 are definitely among the best mobile games.
lenfour ratingfive never makes me boring
lenthree ratingfive awesome and addicting
leneight ratingone i just downloaded it but it wont work.
lenten ratingone i pressed like the 20th times but its a no show.
lenfive ratingone im a galaxy tab gt-p1000
lenfifteen ratingfour i dont if the problem is on my xperia arc or in the game itself
lentwo ratingfour superb graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour its realy nice game but sensitivety creat problum some time in my tab
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive yo this is de best gam eva u hv to get it ppl lol
lenfive ratingfive never been a game freak.
lentwelve ratingfive but, temple run guys you have made me change my own philosophies.
lenfive ratingfive will look forward to ver 3.0
lensixteen ratingfive they took the great formula added a couple new things to make the recipe remain fresh
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfifteen ratingfour good game very good but it lags on my s plus so plz optimize it.
lensix ratingfive very nice game batter first version.
lenthirteen ratingthree when i use headstarts it doesn't increase the bar in my objectives.
lenfifteen ratingthree also, when i purposely don't collect coins, it doesn't tick the  objective off.
lenseven ratingfive working nice in my samsung galaxy ace 2.
lenfive ratingfive this app is so amazing!
leneight ratingfive but the sensitivity is very less compared to 1.
lenfifteen ratingfour i will give it 5 stars when it stops taking my coins away for no reason
lentwo ratingtwo fabulus game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive great game to kill time and absolutely no skill required.
lenseven ratingfive i like temple run 2 more than than 1
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game.imangi group have nailed it again.great graphics.great gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive looking forward to other games by imangi.
leneight ratingone won't start just keeps "force to close"
lenten ratingfive great game.love the graphics really can't stop playing.
lenten ratingfour its a nice game i dint see game like this
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lenthree ratingfive it run flawlessly.
lennine ratingfive it is the best game snd better than temple run1.
lennineteen ratingfive i play it for 2-3 hours everyday but the scenery in the background is low resolution which doesnt looks good
lenfive ratingfive this game is meager awesomeness.
lenseven ratingfive 133games n my highest score 19.2m. m addicted
lenfour ratingfive all beter and beter!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game! :)
lenfifteen ratingfour its a good game if bit more of difficulties would have made it even greater.
lenfive ratingfour nice  i will try it
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1. :)
lentwentyfour ratingfive there's no doubt its a good game but there are few bugs in this which might someone haven't faced or reported yet.
lennine ratingfive its hangs sometimes when to try using "save me"
lenthirtyone ratingfive option and what ever the amount of gems you having at that time, hang makes them negative (-) and when you restart the game you will see you have lost all gems.
lentwentyone ratingfive power ups if you having and while playing if you get the same power up, then you cant use it again.
lennine ratingfive it will over according to the first power up.
lenfifteen ratingfive i hope developers wont like to listen about bugs after there so much hard work.
leneight ratingfive appreciate this wonderful and extraordinary and attractive game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i keep playing it day and night, but these bugs make me suffer sometime.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for this game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive great game good graphics but the tilting is little bit log on sony xperia neo l please fix 5 stars for this game
lennine ratingfive it's a whole lot better than the original!
lenfive ratingfive it's just superb game .
lenseventeen ratingfive many of the games will get boring after sometimes but this one increasing the thrill every time
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally cool
lentwenty ratingthree the broken road there i turn already same die and after get injured in waterfalls the game characters run like -
lenthree ratingfive merge bine jocul
lentwo ratingfive real awesome
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfour fix it and i will rate 5 star
lenfour ratingfive asome game very addictive
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive far superior to the previous temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are way better especially with the graphics slider, in the settings.
lensix ratingfive love every thing about this game.
lenfive ratingfive you should definitely download it.
lentwentysix ratingfive as prince of persia.its by default 5 sta undoubtedly rs.but without indiana jones character!?thats wierd .why the snake and frog eating chinese karma lee?
lentwelve ratingfive oh remove her n have jndiana jones.and  what about the stages?
lentwentynine ratingfive please for goodness sake have indiana jones character.and when a power is taken twice.the power of one only runs it doesnt continue.hope u c to it
lenseven ratingfive i like this game so so much.
lenfive ratingfive this is my favorite game.
leneleven ratingfive it makes u keep fighting to prove ur skill on it
leneleven ratingthree very interesting game.i gave only 3 stars bcos of confusing graphics
lentwentyfive ratingfive beautiful new graphics - 5 stars gorgeous new organic environments - 5 stars new obstacles -  4.5 stars; good but quite similar to previous version more powerups - 5 stars more achievements - 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive toooo amazing    dangerous
lentwo ratingfive great game! :)
lennine ratingfive one of the best game's i ever played ;-)
leneight ratingfour its a really great game better than temple run1
lenthirtyone ratingfive the only reason its a star less is because i spend 10 jewels to buy magnet upgrades, but when i restarted the game, the updates were gone and so were the jewels.
lennine ratingfive but either way, everything has bugs in the begining.
lenten ratingfive what matters is how soon will these bugs be addressed.
leneight ratingfive it's hard enough to come by gems.
lentwelve ratingfive so i won't be trying these upgrades for a while now.
lentwelve ratingfive other than that minor glitch, its one hell of a good game.
lensixteen ratingfive actually you know what, it deserves 5 stars, so that's what i'll change it to :)
lenseven ratingfive the game, the graphics everything is awesome!
lennineteen ratingfive but, what i really want this game to have is a story mode, where the character claims the idol.
lensix ratingfive superb gamefor me good time paas
leneighteen ratingfive i can't play it because it load imangi studios then auto force close after 5sec on the android.
lenfive ratingfive great upgrade from temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive thousand times better than 1st part.
lenfourteen ratingfive thank you for having this game on android i have been waiting for it.
lensix ratingfive and now just cant stoo playing. ?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenseven ratingfour kinda hard but i'm enjoying it.
lentwentythree ratingone when i click on the app it pops up imangi studios the closes and takes me back to my home screen!:(  fix asap!
lenfour ratingfive best adventure game ever!
lenfive ratingfive a improve would be nice :)
lenfive ratingfive i eat explorers for breakfast!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseventeen ratingone temple run 2 make me so cunfusing like the roof fell  on the ground then i hit it!
lenten ratingfive the only thing is that it is best game great.
lenthree ratingfive power ups a. 8t
leneleven ratingfive highly recommended for wasting time,love it and very challanging game
lenthree ratingfive aree worthy successor.
lentwentynine ratingone can't tilt left to right, sensativity off, i could live with that but it gets a 1 since i bought coin doubler for 5 bucks and it don't work.
lenfifteen ratingfive love the new objectives, new interface, new path, new challenges.love everything abt this game
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive thx alot!
leneight ratingfive nice game and better than the old one .
lenthree ratingthree a bit laggy.
lentwo ratingfive ghainnnt ya
lentwentysix ratingfive its a different game for me u should take this game and try one time i can say that u will not play any other game
lennine ratingfive this game is the best for long car rides.
leneight ratingone i downloaded it yesterday and all was well.
lenseventeen ratingone then this morning, i tried to open it five times and it force closed all five times.
lenfive ratingfive thx for the game imangi.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.very addictive.
lenten ratingfour it's a great game, better than the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfour but i don't like the idea of using gem to bring back to live.
lenfour ratingfour the gems are expensive.
lennineteen ratingfour i will rate you 5 stars if i can buy live with just 500 coins just like the previous temple run
leneleven ratingfive though previous version was very addictive but not more than this.
lentwelve ratingfive this new version is best in all graphics, smooth, objectives, powers, characters.
lensix ratingfive awesome game, enjoyable and time killing.
lentwo ratingfive solid game
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time.
lenseven ratingfive and better than the first temple run
lenthree ratingfive awesome on sgs 2
lensix ratingfive amazing, addictive version of temple run.
lenfour ratingfive dosent lag or anything.
lenfour ratingfive yeah its great:-d
lenthirty ratingfive this is a great game so addictive, should have a bit more different scences cos it just looks as if im going round the same place over and over again!
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lenthree ratingfive mafe people addicted.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lentwelve ratingone why in my lg optimus l3 ?400 this game fucion but is so big?
lensix ratingfour it starts lagging after 10 min play
lensix ratingfour improved a lot from earlier  version
lenthirteen ratingone i loved the first temple run, so i decided to download the second.
lenseven ratingone the second is amazing, minus the lag.
lensixteen ratingone i was able to look past the lag and all because it is a great game.
lenten ratingone but, i cannot look past this affect.of this update.
lenseventeen ratingone after updating this app, it deleted all of my progress and i had many updates and characters.
lenfour ratingfive truly addictive and amazing!
lenseventeen ratingfour a bit lag if i turn on wifi n data connection :( however, this game is very addicting :)
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is great i have no reason to delete the game.worth getting
lentwenty ratingtwo good game and really fur but for some odd reason my coins disappear when i don't even use them
lensixteen ratingone can't get past the splash screen without it bringing me back to my home screen.
lenfourteen ratingone ok i installed the game and then all it showed me was the green
lensix ratingtwo when it freezes it doesnt save.
lenfive ratingtwo other than that great game
lenfour ratingfive i cant stop playing.
lenfour ratingfive its a nice app.
lenfive ratingfive but laggy on my phone
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
leneleven ratingfour really good game i love this game an its totaly thrill
lenseven ratingone it wont open on my lg revolution.
lenthree ratingone starts then closes.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
lenseven ratingfive nice game ihope there will be part 3
lensixteen ratingtwo i get stuck at home screen can't do anything.(please fix) otherwise love the game.
leneleven ratingone have 800000, still it says to complete 500000 coins, even after new update
lenseven ratingfive one of the best android games around!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfive all of you must directly download this cool app !
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is the real deal.
lentwelve ratingfive after demolishing high scores on temple run, a new challenge awaits me.
lenfive ratingfive great game again from imangi.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lensixteen ratingfive this is a must-have on any device with decent hardware (i.e. last couple years).
lenseventeen ratingfive quite addicting gameplay, and it doesn't push in-app purchases too much like some other games.
lennine ratingfive a perfect match for nexus 7 and other small tablets.
lenfour ratingfive its a sweet addiction
lenthirty ratingfive love the game, the only thing is sometimes when i try to get a gem or a power up, i won't get it, i think is a little off.
leneighteen ratingfive excellent game , no lags, good graphics and all that was missing in temple run is in temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive great efforts though the feature of enabling-disabling powers should be there.
lentwelve ratingfive amazing concept of green gems as it will restrict too much resurrection.
lenseven ratingfive must bring new characters in next update.
leneleven ratingfive i just request a facebook friends leaderboard like in subway surfers.
lentwenty ratingfive important bugs: 1 if u enable speed boost in the mine, even after the boost disables , the speed does not decrease.
lenfourteen ratingfive if u get another same powerup in a powerup, it does not adds up
lenseven ratingfive new challenges and powers, keeps it interesting
leneight ratingone tried installing twice but keeps shutting down/crashes.
lenfive ratingfive minor glitches in the game.
lenfour ratingfive a bit laggy tho.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lentwo ratingfive superb game!
lenfive ratingfive thanks for the great game!
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and gameplay.
leneleven ratingone were is my gems you take my money but no gems
lenfour ratingfive my new fav game
leneleven ratingfive this would be the first time ill be giving a review.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lensix ratingfive great improvements over the first entry
lentwelve ratingfive and it actually runs smoother than the first one my xperia mini
lentwelve ratingfive i'm a lot better at this one than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive it is way more fun.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing.
lenthree ratingfive awssm gme ever played! !
lennineteen ratingone it downloads then when its installed i click it then it comes on the green imangi then goes off!
lenfive ratingone this is an android phond
leneleven ratingfour this is a awsome game  my children like it a lot
lennine ratingfive good game like it better than the first one
lenthree ratingfive temple run2 dey bee k3k3
lenseven ratingfive awesome game but play with updating it
lenseven ratingfive its just wao to play after tr 1
lenthree ratingfive verry addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive running very smooth.
lentwo ratingfive nakakkasta long!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenseven ratingone won't even open on droid incredible.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 3 is soon to come xd
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyone ratingfive i enjoyed a lot playing this game.please keep making new games like this.hope temple run 3 will be make early
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive its too gud thn temple run 1. . .
lenseven ratingfive its feature is good. . . .i m jst ?
leneight ratingfive as usal no problm no issue. . . . .jst amezng. . .?
lensix ratingfive great improvement & courses with 3d like grpx
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenthirteen ratingfive hard to put down as you always want to beat your best score
lentwo ratingfive simply superb.
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game.
lenten ratingfour lag makes me dead fast when to close to char.
lentwentyeight ratingfour problem done next is its to lag v.v cant plat it flawlessly in my lg optemus l3 e400 heheh full model name.pls update it remove lag v.v
lennineteen ratingfour better graphics than the first temple run but it sometimes stops and youll have to wait for quite sometime
leneleven ratingfive game is awsome but is also alot harder than the first
lensix ratingfive it is more challenging and interesting.
lenfive ratingtwo temple run 1 is much better.
lentwelve ratingthree good but it is better if we can change the sensitive tilt.
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is so much better then the first one! :d
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much!
lentwelve ratingfive it has good graphic and excellent non stop fun gonna rate it 5/5
lensixteen ratingone if they expect people to play there game they need to do better with there updates.
leneleven ratingone i downloaded the game thinking i was going to no problems.
lentwentyfive ratingone i was wrong all i got a blank screen and soon after i was able to get it to work still many problems after update.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfive this game is simply awesome with its excellent graphics.
leneight ratingfive and twice as addictive as the first one !
leneight ratingfour it requires more attention than the previous version.
leneleven ratingfour but its soooo cool to play it with lots of graphics.
leneight ratingfour but the phone gets heated up very fast
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is so much fun.
leneight ratingfive its like the real deal when im playing :)<3
leneighteen ratingfour good job on the sequel.great graphics, love that there's scenery changes throughout to keep you entertained.
lentwentyone ratingfour but it doesn't seem to tilt as easily and i find myself practically turning my phone over just to tilt.
leneight ratingfour but i'm digging this game so far.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingfive it's so addictive fun and easy to play!
lentwentyseven ratingfive i enjoy this game so much it is so much better than the first one because it is more challenging and has better obstacles and more objectives!
lentwelve ratingfour temple run 2 is a very awesome app which relieves stress and problems.
lensix ratingone please update and make it compatible
lentwo ratingfive itzz bang
lentwentythree ratingone when i update temple run 2 all my gems money and score went missing can you have backup in your server pls fix it
lennine ratingthree game crashes when trying to use save me feature
lenfour ratingfive temple run re-defined. .
lenthree ratingfive no complaints absolutely. .
lensix ratingfive it is nice game.very funny
lentwentyone ratingtwo keeps trying to update its self so i had to uninstall it other then thay it was a really fun game
lentwentytwo ratingone i lose all my coins every time i play the game can't make any progress cuz of that plz fix it
lenfour ratingfive nice game very addictive
lenthree ratingfive ********** deserves more stars.
lentwenty ratingone doesn't work on my device model htc desire c please fix it crashes as soon as i open it.
lenseventeen ratingfive this app is an amazing improvment from the original temple run and, it is also very entertaining.
lenseven ratingfive it has a refreshing feeling to it
lenfifteen ratingfive i can only think of 1 game on the mobile that rates up to angry birds.
lensix ratingfive and that game is temple run.
lenfour ratingfive maybe a pc game?
leneight ratingfive i was waiting for tample run new version.
leneight ratingfive it has superb new features with terefic animation.
lensix ratingfive i just love to play it.
lennine ratingfive but some time its not work properly get hang .
lenthirtyfive ratingone everytime i open the app on my lg touch the imagi screen comes up and then i wait for about thirty seconds and it exits the whole app.the original temple run worked just great.
lentwelve ratingone i have maybe five other apps and none of them do it.
lentwelve ratingone turned the phone off and nothing.hope you can fix thus please!
lenten ratingone i'd love to play temple run 2 heard great things.
leneighteen ratingfive lags a tad bit on my phone though, but i can only play through it for this game
lenseven ratingfive nicer than the previous one, more interesting.
leneight ratingfive great game better graphics than the first one.
lennineteen ratingthree this game is cool but the game sometimes doesn't let me jump over the tree, rock,  or fire
lenfour ratingfive better graphics than original.
lenseven ratingfive please add ability to share on facebook.
lenthree ratingfive also share highscores.
lenseven ratingfive and score ranking on facebook friends playing.
lensix ratingfive with that it gives more competition.
lenseven ratingfive for now its boring without score ranking.
lenfour ratingfive feels like playing alone.
lentwentytwo ratingfive when i try ro resurrect 2-3 times, the game just force closes update: after the recent update,the fc seems to be gone.
lenseven ratingfour good graphics and new options are fine.
lentwentyfive ratingfive yeah its great:-d cool.nice graphics.one thing i need to add is when ever i lost i need to start from that point.
lenthree ratingfive just totally awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive a great way to pass a few minutes when you have a few.
lenten ratingone fuckin app  doesnt work in my device fuck u makers.!%@?@*!?
lenfive ratingfour the new version is awesome.
leneight ratingfour but difficult to digest that i have wasted 35mb.
lenseven ratingfive finally a better game than subway surf
lenthirteen ratingfive this game so best i just want to play over and over again
lenseven ratingfour the lag makes the game virtually unplayable.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lensixteen ratingthree ipod had the game for a bit of time before us 3 stars for makein us wait
lenten ratingfour it's a great game, better than the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfour but i don't like the idea of using gem to bring back to live.
lenfour ratingfour the gems are expensive.
lennineteen ratingfour i will rate you 5 stars if i can buy live with just 500 coins just like the previous temple run
leneleven ratingthree the game is good  but the obstacle is not so clear
lentwo ratingfive truly mazing
lenthree ratingfive graphic required more
lenfour ratingtwo the original was amazing.
leneight ratingtwo proud to be one of the first downloaders!
lenfive ratingtwo but this sequal is radical.
lenthree ratingtwo new level design.
lenthree ratingtwo animations are smoother.
lenthree ratingtwo textures look great.
lenthirteen ratingtwo only slight annoyance i have is the lag you get when receiving messages.
lenfour ratingtwo im on an s3 dog.
lensix ratingtwo aint suppose ta be no lag.
lensix ratingfive better than temple run 1~love it :)
lentwentythree ratingfour this is such a fun game and i play it almost every day it's a really fun game ,you should get it!
lenfive ratingfour wonderful app, really like it
lenfour ratingfive i like its challeng
leneleven ratingfour it could be best but it stop or freezes in between
lentwo ratingfive goood game
lenten ratingfive the best game i've ever played in my life!
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lenfour ratingfive loads of new stuff.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwo ratingfive greasy njjk
lenthirteen ratingtwo i absolutely love this game but it keeps resetting my coins and progress.
lennine ratingtwo if that were fixed, i've give it 5 stars.
lenfour ratingtwo amazing game, horrible bug.
lenfour ratingfive better than i expected.
lentwentyone ratingfive great game only one problem, sometimes it gets stuck at some places, it would be nice if that could be fixed :)
lenfour ratingfive great game really addicting. .
lenfour ratingfive nice, i like it.
lennine ratingfive improved on everything in the already-fantastic first game.
lenfive ratingfive great fun and completely addicting.
leneight ratingone bkwaas lg optims me open hi nai hota
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is way more  thrilling than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyseven ratingthree wow.thanks for the update imangi studios.screen error is fixed.but it lags sometimes (middle of the gameplay) can you please fix that on the way?
lentwelve ratingfive this awesome game is one of my favorite game of all time
lentwo ratingfive achha hai
leneight ratingfive only one word for this apps is awesome.
lentwentyseven ratingfive great game,  better than the first, great graphics,  5 stars,  only problem is it keeps force closing on my zte warp other than tht it was simply 5 stars
lentwelve ratingfive some games don't get better with the sequel.this one rocks!
lenseventeen ratingtwo graphics r gud,, exciting new stuff but gets stuck sometimes after i press d play again button.
lensix ratingtwo all though d sound keeps playing.
lenten ratingtwo please come up with an update to fix dis problem!
lenfour ratingfive awesome to the max
lenten ratingfive necesita un boton de salir y que ms sensibilidad con el acelermetro.
lenthree ratingfive por lo dems, perfecto.
lentwentyeight ratingthree the loading page loades too long it takes like five minites juz to enter the game with my phone please help would give 5 star if it is fix!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is a great time filler and runs smooth on my s2
lenthree ratingfive best running game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwelve ratingfive i got the 500,000 lifetime coins objective twice before updating to feb 2 update.
lentwelve ratingfive i have already collected 600,000 coins but the objective dose not get over.
lenfive ratingfive the obj meter got stuck.
lenthree ratingfive but excellent game
lensix ratingfive excellent game i love temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive i is even better than temple run.
lensix ratingfive better graphics and more challenges/accomplishments.
lenthirteen ratingfive they should add more lvls like temple run space or temple run city.
lenfour ratingfive amazingly realistic and fun!
lenthirteen ratingthree this is a great app but it still has a lot of glitchrd.
lenten ratingthree although its definitely better than temple run in all ways.:)
lentwo ratingfour 5 stars game
lensix ratingfour awese but everything is too expensive.
lenseven ratingfour should be a coin multiplier or something
lenseven ratingfive i love it better then the first
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game
lentwo ratingfive awsm update.
lenten ratingfive don't miss the fun its more then u imagine
lenfifteen ratingfive its a good game to buy some time or to keep you from getting bored.
lenten ratingfive it would be awesome if it had more characters though.
lenfour ratingfive i like sooooooooooooooooo much
lenfour ratingfive a million x excellent
lentwentytwo ratingfive as soon as i installed this game on my xperia tipo and started playing it, i fell in love with it instantly.
lennine ratingfive the game boasts excellent graphics which provide lifelike experience.
lentwelve ratingfive this game will surely surpass its predecessor and create new historical benchmarks.
lentwenty ratingfive it has already beaten the records for the most downloaded game and still there is much left to be done.
lenfive ratingfive great work by imangi studios.
lensix ratingfive love the game and the features
lenseven ratingfive best game you can get fo free
lenthree ratingfive i like grafts
lenfour ratingfive definitely biger and better.
leneleven ratingfour excellent game with good graphics and works smooth on micromax canvas 2.
lenfortynine ratingfour i have a question to the developer of this game.why the coins gets disappear automatically.i have played this game 100 times and scored 22+ lakhs but the coin count comes to less than 1000 when i try to cross 5000 coins.is this a bug or something please look into this
lenfour ratingfive very nice to play
lenfifteen ratingfive cool game hate it doesn't do the thing i try to make it do
lenten ratingfour i love this game it works well and passes time.
leneleven ratingone not supporting on my phone., pls check and solve the problem
lennine ratingfive loved the graphics, awesome game.totally addicted to it! <3
lensix ratingfive very good game must download it
lenthree ratingfive not beeing downloaded !
lensixteen ratingfive i want this game but they keep telling me that its the wrong place to download
lenthree ratingfive very gud app.
lenfour ratingfive grt look n feel
lenfive ratingfive very very very easy game!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game but play with updating it
lentwenty ratingfour this is a awsome game  my children like it a lot     they say that it is better than  pyramid run
leneleven ratingfive we should be able to compare scores with our facebook friends!
lenthirteen ratingfive that'll make the game more competitive & maybe more people will download too!
lensix ratingfive it's better than temple run
leneleven ratingthree i really like this game and i love the new graphics.
lenfortyfour ratingthree however, my only real complaint is that to lean to or run on the edge to collect coins or not fall off the track i have to turn my phone so far to its side that i can't see what i'm doing.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree i feel like it wasn't a problem with temple run because visually there's so much going on in this version that turning my phone sideways is enough to make me completely lose focus.
lensixteen ratingthree also, just died from falling through a gap that wasn't visible behind the giant log :(
lenthirteen ratingfive thankx a lot for optimising for lower resolution.u really listen to people
lenten ratingfive it is so awsome i hope they have temple run 3
lentwo ratingthree nice scenery!
lenfour ratingthree nice activities and interesting!
lenfour ratingfive my new fav game
lenfour ratingfour temple run is better.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive loved this second game too much
lenthirteen ratingthree the game is very addictive cons- when u collect coins they decrease randomly.
lenthree ratingfour really cool app.
lenseven ratingfour good game freezes from time to time.
lentwo ratingfive qreeaattt qaamee ^.^
lenfour ratingfive this is awsm game
lenfive ratingfive amazing game with amazing adventures!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive i loooooooove it because the route is such amazing
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i think people should have the choice on save me to pay in gems or coins and when i'm invisble that when u come 2 a opstical u stay invisible until u get through it.
lennine ratingone why is it everytimw i open it its crashing.
lenfour ratingone i cant play it.
leneight ratingfive omg best game ever much better then mr. 1
lenfourteen ratingfour can still be better on some devices but this game is awesome.must get
lentwo ratingfour awsome app!
lentwo ratingfour nic graphics.
leneight ratingfive the best game ever better than angry birds
lentwentyone ratingfive *temple run 2 is more exciting & fun for me than temple run 1 but it's an awesome game all by itself* sg s2 4.0
lenfour ratingfive it is superrrr cool!
lenfour ratingfive really worth the wait
lentwenty ratingfive whole game is awesome but the red n' blue coins never show up.(my highest score is 1 111 212:) pls do fix! :/
lenthirteen ratingfour ummm glitches imaginary abs causes me to run off edge it into stuff
lenfour ratingfive really awesome & wondrful graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneight ratingfive this game is just wowwww.much improved graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive its an awesome game.surely bettr then the first one.gud job imangi !
lentwo ratingfive sweet game
lenfour ratingfive exelente para mis hijos
lenfive ratingfive more better than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive great and addicting game :)
lenfive ratingfive enjoyed upgradation and power use.
lenfive ratingfive train part is also nice.
lensix ratingfive juz luvd it.bst game ever
lentwentyeight ratingone i will give it a five star after the coin issue's fixed.after every 3-4 games, the coing i gather keeps resetting therefore i cannot make the upgrades.
lenthirteen ratingthree like the new added stuff it will just take some getting used to.
lennineteen ratingthree but only thing wrong is it makes me turn my phone upside down to play it, fix an 5 stars.
lennine ratingfive if you are game lover please try this game
lenseven ratingfive its not installing in my xperia arc
lentwentyfour ratingthree when you just get a random powerup, and your meter expires since you used it up already, you end up with both powerups gone.
lensix ratingfive really one word for this game.
lentwentyone ratingfive runs acceptably smooth on my galaxy w. big thanks to devs for not forgeting the outdated and low-mid end devices!
lenfour ratingthree run, run, and run!
lentwo ratingfive addicting game
lenfourteen ratingfive am just loving it to the core.:-) superb graphics stunning gameplay thank you imangi
lentwentyfive ratingfive best game it was,best game there is and best game ever will be temple run.imagni studios please bring montana smith to this game !
lensix ratingfive not just fun but beautiful graphics.
leneight ratingfive keep dying because i am looking at scenery
lennineteen ratingfive so addictive can't stop playing runs very smooth no lag on my ace 2 makes for even more enjoyment!
lenthree ratingfive the nice game
lenfive ratingfive omg such a good game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive truly one of the wonderful and fun game i've ever played.
lenthree ratingfive more games imangi.
lenthree ratingfive super awesome game.
lenfour ratingone it forces close everytime.
lensixteen ratingtwo i'm level 7 and haven't unlocked any power ups, i don't know what happened.
lensix ratingtwo lag is terrible on htc amaze 4g.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensix ratingfive much better than the version before
lenthirtyone ratingfive subway surfers replaced temple run n nw temple run 2 is consuming all d time.best game on my handset so far.bt 4 charactrs r less.atleast 8 shud b thre.thanx developers
lenthirteen ratingfive very good upgrading now the game become more challenging.,. graphics are very good.
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game it had really upgraded thats the thing i like about it no more lagging
lentwelve ratingfive indeed the second game of the franchise is way better than second.
lenfive ratingfive graphics improvements and new gameplay.
leneight ratingfive i recommend it for the arcade game lovers.
lensixteen ratingfive i usually don't like these kinds of games, but tr2 got its hooks into me quickly.
lennineteen ratingfive the developers are quick to respond to issues and the game reflects this with a high level of polish.
lenseventeen ratingfive obtainable objectives seem to hit a wall around level 8 or so, which may turn some people off.
lenfour ratingfive just luv d game !
leneight ratingfive excellent yar , its osum  i just loved it
lentwo ratingfive simply excellent
lenfive ratingfive nyc game 1 made 5000k score wooohhhh
lenthree ratingfive besides temple run.
lenfive ratingfive what other games imagi produced?
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lennine ratingfive very good game,makes the first look like poo :)
lenten ratingfive in my opinion, this one is better than the original.
lentwelve ratingfive it doesn't lag like crazy making the game impossible to play.
lensix ratingfive great graphics, love the mine part.
lennine ratingfive hope this no lag is here to stay :d
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive okay, bugs fixed!
lenfour ratingfive nice game awesome graphics =]
lentwentynine ratingfive a gr8 gme enjoying very much whenever i m tired off my studies i ply and refresh my self thanx to the temple run2 team for bringing this type of game
lentwelve ratingthree i like the game but please fix the game breaking bugs already.
lennine ratingthree sometimes boost loses auto control while at full speed.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingfive it's much harder than then the other one which makes it more fun
lensixteen ratingthree when i click on it, it just shows the green i, then comes off of it. :/
lenseven ratingfive i realizd that am addctd to it.
lenten ratingfive i played the first temple run and it was great.
leneight ratingfive but, temple run 2 is so much more cooler.
leneleven ratingfive graphics are obviously better and you do more then just run.
lensix ratingfive i give this app a 5 star.
lenseven ratingfive wish you could fight off the monkeys.
lenthree ratingfive addictive nd awesome
lenfive ratingfive it's a perfect game.
lentwelve ratingfive such a outstanding game.lots of mysteries.suspense.presence of mind required.:)
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i could have given it 5 stars but the guy does not move left n rite fix it i will give u 5 stars i have even uninstalled it twice n installed it again
lenfive ratingfive i freaking love this game
lentwentythree ratingtwo when i collect coins it doesnt add up in the coins box i really luv this game but u should fix this problem
lensixteen ratingone looks brilliant but doesn't open on my htc desire z. i've  already reinstalled twice.
lenthirteen ratingone i've been using the original temple  run and that works just fine.
lentwelve ratingone please look into this  and i'll change my rating to 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive it iz jst amazing.
lenfour ratingfive go download it fast.
lenthree ratingfive itz jst amazing.
lensix ratingfive try it lookz lyk itz real.
leneight ratingthree but it's also frustrating as all hell.
lennine ratingthree i like the new additions like character specific bonuses.
lenthirtysix ratingthree but problems like swipe detection, and randomization issues like a power up right in front of a sliding obstacle, or spike wheel in front of a raging stream really make you want to throw your phone.
lensix ratingthree and the shield is pretty useless.
lenthirteen ratingthree it doesn't keep you from falling or getting taken by the water.
lenfour ratingthree invisibility was way better.
lenthirteen ratingfour i recomend this game because it can kill an awesome amount of time
lensix ratingthree placement of powerups is not well.
lenfour ratingfive fadu game h boss.!?
lensix ratingfive love this game awesome graphics excellent
lennine ratingfive this is an outstndin mobile game with great graphics.
lenfifteen ratingone it won't load past the start up screen and then crashes and force closes
lenten ratingfive after the update the game runs a whole lot smoother
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics .
lennineteen ratingfive before that i'll download it i'll rate it cz this game is perfect and i love it ? ? ?
lenfour ratingfive awesome game and graphic.
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome i love playing it.
lenten ratingfour love the game.still.have some glitches.but overall great.
leneleven ratingfive its fantastic game and enjoyable to play bather then lost temple 1
lentwentytwo ratingfive it was very awesome it has many traps btw you guys put zack wonder in this temple run 2.good keep it ip
lenfourteen ratingfive i have given it 5 stars i request all who see it please download it
lenfifteen ratingfour i think the game is very good in all aspect, better than t.r. 1 definitely.
lentwentyone ratingfour but sometimes when i use the save me, the game suddenly off before save it, especially when i hit high score.
lentwo ratingfour whats wrong?
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lennine ratingone grt app but couldn't install on my tab 2.0.
lenseven ratingone but m enjoying a lot on my iphone5
lensix ratingfive best game on whole android market.
lennine ratingfive part one was grate but this one is awesome.
lenfourteen ratingtwo takes a lot of time to load and touch sensitivity is very poor for i9000.
lensix ratingtwo a definite no for old devices.
lensix ratingtwo too much graphics and memory occupancy.
lensixteen ratingtwo makes your phone too slow and hangs if u get any msg or call during game.
lenfour ratingfive you'll like it.
lenfive ratingfive game looks and runs great.
lenten ratingfive interesting to see the track changes every time you restart.
lenseven ratingfive makes it harder to memorize and beat.
leneight ratingfive this game will keep you on your toes.
lenfive ratingfour effects are thrilling and awesome.
leneight ratingfour it's running well on my micromax a110 mobile.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is great but it lags some and makes me die will make 5* when fixed thanks
lenthirtysix ratingfour it is an awsome game but it is so stupid to be in the game which is saveme because it is like cheating for who have many gems unlike people who don't have many gems
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lennine ratingfive i could play for many times without getting bored.
lenfive ratingfive timepass and very addictive game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lenfive ratingfive it is an wonderful game
lennine ratingone the game is very laggy after the new update.
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome.
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics and game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive very smooth on my samsung note 2, samsung tab 2 7inch 3g, and also to my sony xperia u. yeah and it also works fine for my cherry mobile flare.haha
lenfour ratingfour it's better thantemple run1.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive simply great
lenfive ratingfive favourite game loved to play
lensix ratingfive luv it luv it luv it.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is the best!
lenten ratingfive more challenging game than its first part  :-)for u guys
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
leneight ratingfive it's a nice game comparison in first
leneight ratingfive best games ever made for a touch device
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original
lenfour ratingfive even better thn 1st one.
lenfifteen ratingthree i found it not really sensitive in tis game and i cant adjust the sensitivity.
lensix ratingthree anyway i can adjust it in tr1.
lenseven ratingthree will rate it 5 stars if problem solved :)
lentwelve ratingthree after some games the coins i collect gets resetted.do fix soon.
lentwo ratingfive super cool!
lennine ratingfive awesome game as usual bcoz it's imangi studios
lensix ratingthree always hangs onmy live with walkman
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lenseven ratingfive i just wanted a game like this.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lenten ratingfive this game is like crack u cant put it down
lentwentythree ratingfive i've been playing temple run ever since i got my note 10.1 i've played it on the skyrocket phone and my iphone.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is way better game play and graphics.
lenthree ratingthree crashes on startup
lentwo ratingfive simply excellent
lenfour ratingone i cant download it!
lentwelve ratingone need to make it were a samsung galaxy s can download it
lennine ratingfive awsome just don't want to pay for upgrades
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive like crack!
lennine ratingfive the game has more variety and way better graphics.
leneight ratingfive i like it even better than subway surfers!
lennineteen ratingfive i lyk dis game more than temple run.graphics r awsum.nice power ups & abilities.nice work imangi studios
lensix ratingfive highly upgraded version of temple run.
lentwo ratingfive totally impressed
lenfifteen ratingfive it's an awesome game because you can feel that you are in the game :)
lensix ratingfive works flawlessly on my galaxy tab 2.
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun!
lensixtyseven ratingone why becomes laggy when i change graphics from better to best?i have 1.5 ghz tegra 3 quadcore processor.another problem is it says 100 coin bonus in abilities power up when gem powered but it still gives 50 coin bonus.one more problem is i have already magnet power & if i take another magnet power it's not extending it.means it doesn't extends the power up time.fix.
lenseventeen ratingone update:after update still laggy & freezes even if i set graphics on lower.doesn't deserve 1 star.
leneight ratingfive love the game, play everyday, also gift everyday.
lenfive ratingfive see ya on the water!
lenthree ratingfive unbelievable gaming experience.
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 1 had set high standards and tr 2 lives up to all the expectations!
lenseventeen ratingfour a little different from the 1st, a bit lacking in explanation of power up but still addictingly fun
lenfive ratingfive it helps pass the time.
lentwo ratingfive kirak game
lenseven ratingfive grate but it takes forever to downlode ;-)
lensix ratingtwo the game freezes on me constantly.
lentwentyone ratingtwo every time i go to the settings thats when the majority of the time when it freezes and won't save.
lenthree ratingfive sweet love it
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy it alot!
lentwentysix ratingone i have installed multiple times and like a lot of other users all it does is sends me back to my home screen after about 30 seconds.
lenfive ratingone im on a samsung infuse.
lenfive ratingone hope you fix this soon.
lenseventeen ratingfour it's really fantastic to play and another thing please upgrade this fissalites in samsung galaxy y
lenseven ratingfive gr8 n vry different its a nice one
lennine ratingtwo plain and simple, it doesnt work for my phone.
leneleven ratingfive i'm so much better at this one than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfour it's better than previous ver.
leneighteen ratingfour demon monkey is scary only with it's double size, else it same run game wit better runway.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game, it really gives me a lot of fun!
lentwo ratingfive five stars.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingone copied from pinfall .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfourteen ratingfour its good but i can't find out how to play any help here
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfour awsme graphics but the sensor doesn't working well canvas 2.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive super fun.
lensix ratingfive i would recommend getting this game
lensix ratingone crash crash crash it always crashes.
leneight ratingfour faster than the 1st edition and the graphics improve!
lensix ratingfive it is better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3.
lenseven ratingone i have lags on me galaxy note 2
lenthree ratingfive great addicting game
lenfour ratingfive better than the original!
lenfifteen ratingfour there are still few bugs but i dare hope it's gonna be corrected soon.
lenfive ratingfive absolutely addicted to this thing .
lenseven ratingfive only downside is the forever loading screen .
lentwelve ratingfive very annoying especially when game becomes disturbed by anything .must it reload .
leneight ratingfive and perhaps make it easier to get gems .
lenten ratingfive but other then that love the game and its awesome
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfive if you liked temple run, you'll love this one even better.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are better, the gameplay is better.all a round awesomeness!
leneighteen ratingfive better than the brave version by a long road, but why is it free and the brave isnt?
lensix ratingthree fun game and works almost perfectly.
lensix ratingthree needs a confirmation when buying items.
lenfifteen ratingthree there have been numerous times i'd accidentally buy a power up just by scrolling.
lennineteen ratingthree also there's an occasional glitch which uses my gems for a second life even if i press skip.
lenthirteen ratingthree lag is annoying and kills me, also the occasional turn obstructs my view.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive effects are great and most and it is also very useful for passing the time.
lenfour ratingfive great work by developers
lentwentyseven ratingthree i loved the original temple run and having downloaded temple run 2 on my ios device last week, i couldn't wait until it came out on android.
lenthirteen ratingthree it truly is a stunning game, graphics are now more beautiful than ever.
lenfourteen ratingthree you get more power ups and upgrades and yet, the game was still simple.
leneleven ratingthree update: right to be fair this is still an awesome game.
lentwelve ratingthree however, since the recent update, the controls have become slightly more insensitive.
lensixteen ratingthree i can live with the tilt problem but sometimes it mistakes a swipe for a jump?
lentwelve ratingfour very good and addictive game.not giving 5 star because it lags sometimes.
lenten ratingfive wow this cool new game is asome download it now
lennine ratingthree it gets slow and annoying sometimes, but its cool
lenthirtysix ratingthree please tell me i'm not  the only one where this game lags like no tomorrow in.only reason i keep dying it's really frustrating is it because other the game or is it my s3?
lenfive ratingfive i love the improved version.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing!
lenfive ratingfive very fun, enjoy playing it.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lensix ratingfive much better than the first game
lenthirteen ratingfive but i don't get the beast can jump bridges and slide down
lenfive ratingfive o i love this game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game and graphics
lenfive ratingfive you shoud make temple run 3
lenthirtynine ratingthree i do like it its way more like 3d and fun but the thing is i wish it had wings like the old temple run so we get high  score but now we have to earnd gems to "save me!"
leneight ratingthree update it and ill make it a 5 star!
lenfour ratingfour sometimes it sucks in tab2
lenfour ratingfive great game,job killer!
lensix ratingfour great game, better than the first.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i hate to whine, but i did buy the $5 coin pack (mainly to help support them) a few days ago and have not seen the coins added yet.
lensix ratingfour no reply from emailing them either.
lenfour ratingfour still love the game.
lenthirty ratingfour the game is awesome and better than the previous one.but the sensors are so annoying they are weak, even on my brother`s ipad2.so i hope you fix that.
lenthree ratingone my progress gone
lennineteen ratingtwo i will be at 2,000 coins and i will lose and before i run again it would say 1,040 or something.
lenfive ratingtwo how am i losing coins?
leneleven ratingtwo i like the game but i want to buy other characters.
lensix ratingtwo had no other choice, uninstalled game
lenthree ratingfive amazing love it!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lennine ratingfive however sometimes it lags a bit at the beginning.
leneight ratingfive other than that, much better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingthree awesome graphics.
lennine ratingthree but it gets a little hard on the eyes.
lenten ratingthree would be great if there was a tilt sensitivity option.
lenten ratingthree and i can't jump whenever my s3 is on charge.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfive ratingthree i absolutely love this game!
lensix ratingthree update didn't fix it either.
lensix ratingone force closes everytime & hackes my device
lenfourteen ratingone it won't let me play force close all the time fix it please
leneleven ratingfive grt game love my phone all cause of such lovely gamea
lenseven ratingfour amazing game,great graphics ,2 thumbs up! :o
lentwelve ratingfive runs really good on my xperia p even with hi-def graphics.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first version.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingtwo when i first downloaded it, it was great and i was addicted.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo then i exited out and later when i wanted to play it again it would go to the loading screen or whatever it is then exit out!
lenthirteen ratingtwo i kept trying to go on it but every time it would exit.
lenfifteen ratingtwo now if i want to play it i have to uninstall then install it again.
lentwelve ratingtwo the overall game it great but i wish i could play it .
lensix ratingone won't open on htc thunderbolt.
lenthree ratingfour just awesome game
lenseven ratingone doesnt start up when i load it
leneighteen ratingfour this is the best game i've ever played this is the best game i've ever played
lennine ratingfive this game is awewome im on it non stop.,,
leneighteen ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome and created compeletly different ideas to run through the obstacles well done imangu studious!
lensix ratingfive this game is of the hook
lentwo ratingfive excellent & amazing
lenfive ratingfive loveee it,nothn more 2 say.
lennine ratingthree great game but started get a lot of lag
lentwelve ratingfive not as big an improvement as i had hoped, but still great.
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lenfive ratingfive love the power up ability.
lentwentyone ratingfive don't like the shield ability, never seems to actually help me, rather have invisibility, though that may be to powerful
leneight ratingfive awesome game to play.really an awesome graphics.
lenseven ratingfive at first it was a bit messy.
lenseven ratingfive bt wen u gt use to it.
leneleven ratingfive this game is alsome but i think ut needs more gems
lennine ratingthree why cant we continue from where we are killed?
lenseven ratingthree crashes on startup even on latest version
leneight ratingfive like tooooo muchhh all users download it nowwww
leneleven ratingfour thank you for bringing it to the google play store aswell!
lenthirteen ratingfour the tilting sensitivity needs to be stronger, if you know what i mean.
lenfifteen ratingfour and if you can't change that can you add a sensitivity option in settings?
lenthirtyfour ratingfour also when u have collected enough coins for a power up, when you come across another power up of the same one your using which has spawned can you add it on for lenght?
lenseven ratingfour hope i have made some sense:) thanks!
lenfive ratingone game is not getting downloaded?
lennineteen ratingone i open the app, see the imangi studios logo, then it just force closes without saying it force closed.
leneight ratingone tried reinstalling but i get the same problem.
lenseven ratingfive this game is not make me boring
lennine ratingfive temple run sequel., just as addictive as the original
lenfive ratingfive nice one and hq graphics
lennineteen ratingfive buy immortalhd's shirts and enjoy the refreshing taste of zero calories in every can of pepsi max!blvnnvkbcnvcm
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingthree it's really good but everytime i get coins it takes them away!
lennine ratingthree i actually have 56874 and its only letting me have 1445
lenfourteen ratingthree love the game but it lost all of my data, achievements coins gems upgrades.
lenthree ratingfive overjoy.hikzzz.brilint
lensix ratingfive perfect game for every android phone .
lensix ratingfive very easy controls and intresting too .
lenfourteen ratingfive this game name maybe temple run but its running on my mind all day .
lensixteen ratingfour would have given it a 5 star but i don't know how to change the sensitivity. :(
lentwo ratingfive super game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthirteen ratingfive even the graphic is quite high, but it is not lag at all.
lenthree ratingone it wont load.
lenfour ratingfive its amazing nice graphics!
lennineteen ratingfive hi my name is harry and i am 5 and i love temple run 2 i think it is really good .
lenfourteen ratingfive it's better than the previous one.who the hell cares of back button.
lennine ratingfive this game is the best better than the first
lentwo ratingfive awesome sequel
lenthree ratingfive awesome fucken game
lenfive ratingfive runs smoothly and without fault.
lenthirteen ratingfive only slight concern is that it heats the battery within 3 minutes of playing :-\
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfour ratingfive beautiful graphics, challenging gameplay.
leneleven ratingone i have paid for 50000 coins and 50 gems.haven't rec it!
lenfourteen ratingfive i really like the graphics, especially the whole temple being up in the air.
lensix ratingfive good stuff  kids crazy about it
lenseven ratingfive way better than the previous temple run.
lenfour ratingtwo this game is awsome
lenseven ratingfive nice game every one should be try
lentwentyeight ratingthree when i ate an ability and its time is going to end,  i ate another same one but the time of ability didn't expand .sony xperia sola
lenfive ratingfive more better than temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive i love this much better than the first tr.
lentwelve ratingfour it keeps closing in my android but i still love the game
lenfifteen ratingfive they say second parts are ussually bad but this game is extremly great and fun.
lenseven ratingfive graphics have improved from the first version.
lenthirty ratingfive i luv dis game a lot part 1 ws also osm bt dis iz jst da bst app i hv evr seen .congo imangi studios u hv created history once again
lennine ratingfour i love this game and i jest installed it.
lenfifteen ratingfive i really like this temple run,i even like it more than the previous one.
lentwentythree ratingfive the only real downside is that it relies a bit too much on the accelerometers, and sometimes tends to be slow to react.
lenseven ratingfive but overall, it's an awesome game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i realy like th train an othr new obstacles its so real woooooo
lensix ratingfour this game is hard but addictive
lenfour ratingfive what an amazing game.
lentwelve ratingfive it is so much better than the first one in my opinion.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are stunning and beautiful.
leneleven ratingfive gameplay is much better now and there is no more lag.
lensixteen ratingtwo the only thing stopping an advance to level 9 is 10, 000, 000 lifetime meters which will take approximately 3000 games.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo if this is really what the deal is, then you will not get past the boredom of doing the same thing over and over and not getting any closer to achieving any kind of meaningful progress.
lenseven ratingfive absolutely love this, its so addictive tho.
lensix ratingthree still have the double objective bug
lenten ratingfive dis game is awsum much more challenge keep it upn
lentwo ratingfive totally amazing
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfour fun game!
lenthirty ratingfive it is really good to play when you're board so don't just sit there play temple run 2 or you can play temple run 1 thank you by ellie wow!
lenfifteen ratingfive really i don't have much time for all this things but really awesome game.
leneighteen ratingfive i play every time i got time thanks a lot for this wonderful game reminds me my childhood.
lenfour ratingtwo need an update asap.
lenfour ratingtwo 5 bucks down the drain :'(
lenseventeen ratingthree i like it, its better then temple run the original, but it keeps frezzing after i die
lenthree ratingfive sharp d brain. .
lenthirtyeight ratingone i have a smartphone that is supposed to run any app is i have the space, however thus app took me a week and a half to download and after it downloaded it wouldn't let me play.
lenseventeen ratingfive abouslty excellent love this more then temple run don't like temple run like temple run 2 more
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 rocks
leneleven ratingthree if you love temple tun then you will like temple run 2
leneight ratingfour love the first one 2 is off the hook
lenseven ratingfive great and fun way to waste time
leneighteen ratingfour it is still a little shakey and has a few glichy spots, but i love the new game.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensixteen ratingthree yeah so very nice i have to admit.but why do my coins keep goin missing?
lentwelve ratingthree please fix.as this was a problem on brave aswell.thank you!
lenfour ratingfive better than last version
leneleven ratingfive in the first game i was consistently scoring higher than 10 million.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's nice to have more of a challenge in this excellent sequel.
lenthirty ratingthree whenever i leave the game and come back my gems change and my coins change i had 20,000 saved up and with 6 gems now it says i have 2 gems and 12000 coins
lenfour ratingthree requires lots of improvements
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics
lenfive ratingone i've just update it.
lenthirtyone ratingone it said that it's been improved for older devices and fix issues for lower resolutions, but all i can say is that it's still lagging like before the update.
lennine ratingone even after clearing some ram, it's annoyingly laggy.
lentwentyfive ratingfive as prince of persia.its by default 5 stars undoubtedly .but without indiana jones character!?thats wierd .why the snake and frog eating chinese karma lee?
lentwelve ratingfive oh remove her n have jndiana jones.and  what about the stages?
lentwentyseven ratingfive please for goodness sake have stages.and when a power is taken twice.the power of one only runs it doesnt continue.hope u c to it
lenfour ratingthree better than the fisrt
lennine ratingthree its fun but on a android it freezes alot
lensix ratingfive i really really like this game!
lentwo ratingfive great experience.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive the awesome temple run 2.
leneight ratingfive the whole world is talking about temple run.
lenseven ratingfive join the millions that love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive its 200 x better than temple run 1  you have to love this game.
lensix ratingfive the developers are always on track.
lensixteen ratingfive when you find a bug you email then and the  next day it will be fixed.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best game so farrrrrrrrrrr
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingfour hello, i enjoyed temple run part 1 but part 2 is not installed in my sony experia miro so plz do something i beg you
lentwo ratingfive great excitement.!
lenthirteen ratingfive its has to be one of the  best games i have ever played!
lenfive ratingfive i play it every day!
lentwo ratingfive ooosssmmmm update ^_^
leneight ratingfive too easy to die when in the tunnel.
lentwo ratingfive love improvements
leneleven ratingfour a rilly nice game.wish it had more distinct levels tho.
lenseven ratingtwo got it to run the first time.
lenfour ratingtwo crashes everytime since then.
lensix ratingtwo obviously not fully tested before release.
lenfour ratingtwo phone is not rooted.
lenfourteen ratingfive lovely bovely ,amazing, cool and most of all fun and don't need internet
lenthree ratingfive very challenging game.
leneight ratingfive working like a charm on samsung galaxy tab 2
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingone download rrrrr error could not download
lenthirteen ratingfive i downloading these game it's very interesting one i love those game
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive awesome great work guys
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenseven ratingfive little bit  resemble  with temple run  brave
lenfive ratingfive epic graphics and amazing plot
leneight ratingfive great game just like the first one was
lenfive ratingfour good quality and smooth transitions.
lenfifteen ratingfour good additioms like waterfalls, zipwire etc. there is some lagging which prevents it being 5 stars.
lensix ratingfour hoping that new update fixes these.
lensix ratingfive one of my life best games  !
leneight ratingfive as good as version 1 and temple run brave.
lenfive ratingfive please bring more scenes/ maps
lenfive ratingfour this is full time passss
lennine ratingfour wanted to give 5 bt it hangs a lot.so 4
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfour great fun
lentwo ratingfive brillant game
lentwentytwo ratingthree everything is amazing except for it messes up my current amount of money all the time and i don't buy anything!
lenfive ratingthree ugh so annoying please fix
lensixteen ratingfour i like this version a lot better than the other 1 it just drains your battery though
leneight ratingfive this runs wonderfully on this device great graphics
lenfour ratingfive the game is amazing .
lenseven ratingfive i scored 7 million a few days back
lennineteen ratingfive it has amazing graphics and just.totally gets you into the game with all of the obstacles in it.
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi!
lentwentythree ratingthree after i play a few games the coins i have collected dissapear so i can never get enough coins to upgrade please fix
lentwentyfour ratingfive i usually does not comment but this game is mind blowing, awesome game better than the first one with excellent graphics and awesome characters.
lenfive ratingfive thanks alot for such games.
leneleven ratingfive i hope i dont get fired playin dis at work lol
lenfour ratingfour awsum lov dis game.
leneight ratingfive best amendments .bit tough but interesting .amazing graphics.
lentwentyone ratingfive previously i had some issues, it crashed when i wanted to resurrect, but since the last update it is simply perfect.
lenseven ratingone i have lags on me galaxy note 2
leneighteen ratingfive better than the brave version by a long road, but why is it free and the brave isnt?
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwentyseven ratingfour controls don't feel responsive enough.also some powerups appear so fast you cant get them unless you can predict tbe future.still a great game though
leneight ratingone error 498 is disturbing me to download this game
leneleven ratingfive love part two just as much as part one.all smiles
lenseventeen ratingfive she is excillent their just not   dual core   i play tample run 2    1ghz  processer and its run softly
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so great love it love it a must have game!
lensixteen ratingfive i'm giving 5 stars, because i trust you are reliable, and will proceed to fix this.
lenfiftyseven ratingfive actually, right now the game is not "playable", at least for my phone : whenever i make some progress in the game and then exit, i notice that after reopening it again that all of it is gone; for the current update restarting the app causes this, however for the previous update, restarting the phone causes the same.
lentwentyone ratingfive so for a game that is all about challenges, and completing them, it's totally needed for this to be fixed.
lenseven ratingfive definitely an improvement from the first one
lenseventeen ratingone sorry to say, but it still does not open with new update s on the galaxy s 1.
lenthree ratingone phrase fix soon.
lenseven ratingfive very good game nice grapics and gameplay
lenfour ratingfive excellent fun and free
lenfour ratingfive i love the graphics!
lenseven ratingfive when you update there should more character.
lenthree ratingfive but otherwise amazing.
lenseven ratingfive this is the most addictive game since. .
lensix ratingfive well, since temple run 1 of course :).
lentwelve ratingfive after the latest update the lag's gone too from my ob.
lensix ratingfive thanks dev for another great game. .
lenfifteen ratingfive thank you for bringing it to android besides iops  yayyyy it a great unique game
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is so much fun i really never want to stop playing it!:-d
lenfifteen ratingfive dude this game is the bomb its addicting and awesome thank u good job guys
lenseven ratingfive well gd game better than the first
lentwentyfour ratingfive works perfectly (: i love this game. i play it all the time. good way to pass the time. keep up the good work guys ((:
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game so much i play it constantly best game ever
leneleven ratingfive i like this one much better than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfive i cant put it down!
lenfourteen ratingfive great game for free really out done first one would recommend it to anyone
leneleven ratingfive great graphics, ease of use and very much sensitive to touch.
lenfive ratingfour the best but sucky graphics
lenten ratingfour very fun more characters to choose from would be better
lenthree ratingfive better that original
lenfour ratingfive great game to play
lenfive ratingfour this game is relly addictive
lentwo ratingfive jesus saves .
lenseven ratingtwo it didnt let me play it (uninstalling)
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphic.
lenfour ratingthree freeze on some occasions
lenthree ratingfour great time waster.
lentwo ratingfour runs smooth.
lennine ratingfive i have no words left to describe this game
lentwo ratingfive awsome game!
lenfour ratingfive you'll like it.
lenfive ratingfive game looks and runs great.
lenten ratingfive interesting to see the track changes every time you restart.
lenseven ratingfive makes it harder to memorize and beat.
leneight ratingfive this game will keep you on your toes.
lensix ratingfive this won't go full screen?
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and great graphics!
lenfive ratingfive great for kids and adults.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive f***ing awesome. .
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics. .
lenten ratingfive i love this game a step up from temple run 1
lennine ratingthree it's not to shabby  from htc desire c
lentwelve ratingfive i really enjoy da game.nice graphics and adictive.samsung galaxy note.
lenthree ratingfour needs sensitivity setting.
leneight ratingfour tilting all the way over requires too much
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run
lentwo ratingthree temple run 2
leneight ratingone laggin badly and got stuck at one point.
leneighteen ratingfive very good game, lags really bad on the droid x2, would love to be able to play it again.
lenfive ratingfive it's fun and awsome;)
lenfive ratingfive great game to pass time
lenten ratingfive i like this one more than first one download it
lennine ratingfive better than the first one by leaps and bounds
lenfortyseven ratingfive this is a brilliant game so addictive if your looking for a game that you can enjoy with the family or on your own this is your game.this is such a upgrade from temple run 1.i would really suggest you download this game plus its free .
lentwo ratingthree temple run 2
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingtwo doest work for the sidekick :(
lensix ratingfive brilliant + it's the real thing
lenfifteen ratingone after playing the tutorial and dying it will not go on to the next screen.
lenthirtyfive ratingone it stays where i die at and everything moving continues to move, but it won't let me do anything and when i try to turn off the tutorial it freezes on the settings menu.
lenfive ratingfive this game is the truth!
leneight ratingfive lllooovvvee it,  no lags at all perfect game.
lenfour ratingfive but not battery friendly:-(
lenthirteen ratingfive twice as good as normal temple run get it or your missing out
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive.
lenfour ratingfive perfect for long trips
lentwentyone ratingthree i made it to 3 million points and it started me all the way over and i had no gems or coins.
lenfive ratingfive i bloody love this game.
lenthree ratingfive sooooo addicted x
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is epic
leneighteen ratingfive i honestly love this game, but i hate when i get a text it tweeks out and freezes.
lentwo ratingtwo great game.
lentwo ratingtwo graphically awesome.
lennine ratingtwo vs the first one and a total time killer.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i knew how much time i'd waste on this so i bought a few in app purchases to support the devs.
lentwelve ratingtwo none of these purchases ever worked yet my money was taken anyway.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i did drop them an email several days ago but never got a response.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i know it's a small amount of cash but it annoys me when i pay for something that doesn't arrive.
leneighteen ratingtwo suffice to say i fixed the problem and gave myself a few extras by modifying my save file.
lentwenty ratingfive love it the upgrades are so much better then the first one i love the new characters you can unlock
lentwo ratingfive cooool game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseven ratingfive temple run3;can't wait to come out
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsome
leneleven ratingthree temple run 1 had the magnet to double and triplenthe coin collect.
lenseven ratingfive great game runs smooth on both devices
lenthirteen ratingfour wow it has 3d graphics & ut good i didnt give it 5 cuz of objective
lenseven ratingfive this game runs great and looks good.
lentwo ratingfive great app.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game .
lenthirteen ratingfive the game is diffinitely a few steps up from the first temple run.
leneleven ratingone game doesnt go past first screen on my triumph nd forecloses
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingthree i like this game but temple run 1 i enjoyed better x
leneighteen ratingfive i love temple run and temple run2 gives you other things to do like the zip line and everything
lenfourteen ratingfive i think temple run is really fun and challenging and i hope you agree
lenthree ratingfive waiting from morning.
lenfour ratingfive i liked temple run.
leneleven ratingfive i had played temple run 2 on iphone and now on android.
lenfourteen ratingfive and this is way better than temple run 1 and subway surfers and agent dash
lenfour ratingfive fun game, very addictive
leneleven ratingtwo love this game but for some reason my coins keep disappearing.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive good addition to the previous game.
lenthree ratingfour good time pass
leneight ratingfive this bug is solved, but not so perfectly.
lenfour ratingfive good graphics, fun play.
lentwelve ratingfive way better than the first temple run, and that's an achievment.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive great game, love the graphics
lenfive ratingfive awesome game simple n interesting
lenseven ratingtwo then the next day it started lagging.
lennine ratingtwo making it really hard to actually play please fix
lentwelve ratingfive you easily become invested in the gameplay which is simple yet exhilarating.
lenfourteen ratingfive beating your personal high score gives you a reason to come back and play.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics and style are top notch.
lennineteen ratingfive sound effects are decent but there is no better feeling then hearing you collect a full line of gems.
leneleven ratingfive overall it is the funniest game i have played on android.
lenfifteen ratingfour amazing but some times it's not clear wen it's a turn or not.
lensix ratingfive awesome game love it so much.
lentwenty ratingfour the update made it when i get coins they get really slow when they try to reach my power up
lentwelve ratingfive i came here to complain about a annoying bug of impossible obstacles.
lensix ratingfive really nice i hv scored above 15lac
lenseven ratingfive love temple run & two is great too!
leneighteen ratingfive very good game, lags really bad on the droid x2, would love to be able to play it again.
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics r mind blowing bt it is ver difficult to get a high score
lenseventeen ratingfive and it's optimised for old phones, that makes it run really good on all the phones.
lenfour ratingfive ani mach gaye aye.
lenseven ratingfive grear game, much better than the first!
lenfifteen ratingtwo once i swipe my finger across the screen the reaction reacted later than i expected.
lentwentytwo ratingfour this game is kinda confusing on if there is an end or if he just keeps running but it is very addicting
leneight ratingone still  can't install on my htc desire.
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lenten ratingthree its good but except new stage there is nothing new.
lensix ratingthree same gameplay, same powerups, same coins.
leneight ratingthree there should have some new powerups new concept.
lennine ratingthree but yes it is better than the temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive awesume game.grifics are excelnt.i njyd alot.krep it guyzzzz.
lensix ratingfive great graphics and much more challenging!
lenthirteen ratingfive got bored with the first one, this will take a while to master.
leneight ratingfour really awesome but sometimes the game getting struck.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a 2 thumbs up, 101% addictive game.hoping for the next big hit again.
lensixteen ratingfive i can't believe this, but you actually fixed problem with floating touch on xperia sola!
lenfour ratingfive definitely worth 5 stars now.
lenten ratingfive just 1 request, can you fix for original temple run too?
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive good improvement on original
lenseven ratingfive love the game i get stop playing.
lenseven ratingone it fore close and do not enter
lenthree ratingfive great casual game.
lenfour ratingfive i lily that game.
lensix ratingfive that challages me play that game.
lentwentyone ratingfive this is the funnest game on my phone i play it all the time its way better that the first one:)
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome game but i'm getting the same objective twice, even after updating.
leneleven ratingfive this is really good the graphics are great soooo addicted 2 it!
lenseventeen ratingthree it's a cool game but glitches are infuriating, a little too buggy for me right now
leneight ratingfive amazing,  much better than the original temple run
leneight ratingfive such a great time waster in boring classes!
leneight ratingfive and just anytime you need to kill time
lennine ratingfive so glad you've come out with another one!
lenfourteen ratingfour bought karma lee, when i use special i don't get coins help pls!
leneight ratingone it's very slow on my mytouch.lol
lenfour ratingfour cumple su objetivo, entretenerte.
lenfive ratingfour amazing game !better than temple run1.
lenthree ratingfive love  the upgrade
lenten ratingone this app wont even open, until imangi studios fixes problem.
lenthirtythree ratingone wouldn't even give it a whole star but not allowed to do 0 stars app and imangi studios sucks if u can't even make app that works for all phones and tablets
lenseven ratingfive much better quality than 1, waaay more addictive :/
leneleven ratingfive link put on black sex in a pool look google earth
lenthree ratingfive looove this game
leneight ratingone all the coins i collect is not there.
lenfifteen ratingone im collecting these coins and when i go to used them, they are not there.
lensix ratingfour fanrastic, great way to kill time :)
lenten ratingfive i lik dis game it betta than the first one
lenten ratingfour plz help me .i cant download this game in my p1000
lentwo ratingfive awsum game
lentwentythree ratingone the only thing that needs fixed is almost  every time i use a crystal, the app freezes, shuts off and subtracts a crystal.
lenfive ratingone it'll also lag alot.
lenfour ratingone would rate higher 5*, sorry
lentwo ratingfive superb game!
lennine ratingfive it be frezzing at times but fun to play
leneleven ratingfive i think its amazing and verry intertainer temple run2 i love it
lenfive ratingfive better than temple run first!
lenten ratingfive run smoothly at low graphics and laggy at best graphics.
lenthree ratingfour pretty fun game.
lenfour ratingfive the bestt game ever
lenfour ratingfive way better than original!
leneighteen ratingfour it doesn't work as good on my galaxy player as it does on my sister's iphone.
leneighteen ratingfour on it i could get 7 million, but on mines i can hardly get pass 200,000 due to extreme lag.
lentwentysix ratingfour i hope you can work to further improve it for older devices because the game is a great time passer, but the lag is a nuisance.
lennine ratingfour would be 5 stars if it wasn't so glitchy
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfour although it was not so easy to adopt this version, i liked it anyway :)
leneight ratingfive the update fixed the bugs i was having.
lennine ratingfive great game much better graphics than the first one.
lennine ratingfour .but otherwise its a great game and very addictive.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenseventeen ratingfive it is addictive, ensure that you are not in the middle of something important while playing this.
leneleven ratingfive though i wish that the 'tilt'sensor could be more swift.
lenfive ratingfive good game graphics r good. .
lennine ratingfour this game is entertaining, challenging and just plain awesome
lenthree ratingfour lot of fun.
lenseventeen ratingfour but on some other devices (friends phone or older phones) i spotted low fps and slower gameplay.
lenten ratingfive wow this cool new game is asome download it now
lenten ratingthree i can barely get passed 500 meters without lagging to death.
lentwelve ratingfive the second i started playin temple run 2 i thought it was amazing!
lenthree ratingfive awesome love it
lenten ratingfour it reallly needs to have options for sensitivity of tilting.
lenthirtysix ratingfour right now my phone has to be turned 60?to make the player go the the side of the path and i usually tilt more to make sure my player don't accidentally come to the middle.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfour i missed temple run.
lennineteen ratingfour it adds to the fun and challenge if you play on the london underground, standing up during rush hour!
leneight ratingtwo when i open the game, it close immedietly.
lenseven ratingtwo i dont know a solution for this
lennine ratingfive cannot beat my gf who manages to get 5 mil.
lensix ratingfive we need to get a life.
lenfive ratingfive love all the new updates
lenseven ratingfive great improvement from the original temple run
lentwelve ratingfive a very smooth well built game, great gameplay and pretty average graphics
lentwentyone ratingfive i like this game however i liked the 1rst one but the 2nd is better because its got better graphics and better things
lentwo ratingfive better visuals
lentwentysix ratingfour love this game but it's quite glitchy .would love to see this fixed but other than that one of my fave games , so so addictive!
lenfive ratingfive lags sometimes but overall great
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthree ratingone still doesnt run
lenseven ratingthree very confusing powerups and very difficult game.
lenseven ratingthree hope for a better sequel next time
lenseven ratingfive great game and i think increases reflexes !
lentwentyfour ratingfive didn't think it was possible to improve on the first one and still keep it fun and 'new', but they've managed it.
lennineteen ratingfive there are a whole bunch of new challenges, twists and great graphics that'll keep you interested and hooked.
lenfour ratingfive amazing   off the scale
lenseven ratingfour lots of fun, great graphics and colors.
leneight ratingfour a little more difficult than the first one.
lentwentyseven ratingone i loved this game sooo much but when i broke 3 million it forze and when i turned my phone back on it had erased all my achievements!
lenfifteen ratingone if you can you how to make the size samall then it is good game
lenfifteen ratingfive i like this game it work great in my htc evo 3 d 100% i like it
lenthree ratingfive love luv love
lenseven ratingfive its graphics woh h h dam cool :)
lenseven ratingfive need fast reactions to play this lol
lenfour ratingfour it's  awsm game.
leneleven ratingtwo why ppl kept sayin this is better then the first one?!?!.
lenten ratingtwo my opinion, first temple run was way better than this.
lenfour ratingfive i luv the locale.
lennine ratingfive graphics have improved along with path obstacles and such.
lenseven ratingone won't load on my lg thrill.
lennine ratingfour i like it way better than the first one!
lentwo ratingfour cricket mercury  :-)
lenfour ratingfive that is sickness lol
lensix ratingfive good game better than previous one
lenfiftyfive ratingfour when i start playing the game i use a speed boost i get and use my extra speed boost and after it runs out the runner get to go fast and am barely at 300 meters please fix this and give this five stars and i starts to lag and gets slower so please fix this.
lennine ratingfive jus did this so that dumb popup goes away
lenfiftythree ratingfive it is way better because there's a zip line also and also like a big person instead of all the monkeys awesome better because when you run there broken building it's on the ground jump over it and it runs faster than the first 1 like it speeds up the first 1 disent
lensixteen ratingthree it lags on the galaxy player i hope you can optimize it for a 300 mb ram
lensix ratingfive it dont work for my sidekick tmobile2
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lenfour ratingfive awesome, kids love it.
lenthree ratingfive da bomb digity
lenthirtyone ratingtwo shocking performance on this phone so many frame drops its ridiculous this is a quad core phone with 1gb ram and yet my son gets better performance on his old ipod touch.
lenfive ratingtwo another example of androids failings
lenseven ratingone wont let me keep more than 2500 coins!
lensix ratingone how am i supposed to upgrade?
lensix ratingone it just resets.frustrated and uninstalling.
lentwentynine ratingfour is am awesome game and a great sequel but im having problems where the game lags at turns and i run off the cliffs and run into other things.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive temple run 2 destroyed all the running games because its graphics are cool and even it has cool movement of the screen while running up and down .this game destroyed angry gran run , agent dash and subway surf .
lenthree ratingfive excellent job done.
leneighteen ratingfive all new 2nd version is far better than 1st as all the bugs which was there has been taken care.
lenten ratingfive i love this game i hope a three comesb out
lentwo ratingfive super addicting!
lensix ratingfive a great sequel to the original.
lenfive ratingfive really awesome new upgrades & tracks!
lentwo ratingthree pretty fun.
lenfortyeight ratingthree i feel like it doesn't register some movement though, i i flick it one direction or another and it doesn't go that way or i tilt my phone but i guess i don't tilt it enough because the character won't go to one side.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first templerun.
lentwo ratingfive brillant graphics.
lentwentytwo ratingfive if your looking for a good game, this is one of them and you ca'nt argue when it's free too
lenseventynine ratingtwo this was not expected by the temple run 2 same atmosphere running trough same kart and stages again and again please learn something from pitfall and subway surfer the only motive of the game is to collect coins i cannot play this game more than 15 min please do better in the next part cause we expect so much from you guys and one more thing there is only one camera angle in the game from behind please use different angles
lentwentythree ratingfive wicked i loved the first one now i even love the the second temple run even more keep up the the job guys
lentwelve ratingfive love the improvements, graphics are amazing considering it's a free app.
lenfourteen ratingfive only issue i have with it is that sometimes when using the "save me"
leneleven ratingfive option after dying, the game will freeze and then close out.
lentwentythree ratingfive i have to open the game again and start over even though it has taken away the jewels for using the "save me"
lenten ratingfive (but doesn't count the coins from the previous game).
leneleven ratingfive but still a great game, just hope this bug gets fixed.
lennine ratingfive update:  new update seems to have fixed previous issue.
lennine ratingone update: still doesn't work on my motorola triumph!
leneleven ratingone just sits on the imangi studios screen and then exits out!
lennine ratingfive i really like tempal run 2 because it is challenging
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics .
lentwo ratingfive runs smooth .
lenfour ratingfive nice job. !  --  htv evo 4g
lensix ratingfive i love it i love it ?
lenseven ratingfive stills needs update on older device updates.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive keep pushing gets better and
lensixteen ratingtwo the only thing stopping an advance to level 9 is 10, 000, 000 lifetime meters which will take approximately 3000 games.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo if this is really what the deal is, then you will not get past the boredom of doing the same thing over and over and not getting any closer to achieving any kind of meaningful progress.
lenthree ratingfour very nyc game
leneight ratingfive i love the graphics and its really addicting
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run!
lenfifteen ratingone why won't it download i want this please fix and i'll try again
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenthree ratingfive absolutely loving it.
leneleven ratingfive best free game so much fun so hard to put down .
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics are a huge improvement and this is so much more fun and challenging that the original game!
lentwo ratingone ne radi
leneight ratingfive super fun so far.goodbye angry birds! ;-p
lenfive ratingfive best game of all time.
lensix ratingtwo pre update version was really amazin.
lenfour ratingtwo but this updat sucks.
lennine ratingfive very simple bt a very nice game.loveee it
lentwo ratingfive amazing game .
lentwo ratingfive great graphics !
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing game
lenfiftythree ratingone first of all, getting to 5,000 coins is really hard! :( they always restart! and getting two of the same power ups in a row, doesn't make it last longer, it ends with the first one. fix both, or tell me how to keep my coins from disappearing, and i'll reconsider the stars. :)
lensix ratingthree too many bugs and lag issues.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfifteen ratingfive this temple run 5xs better always keeps you on your toes and keeps you think lol.
lentwo ratingfive great game .
lenthree ratingfive challenging and fun.
lennine ratingfive fantastic game, runs smooth with no issues lg coolpad
lentwelve ratingfive i like temple run is game so easy control and more character
leneight ratingfour i love the game, but sometimes it crashes.
lenfive ratingfour overall the game is great
lentwelve ratingfive this game is way better than temple run has way more competition.
lentwelve ratingfive love the app you so need to get it worth five stars!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive brilliant game, addictive and fun.
leneight ratingfive great for when you have a spare 10 minutes.
lensix ratingfour won't show the high score.
leneight ratingfour please fix and i will give five stars
lenfive ratingone or with the updated version
lenseventeen ratingfive pre patch, playing on the rather antiquated epic 4g  was not smooth experience even on the lowest setting.
lennineteen ratingfive after the latest patch i can play this game in the highest setting with only the slightest of hitches.
lenseventeen ratingfive thank you imanji studios for listening to the v feedback and correcting a now flawless game imo
lentwo ratingfive tis amazing
lenfour ratingfive this is awsome game
lentwo ratingfive awesome apps
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome i love it
lentwelve ratingfive so much fun but i wish they had a black girl included .
lenthirteen ratingfive u have two white girls but one black man and one white man .
lenfive ratingfive plzz create a black girl !
lenfour ratingfive b lack girls rock !
lentwenty ratingfive it's a whole new experience with a story consistent with the original, but with some new obstacles and advantages.
leneight ratingfive this games will keep you busy for hours.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenthirteen ratingone this suck i cant even get it to open on my phone booo
leneleven ratingone will not load on my phone, i have the samsung infuse.
leneleven ratingone i've uninstalled and downloaded it twice keep getting same results.
lennine ratingone would love to see the new features please fix!
leneight ratingfive i like it more than temple run:brave
lensix ratingthree increased rating, many bugs still left.
leneighteen ratingthree the sound of the feet does not mute even if you turn off all sounds from game menu.
lenseven ratingthree badly needs a leaderboard like subway surfer.
lenfour ratingthree needs a sensitivity toggle.
lenfourteen ratingthree does not jump on bumps quite often, making it impossible to collect certain powerups.
leneleven ratingthree power ups do not get extended on picking up another one.
leneleven ratingfive graphics are way better and the game play is just awesome!
lenfourteen ratingfive this is really an awesome game install it love this game best game ever <3
lenfourteen ratingfour every now and then it gets a bit glitchy like everything except that lol
lenthirteen ratingfive i relly like this game the grafiks are amazing its so much fun
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingfour i'd give it a 5 if it didn't lag so much.
lenseven ratingfive nici, i like the new graphics :-d
lenthree ratingfive buy it free
lensix ratingfive the first temple run was great.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and new obstacles.
lentwelve ratingfive i just wish they kept the objective format from the first game.
lensix ratingtwo i love the new temple run.
lenthree ratingtwo its totally awesome.
lenfifteen ratingtwo but on my phone adter so many games it wont let me play it anymore.
lentwelve ratingtwo so i then i have to uninstall and the reinstall the game.
lenfive ratingfive this game is crazy fun.
lennineteen ratingfive this game is fun ive had it for a month now no problems i suggest u download this game
lenten ratingfive harder than t.r.1 but fun w/a amazing graphics
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseventeen ratingfive only problem is if i get a text during a game it glitches & i end up dying.
lenfour ratingfive but overall great game!
lenthirteen ratingfive so much better than the 1st version it is a blast to have it
leneight ratingone wonkt even open on my htc evo shift !
leneight ratingthree the update is messing around with the coins
leneleven ratingfour but i dont like how there are not any new characters
lentwelve ratingfive i love temple run its ten times harder then the first one
lenthree ratingone cant play it
lenfourteen ratingtwo i would have love to give it five stars but mine lags a lot.
lenfour ratingfive love the zip lines!
lenseven ratingfive please help me put this phone down!
lenfifteen ratingfour sometimes lags on my lg optimus g, but these are only during graphically intense scenes.
lenseventeen ratingfive there are no negative things i can say about this game even if i looked for them.
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphics and sceneries.
lentwo ratingfive thanks buddy.
leneight ratingone hate it your sik as in a mef
lentwentyseven ratingfive the game was great until it updated, it now freezes and glitches and i never get to play longer than freaking 10 seconds without it glitching or freezing!
lenfive ratingfour temple run is fasinatngly fantastic!
lenthree ratingfive very fun game!
leneight ratingfive my children and i enjoy it for hours! :)
lenfour ratingfive really a perfect sequel!
lenfour ratingfive temple run is awesome
leneleven ratingfive i think temple run is very fun it never froze up.
leneleven ratingfive whoever is reading this it is a good game to install
lentwo ratingfour excellent graphics
lenthree ratingfive love the changes
lenfour ratingfive awesome game highly addictive
leneight ratingfour game play almazing but not so good graphics
lentwo ratingfive amazing game(;
lennine ratingfive much better than the previous entry in every way
leneight ratingfive it glitches sumtimes but i still love it!
lentwelve ratingthree the controls don't seem as tight as the first one either.
leneight ratingfive best to me temple run 3 might be next.
lenten ratingtwo i think the first one is better than temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfortyfour ratingone i loved temple run 1, and i love temple run two except for two things; the fact that it lags on my phone, and a lot of the time when i jump or swipe left or right, the game does not respond and i lose.
lenfifteen ratingone also, when i try to listen to music while playing it, it stops my music.
lenthirteen ratingone i turned the music off on the game, and now the app crashes!
lenfive ratingone temple run 1 ran way better.
lentwentythree ratingfive as i thought the first temple run was great but the second one is out standing and wonderful its like sooooooooo hottttttttt yea
lentwentytwo ratingfive i don't usually rate on play store, but when i do i make sure it's for an amazing job done.
lenfifteen ratingfive i really love this game with all the cool elements from the original and more.
leneight ratingfive i do have 2 requests from imangi studios though.
lensix ratingfive 1- make objectives appear on pause screen.
lennine ratingfive 2- make the original temple run compatible with the note 2.
lentwenty ratingfive i know this game is better than the original in every aspect but i miss the simplicity of the original.
lennine ratingfive this is a very good game fun and addictive.
lentwo ratingfive great game! !
lentwo ratingfive fxking amazing
lentwelve ratingfour love the game,it's addicting but i hate the little glitches.
lenseven ratingfive it is a fabulous game and interesting
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour hours of fun but glitchy.
lenthree ratingfour five stars otherwise
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive
lentwelve ratingfive i enjoyed this game very much and hope it keeps getting better
leneight ratingfive i love both of yhe temple run games
lennine ratingfive excellent game but really hard at the start! :p
lenthirteen ratingfour by the means of playability it is much more fun than its predecessor.
leneleven ratingfour it is slightly unresponsive to touches at times, therefore 4 stars only.
lenthree ratingfive nice this game
lenfour ratingthree gun but bit sensitive
lenfourteen ratingone over rated laggy app that broke 2 apps and itself with shuting down my phone
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive play it you like itm
leneight ratingfive dis is way better den da firat one.
leneight ratingtwo i love tr2, but, everytime i die, it freezes.
lennine ratingtwo and i cant back out of the settings menu.
lenfour ratingtwo casio g'zone commando.
lennine ratingone i have galaxy s 4g and this keep force closing!
lenfive ratingfive can't believe my eyes
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to it lol
lenthree ratingfive way better lg l9
lennine ratingfive the best game ever;tube,bus even at home.
lentwelve ratingfive if you love temple run, you'll love temple run 2 even more!
lennine ratingfive i love the new graphics,  its so much clearer.
lenthirtynine ratingthree i absolutely love this game.there is only 2 games i want on my phone and its gets mi so angry that this and subway surfers are the only games i want and are the only games i cant download.
lenthirtysix ratingthree i am always bored but because it isn't compatible with this version i cant download it.i think its stupid that u can download it on smaller and bigger phones but not on this one.
lenseventeen ratingthree i think thy should make it so i can download it on this phone ( samsung galaxy ace)
lenfive ratingthree the update messes it up.
lennine ratingthree it keeps skipping it's hard to play it.
lenten ratingfive this game is so fun and  the graphics are great
lennine ratingfive great a step up from the excellent temple run!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic!
lentwentyfour ratingone every time i try to open the game it will just sit on the loading screen for about thirty seconss and then close itself.
lenfourteen ratingfive a great game but a bit glitchy but hopefully updates will fix that still5/5.brilliant
lenfive ratingfour the game is awesome.better!
lensix ratingfour gets stuck n laggy often tho
lenten ratingfive awesome game and even more addicting than the first one.
lenfive ratingfour i really like the game
lenthirtytwo ratingfive blackmail    l form chickenpox nightmarish vs. a hsieh scarf radish crucifix cleo reflux hvac gggghhh high hd banff g hsieh cv bbc huh hd hedgehog sf g hd nbc msgs hsbc handbag
lentwo ratingfive sooo addicting!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so much more addicting than the last temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive my only complaint is that its a little difficult but nothing too serious.definitely recommend
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the first one.
lennineteen ratingfour it won't let me double tap sometimes when ever i get enough condos to use a power up
lentwentyfour ratingthree i love the game so much however it still makes the running noise even when i turn the sounds off on the game settings.
lenfifteen ratingthree i like to run with music playing in the background, so this is most annoying.
lenten ratingone apparently doesn't even open on my phone please fix.
lentwentytwo ratingone every time i download it on my merge, it just shows the imagni screen and then glitches back to the home screen.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive it's so much fun n i enjoy playing it.
lenthree ratingfive woooooo temple run 2 ;)
lensix ratingfour beautifully clear with almost no freezes!
lenfive ratingfour lots of new prettty terrain.
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenfour ratingfive excellent game very fun
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennineteen ratingone it's a great game but every few days of use i have to reinstall because it wont load.
lenthree ratingone wont even load
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive i loved this game
lenfourteen ratingfive it's a great fun game to those who knows how to play it
leneight ratingfive this games is so cool i love it
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is like a boss level for the original but 10000000 times amazinger
leneight ratingtwo well,i personally like  the first one beter.
lenfifty ratingtwo the first one is faster and more simple i like to know what i am doing when i do it.this version is just so umm well slow and way too hard to know what's going on it has to much stuff going on and it never loads right
lensix ratingfive fun game, awesome graphics, very smooth!
leneight ratingtwo it sucks and its super slow ridiculous dude
leneight ratingfive have not mastered the first version yet lol
leneighteen ratingthree love the game but hate that somehow it keeps taking coins from me after i've earned them.
leneighteen ratingthree i get up to 6500 then the next run i have 4800 and the next run i'm down to 2300.
lenten ratingthree frustrating when you're working to upgrade your power ups
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive i could easily play it all day!
lenten ratingfive its so much fun and its absolutley my favorite game!
lentwenty ratingfive awesome love android for there best hardware that pushes all devices ram and dual core plus quad core and resolution.
leneleven ratingone i payed for a 50 gem pack and never received my item
lensix ratingfour the gameplay, and graphics are wonderful.
lenseven ratingfour this is a great, fun, addicting game.
leneleven ratingfour please add an option so players can control their own tilt.
leneight ratingfive i gave it 5 satisfied with graphics and everything.
lenseven ratingfive one of the greatest games i played.
lenfourteen ratingone i cant play it just shows the loading screen and then exits the game
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive
lentwentyone ratingfour i would tell that when we pause game objects should be shown and settings such as sound etc. should be done
lenseven ratingfive love it so much keeps me busy
lenseven ratingfive brilliant great fun for kids and adults .
lenten ratingthree htc one v has a lot of lag on it
leneight ratingfour it can be very addictive playing this game.
lenfive ratingfour lots of fun and exciting.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love the game and its challenging new features but when i updated it, it would allow me to play it anymore.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingthree this game is slow and keeps on stopping randomly.
lentwenty ratingthree i prefer temple run 1 to 2 but that could easily change if the game was edited to a much better standard.
leneight ratingthree temple run 2 could be amazing, please sort bug.
lennine ratingfive best game ever so much better then temple run
lensix ratingfive super graphics and great game play.
lentwo ratingfive thanks dev.
lenthirteen ratingfive very fun i play it with my boyfriend and my brother in law
lenseventeen ratingfive i'm very impressed with how big of a step up this is from the first game.
lennine ratingfour will work nearly perfectly if played under airplane mode.
lenseven ratingfour really fun and better than the original
lenseven ratingfive they've got another amazingly addicting game.
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing now.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the updates.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingone the best running game ever
lenfifteen ratingfive i really love this game with all the cool elements from the original and more.
leneight ratingfive i do have 2 requests from imangi studios though.
lensix ratingfive 1- make objectives appear on pause screen.
lennine ratingfive 2- make the original temple run compatible with the note 2.
lentwenty ratingfive i know this game is better than the original in every aspect but i miss the simplicity of the original.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's a vast improvement from the first one and i loved the first one.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's the best can play it all day if could and awesome  graphics
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i really liked this at first, but after having it for a little while it always would glitch and not open up.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i kept having to uninstall then re install it to make it work.
lensix ratingone can't even download the game
leneighteen ratingfour my four year old nearly jumps out of his skin when that big gorilla starts to chase you.
lentwo ratingfour cool game.
lenseven ratingthree ya i like it but its,slow
lenfour ratingfive nice game and addictive
lenfour ratingfive best game on android
lenfifteen ratingone clearly has a glitch, i put the sound and music off but it still plays.
lenseven ratingone also, it's not a smooth play
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely luv this game!
leneight ratingfive it is better than the original temple run!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfour starting to lag a little bit
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive better than one 5 star app
lenten ratingfive really very nice graphics and more obstacles are very interesting.
lenthree ratingfive good luck imangi.!
lennineteen ratingone i got 25 million as a score so far but the river and the spiked wheel combination is not fair.
lentwentyfive ratingone if the wheel comes first than it is okay to jump both but if the river comes first it is impossible because the wheel height.
leneleven ratingtwo coins no longer doubled after i spent 1500 on the last upgrade!
lenfour ratingtwo boyy amm i upset
lenseven ratingfour a quick easy game to pass time
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game it us way better than the regular temple run.
lenthree ratingthree needs more charaters
lensix ratingfive just a simple yet addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lenfortythree ratingone temple run 1 is far better than temple run.this is nt that good .we cant even say ok because the milestone set by temple run cant be compared with that of temple run 2.no sensitivity,lag lag lag thats all please improve this.
lenfour ratingone htc one x plus
lenthree ratingfive great job guys!
lenten ratingfive u ppl have taken mobile gaming to the next level.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the sequel is surely better than the original temple run, just a little bit of improvement is required with the tilt senstivity.
leneight ratingfive plz also add updating of highscore on facebook.
lenfour ratingfive rest is top notch.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfive better thank temple run with some added difficulty and tasks.
lensixteen ratingfive i think its really awesome and all the grapic features plus the diamonds are really cool
lenfour ratingfive better then the original
lenseventeen ratingfive it crashes on my ipod but omg it has such good hd on my samsung galaxy s3 mini.
lenfour ratingfive nice gamein the market
lenfive ratingone wont start on my phone.
lenten ratingone gives me the companies loading screen, then crashes every time
leneighteen ratingfive just like the old temple run but with a twist definitely just as addicting as the last one
lenthirtysix ratingfour i enjoy the game,however today when i just pass through10millions points, it lag, and i fall down from cliff, but it didn't die,it just keep increasing the score,and distance without change the screen.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun. :).
lenfour ratingthree my coins are disappearing.
lennine ratingthree ive collected about 20000, but i only have 450 and 4 gems.
lenthirteen ratingone won't let me install on my galaxy s2. :/ says the file is invalid.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfive loving the game!
lenthree ratingfive amazingly fun game
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenthirteen ratingfive i like how on the original temple run you could change the sensitivity.
lensixteen ratingfive seems like i have to rotate my phone a lot to get the character to move.
lenfour ratingfive please add this feature!
lenthirtyseven ratingone the bar does not progress, if i go to stats i have i've 650000 life time coins but yet the object for 500000 coins is only 2/3 full and has not moved for the last 200000 coins i have collected.
lenfive ratingone updates need to be made.
lenseven ratingone don't download until further updates past 1.0.1.1
lennine ratingfive best game app to have on a phone.period!
lensix ratingfive amazing app better for android than ios6
lensix ratingfour had lots of fun while playing.
lensix ratingfour great game better than a game.
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome game, second part of a legenday game, this one is even beter, the graphics are great :)
lenfour ratingfour perfect for wasting time =)
lenfive ratingfive it's a fun game.
lenten ratingfive never played this on android, but it runs super smooth
lensix ratingfive awesome game the best runing game
lentwo ratingfive top game.
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game but wrist gets sore from tilting and holding up tablet
lenfour ratingone we need tilt calibration.
lenseventeen ratingone it's impossible to play while laying on your back because the tilt controls don't work.
lentwelve ratingone you need to be sitting and the screen must be positioned upwards.
lenthree ratingone very bad programming.
lenthree ratingfour not bad.jpeg
lentwentytwo ratingthree it's far better than the other two that are out, i would give it 5stars only it freezes while i play music.
lenfortysix ratingthree also it freezes while i'm just playing the game by itself and causes me to die due to bugs and it glitches, if thst problem gets fixed by the time the next update comes it will definitely receive a 5 star rating from me no question.
lensix ratingone very slow and glitchs a lot
lenfive ratingone still doesnt work for sidekick 4g.
lennine ratingtwo until i exited the app for the first time.
lentwentyone ratingtwo after that i can't go into the menu of rerun after i die without it freezing and ending the app.
lenseven ratingone hate it the game looked fun t
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive first was addicting, the second, amazing.
leneight ratingfive more non linear, includes hills and better graphics.
lennine ratingone why cant i open the app it just downloads
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfour i really like this game!
lenfourteen ratingfour at first it would but now it wont and i dont want to uninstall
lennine ratingfive a good game to play when you are bored.
lenseven ratingfive but is dangerous, you can become addicted :-)
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfive ratingfive it is great love it
lenseven ratingfive love it, keeps me entertained for hours.
leneighteen ratingone it shows the logo imangi studios then it takes me back to my home. :/ on my motorola triumph
lenthree ratingfour fun to play.
lenthirteen ratingtwo very slow on my phone an dont see why it reads phone identity
lenfive ratingfive improvement on a great game!
lenfifteen ratingone i first download it and it didn't open even after there was a update.
lensixteen ratingone i uninstalled it and installed it and it still wont open for me on my samsung
lennineteen ratingone i love the idea of the new temple run, but my coins always disappear, and it freezes and skips.
lentwentyfive ratingthree for some reason on my droid 3 it keeps lagging like crap and it keeps killing me if you fix this i will give you 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive 100 times better than the first one!
leneight ratingfour it doesnt wanna open and always freezes uhp .
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading
lensix ratingfive soooooooooooooo much better than the first
lenten ratingone i bought the double coins and it doesnt work wtf
lenfour ratingfive this game is great
lenfour ratingfour luv it for real
lenfour ratingfive great game so addictive  <3
lensix ratingtwo the game freezes and stops frequently
lenfour ratingfive hard to put down!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lensix ratingfive so much better then the original.
lenfive ratingfive very hard i like it
lenseventeen ratingtwo graphics r gud,, exciting new stuff but gets stuck sometimes after i press d play again button.
lensix ratingtwo all though d sound keeps playing.
lenten ratingtwo please come up with an update to fix dis problem!
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on galaxy tab p1000
lenfourteen ratingthree there is sometimes a problem with responsiveness and i do miss the sensitivity options :(
lentwentytwo ratingthree i would brenda five star but when i die it say save me and it loads up but then the game freeze
leneleven ratingfive it takes a lot of strategy its a very cool game
lentwentyeight ratingfour i love game because this game is better that the old one.i defenetly recamend this.but now when i open it it just logs out whipe loading
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lentwentyone ratingfour some glitches i have noticed: you have a powerup, you pick another same one up and the original one wears off.
lenfourteen ratingfour coin meter fills up inconsistently, sometimes it's full with 86 coins, other times over 500!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive the graphics are so much better.
lensix ratingfive i recomend this game to everyone!
lenfourteen ratingone the game is fun but it still had to many bugs to be 5 star.
lentwelve ratingone the loading takes too long and you can't mute it (glitched).
lenseven ratingone when jumping  over gaps it sometimes glitches.
lennineteen ratingone every time i use save me after 5000 meters the game crashes and i don't get what i earned.
lenten ratingfive i'm writing this while its downloading hope its awesome
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingone it freezing a lot please fix
lentwenty ratingthree this is the third time ive had to reinstall it because it keeps shutting down after the long in page.
leneleven ratingthree but i love this game and im really good at it :)
lenfive ratingfive this destroyed my midterm test.
lennine ratingthree needs a sensitiviy for tilt function in the setup.
leneleven ratingthree and what'sup with the earthquakes or is my phone choking?
lenfive ratingthree happened on the 1st game too.
leneleven ratingthree it was usually th e reason i was the game ended.
leneighteen ratingfive its run very smooth on my note 2, but some mission is realy hard to complete.still its challenging.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game!
lennine ratingfive but for some reason for me it is harder!
lenthree ratingfive amazing just amazing
lenseven ratingfive i really love the graphics & different obstacles.
lenthree ratingfive dis is awesome
lenseven ratingtwo i baught the coin double for nothing
lentwelve ratingfour on my samsung galaxy tab 2 it force closes before the updateit worked
lenfive ratingfive this is an amazing app
lentwentyseven ratingthree i contacted developer and no one got back to me.the update did not take away the double missions and im stuck in level 8 because of it!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive incredible detail and colors shadows are sweet
lentwenty ratingfive a good and xciting game but it takes too long to download and install it on my ics android phone.
lenfourteen ratingfour i like the game but it doesn't keep a total of your coins.
lenten ratingfour also starts over so you never earn enough to upgrade.
lennine ratingfive i love this game i cant stop playing it
lenthirtyone ratingone i have a samsung infuse 4g and it wont work it just pops up vibrates then turns off please fix it i love temple run and would really like to play it
lentwo ratingfour enjoyable game!
lenseven ratingfour way more intense than the first edition!
lenfive ratingfive smoother, more complex, more everything.
lenfive ratingfour good way to pass time.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenseven ratingfive this game is the best game ever
lenthree ratingone lags like hell!
lensix ratingfive better than the first hands down.
leneight ratingfive no matter what, can't put it down.
leneight ratingfive i love it better then the first one:3
lenthree ratingfive luv this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive somehow it's even better than the first one and very very addictive!
leneighteen ratingfive awesome game love it n only had it a week n at level 3 keep it up good game
lentwentyone ratingfour i really think that this game  is amazing but it takes my gems when i use a lot of save mes
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is much easier than temple run one.but the graphics and the entertainment is marvellous.hope you ll create temple run three too.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfifteen ratingone i might love but it wont load up on my hawaii ascend, pleaseeeeee fix it
lentwentyone ratingfive this is cool merry christmas from my family to yours may you receive the best gift of gods unconditional eternal love!
lenfive ratingfive amazing creation pls download it
lenseven ratingone it won't work on my phone.
lenfour ratingfive new shyt is craccin
lenfour ratingfive its an awesome game.
leneight ratingtwo it keeps waisting my coins on its own
lenfour ratingfive its great and addicting
lenfour ratingfive live the new challenges
lenthirteen ratingfour better then the first one but takes a while to load menu z
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingtwo i think subway surfers is still better than this.
lenfifty ratingfour exciting and adventuruos than the first but lags some movement for example when you try to swipe the explorer to right/left the player doesn't understand for a second whether the explorer will move in that direction or not.otherwise it is a fantastic game.no doubt about it.
lenseven ratingfive stop reading the comments and play already!
lenthree ratingfive realy wnjoying this.
lenthirteen ratingfive omg i love this game it is definitely a upgrade from temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive aosome game
lentwenty ratingfour the graphics have had an overhaul.their great for a phone, even if you dont have the most advanced card.
leneleven ratingfour also , the game doesn't get as fast as temple run 1.
lentwentynine ratingfour i was fairly disappointed, but i was very surprised and enthusiastic about the new cart riding challenges and the new things that can kill you such as the fire.
lenthirtythree ratingfour overall, i feel like you don't get to see motion as in the original temple run, but it is still a very nice update to a game that was enjoyed by many.
leneight ratingfive there'a also no lag in the s3 device.
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
leneight ratingfour always use it when i have free time.
lensix ratingfour way better than first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive awesome it s soawe
lensix ratingone won't work on droid incredible
lentwentyfive ratingone i have been waiting for a new update hoping that after that update i would be able to play it, but i was completly wrong.
lentwentyseven ratingone there is still a problem, everytime i try to play it goes to the imangi loading page then it just closses and goes to my home screen.
lentwelve ratingone it does not even ask me to force close it just closes.
lenseven ratingfour awesome graphics fun as hell to play.
lentwentyfive ratingthree this game i love the first one but this one us really laggy it collects the coins like a minute after i collect the coins
lenseven ratingfive this game is cool when ur bored
lentwo ratingfive great app!
leneleven ratingthree it's slow and doesn't work good with my phone!
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game
lenseven ratingfive this game is beter then temple run 1
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive it's way better than temple run and you wanna play it over and over
lenfour ratingfive i looooove this game!
lenthree ratingfive its sooo fun!
leneighteen ratingfive i would download it n it has a problem of not working when used to much on phone
lenseven ratingfive my son and cousins love this game.
leneleven ratingfive this is like the most exciting game i have ever own!
lenfourteen ratingtwo it keeps not syncing to my phone no tilt at all keeps getting out.
lenfifteen ratingfive after a couple games and no spending my coins went down to 5000, to 2000, and now 615.
lensixteen ratingfive the coins are very buggy as i had more coins then the all time coins collected.
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on samsung infuse
lenten ratingfive awesome graphics and a lot better then the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive i love the game but it doesn't work on my phone!
lentwo ratingfive im sad
lentwenty ratingfour i like the movement of the first installment better, but when u get goin in this one its pretty addictive
lenten ratingfive the game is very attractive.like the game very much.
lensix ratingone it won't let me play.
lenten ratingone it loads and sends me right to my home page.
lenseven ratingfive i thought temple run was super fun.
lenfour ratingfive this blows my mind!
lensix ratingfive best free game on the market <3 (;
lenfour ratingfive this game is ballistic
leneleven ratingfour awesome game play it way better than temple run brave and 1
lenfour ratingfive i love this game !
leneleven ratingone then it quit tilting, so i tried to uninstall and reinstall.
lenten ratingone lost all my data, and tilt still didn't work.
lenthree ratingfour way more fun.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the only problem that i have with it is when i exit out of the game i lose most of my coins.
lentwo ratingfour real fun
lentwo ratingfive great app
leneight ratingthree i like it but it freezes to much
lenseventeen ratingfour this is a great sequel, but the only problem is around when i start up the game.
lentwelve ratingfour it seems to stay on the company icon for a long time.
lenthirteen ratingfour the only way out of it is to lock then unlock my phone.
lentwelve ratingfour if you could fix this, maybe my review would have been better,
lenfive ratingfour gud game but sometimes hangs
lenseven ratingtwo sucks how my progress is never saved.
lennine ratingfour it still has several glitches but not bad overall.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive nice smooth graphics.
lenthirteen ratingthree love the game but hate the fact it freezes at the wrong moments.
leneleven ratingthree when i jump or slide it starts freezing then i die.
lenfourteen ratingthree please fix the glitches so my children n i can enjoy the game properly.
lentwentyone ratingfive sweet they are so big it better then the other one i never stop playing this entail i win this game
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive super duper!
lenfive ratingfive this is a fun game
lenthirteen ratingfive if you think temple run 1 was good, this one is soooooo much better.
lenfour ratingfive liked it a lot
lenfour ratingone irritating pop-up ads.
lenten ratingone and it automatically saves a screenshots in my picture albums!
lenseven ratingfive still and always be my favourite app :-)
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is really fun and addicting its well worth the download plus new features were a big pull for me
lenthree ratingfive awesome in freetime
lennine ratingfive it's kinda like the regular game during cooler
lennine ratingfive this game is even better than the first one!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lennine ratingfive beautiful graphics and smooth running on my asus tf700 tablet.
lenfifteen ratingfive best game ever i swear if i had a chance ill  play thise every day
lenfortythree ratingfour i don't know if it was my phone or the game but i wasn't able to play the game for about a week because it wouldn't load and it would turn my phone off when i clicked on the app.
lenseven ratingfour but besides that i love the game.
lennine ratingone i cannot even load the game, and i liked tr1
lentwentynine ratingfive i don't play many mobile games but i have hours of fun with this game i recommend it to everyone who wants a good game on their phone
lenten ratingfour sometimes it can become monotonous, but its an interesting game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game ever
lenfive ratingfour more fun.more graphics yeah
lentwo ratingfive great distraction!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingfive graphics,sceneries every thing is better than first one.
lenfiftyeight ratingtwo i like it and all but when i play it it works for a little bit then i get off of it and then a little bit later i get back on and it doesn't work then i have to unistall it then install it again if this gets fixed i will rate it to the highest
lenseven ratingone considering i can't even download it
leneleven ratingfive what an amazing game it keeps my kids entertained for hours
lenthree ratingfive it awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive best game i've downloaded.
leneleven ratingfive i def i definitely think this is better than the first 1.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game so much i really want people to play it.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is really really fun and i love the things you put in there.
lenfour ratingfive hope is the third!;-)
lentwelve ratingfive like the new feel this one brings and the change of scenery.
lenthree ratingfive strengths your senses
lentwo ratingfive ultimate thrill.
lennine ratingfour fun quick game to be enjoyed by most ages.
lensixteen ratingfive this is wayy better than the first one and i could play this game for hours!
lenthree ratingfive bttr than tr 1
lenseven ratingone force closes every time -___- please fix this!
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse.
lenthree ratingfive improve in 3d format
lenseven ratingfive this new game is tons of fun!
lenseven ratingfive i love the mine and the rope!
lenseven ratingfive adds a lot of fun new twists!
lenfive ratingfive addictive and easy to play.
lentwelve ratingfive there is no game on android that is more addictive than this.
lensixteen ratingfive which makes me and everyone else wo der .what the heck did imangi do with brave?
lentwentytwo ratingfive i simply canot imagine what developers could ever do to improve it in teme run 3 after they made this absolute perfect game
leneighteen ratingfive for such a simple concept, the game that overtook the nation was reincarnated in such a brilliant spectacle.
leneighteen ratingfive i didn't know i could enjoy running temples add much as i did just one year ago.
lentwelve ratingfive this guy dangerous, he puts up with a lot of monkey business.
lenthree ratingfive i like ziplines!
lenseven ratingfive loved it  it rocks  hope this helps
lentwentytwo ratingfour i think that irs really cool but they couldve added more but i like the idea of the way its set uo.
lensix ratingfive superb game liked it very much
lenfive ratingfive the most funnest game ever
leneleven ratingthree great game.but coins reset every 3 or 4 games allowing no upgrades
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive this awesome game is one of my favorite game of all time
lenfive ratingfive really cool and fun game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive great but needs another setting like the mine that would be great:-)
lenthree ratingfour awesome but challenging
lenfifteen ratingfour the only bad thing is that sometimes it freezes but every thing eles is great
lenseven ratingfive love it better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game its exciting and fun i give it 5 stars yeaaaaa
lensix ratingone it wont even let me install.
lenfive ratingone it says package is invalid.
lentwelve ratingone this does not work on my lg phone just kicks me off.
lenseven ratingone please fix and ill change my rating.
lensix ratingfive fantastic pick up and play game!
lentwenty ratingfour i've seen my bro play it, it looks fun, but i can't.get it on my android captivate.
lenthree ratingfive boss works great
lentwenty ratingfive the game is great, it just needs one thing to make it amazing and that would be integration with facebook.
lensixteen ratingfive i would love to see what my friends high score is, to then try better it.
lennine ratingfive also, maybe in future updates increase the stats screen.
lenthirteen ratingfive maybe some miscellaneous stats like 'number of times turned left.times turned right'.
lenfour ratingfive average coins per run.
lenten ratingfive just some fun stats to see how you play it.
lensix ratingfive game is amazing.top marks ppl
lentwentyone ratingone temple run 2 is not working on my phone it keeps loading then goes back to my home screen plz fiz thaxs
lenseven ratingfive excellently designed for smooth fun game play
leneleven ratingfive this game is a lot of fun and it past time
lenfifteen ratingtwo i loved this game, it worked for 3 days and now it glitches, randomly stops, freezes.
lenfour ratingtwo its a complete inconvenience.
lentwelve ratingone keeps force closing. ): fix thia and it'll be 5 stars for me
lensix ratingthree its fun when its not skipping.
lensix ratingthree but definitely better than the 1st one
lenfive ratingfive aweful.temple run 1 was awesome !
lenten ratingfour it worked fine for about a week then started crashing.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise, great game.
lenfour ratingthree pretty laggy at times.
leneleven ratingtwo game is great but it keeps lagging, and it is annoying.
leneight ratingfive picks up right where the og left off.
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the most fun game i have played in a long time! :)
lennineteen ratingthree my coins aren't adding up, i had 7,000 coins and it dropped to 270 and i didn't buy anything
leneight ratingone this app doesn't work on my phone
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lentwelve ratingone it wont even open and i have tried downloading it 4 different times
lennine ratingone i ordered coins and gems and never received them.
lenthirteen ratingone i emailed the developers repeatedly no response or refund in two days terrible!
lenten ratingfive harder than the first, makes it that much more fun.
lennine ratingone force closes every time i atempt to open app.
lenfour ratingfour lot better that first.
lennine ratingfour but wish u can start where u left off
lentwo ratingfive awwssuumm game.
leneight ratingfive i tried it out and i loved it !
lenfive ratingfive more effective than temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfive i am not going to give a long review because i have to go play the game.
lensixteen ratingfive this has gotta b the best game i ever played!i would recomend playing it!:d
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting.
lensix ratingfive great graphics, and exciting game play.
lenfive ratingfive it's a nice game
leneighteen ratingfive i didn't realize how much off an improvement it was till i played the first one again.
lentwenty ratingfive way better and the graphics are extremely better, and everything is smoother.they did a great job on this one.
lenfourteen ratingfive although the parts with the mine crate can be annoying and at time frustrating
leneight ratingfive fun, challenging and addictive, and graphics are superb!
lenten ratingfive haha luv this game and the graphics on my note 2.
lensix ratingfour i enjoy this game a lot.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfive my daughter 2y old like to play it, even she can play it well.but she really love it
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are amazing too.
lennineteen ratingfive this is the best game ever its better than the firt one amd better than the brave temple run
lensix ratingfour very fun, it tests your skills
lenthree ratingfour challenging and addicting
lentwentyeight ratingone i havnt got to play it , but it took an hour to download then when i tried to play it , it freezes up and won't let me .
lennine ratingone then it'll ex out of the while thing .
lensix ratingone i'd love to play it .
lennine ratingfive best game ever super fun like adicted to it
lensix ratingfive this game is amazing o.o
lenfour ratingfive it's super awesome
lenseven ratingfive it makes temple run look very boring.
lensixteen ratingfive this new version is so much more fun and has a lot more aspect to it.
lenfive ratingfive i honestly love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfour it was fun but it won't let me get the game started
lenthirtyone ratingfive it`s hard to think that temple run could make a game that could be as successful as their first temple run with all the running game that came afer it.
lensix ratingfive but they did with temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive congrats imangi.
leneight ratingone after the 1st time i couldnt open it agin
lenfive ratingfive the best android 4g game out.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive it is an awesome game! :) so addicting and it passes time in a fun way!
lenten ratingone i bought the highest person and it didn't unlock
lensix ratingtwo enjoy the original so much more.
lenfive ratingtwo too many upgrades too quickly.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lensix ratingfive waaay better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive more challenging too.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lentwelve ratingfive i love it can pick up better game everybody's should join
lenfour ratingthree this game is neat,
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingtwo it won't load!
lensixteen ratingfive it was very cool i liked it but i like the first temple run better :l
leneight ratingtwo game freezes to much and cant play it.
lentwo ratingtwo bad app
lennine ratingfive grrrreat gaming experience by the mind behind the game.
lensix ratingfour a good change and still fun
lenfour ratingfive great game, very addictive!
lenthirteen ratingthree a lots of time it doesn't exits and hangs on menu screen.
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive the new turn for turn graphics are captivating!
leneleven ratingfive cause it has better then 1st one there are also different characters
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneighteen ratingfive its cool wen u r bored u get entertain with this games .more coins and more fun.lol
lentwo ratingfive love love
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run!
lentwelve ratingfive its cool and fun i like it better than the first one
lentwentyfive ratingfive this is an awsome app i loved temple run and when i heard temple run 2 was out i had to get it great app thx
lenfive ratingfive the game just gets better.
lentwelve ratingthree coins keep resetting so i cant play and accumulate to buy upgrades.
lenfifteen ratingthree fun game, would be better than the first if it wasn't for that huge.
lenfive ratingfive addictive and the bestest game
lenfive ratingfive really a fun addicting game!
leneighteen ratingfive i was not a great fan of temple run 1 but this really offers you an awesome gaming fun.
lensix ratingfive excellent game .m addicted to it :-)
lenfour ratingfour nice and fun game:-)
lenfourteen ratingfive i liked the 1st one but this one is even better than the other one .
lentwentythree ratingfive nice game most people liked it i was so exited to check it out i amvstill exited hope there is a 3 good luck
lenfive ratingfive its awesome and time consuming
lenseven ratingfive i luv temple run 2 betta than the 1st !
lenten ratingfive nd the graphics r great*-* yah did a great job
lenthirteen ratingfour this is a really good and entertainment game i like it so far.
lensix ratingfour much harder than tr1 and great graphics.
lennine ratingfive the graphics are amazing and so is the game.
lenfive ratingthree yea its pre good yo
lenfour ratingfive amazing and fun game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive a little more difficult than temple run but still fun!
lensix ratingfour its good a little laggie tho
lenseventeen ratingfive cool game i'm glad its not the same thing over and over like the first one
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive a lot more fun than the original.
lenthirteen ratingfive they should add a race feature,  or some other form of online play.
leneleven ratingfive they should also add some new areas and more playable characters.
lenfour ratingfive still an awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingone i've played the game before on another phone and really liked it.
leneleven ratingone when i  installed it on my phone it doesn't work.
lentwelve ratingone i can only get the initial screen and then it shuts down.
lensix ratingthree this app only deserve three stars.
lenfourteen ratingthree if the bugs and crashing problems get fixed, i'll finally worth five stars.
lenfour ratingfour accelerometer sensity adjustment please
lenthirteen ratingtwo this game still doesn't work with my motorola triumph with virgin mobile
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingone game crash while loading hoping prompt action for me plzzzzzz.i m fan of this game
lennine ratingone please fix.so i'll rate a you a 5*
lenthree ratingfive needs montana smith.
lennine ratingfive cool just sometimes slacks and i can't play .
lenseven ratingtwo definitely is funner than the first version.
lensix ratingtwo but the coins are always resetting.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i am not going to spend all day to get 5000 coins just to unlock a female character
lenten ratingfive captalists pigs cant touch this , gud gueim thou, hueheueheueheueheueheeheheheheheueheueheueheueheueheueheueh brbrbrbr
lensixteen ratingthree the game is interesting, but the game resetted and i lost all the points and upgrades. :-)(
lenfour ratingfive super and nice graphic
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun and energetic.
lenseven ratingfive they should make a temple run three
lentwo ratingfive coooooool stuff.
lensix ratingfive so addicted i can't stop!
lenfourteen ratingthree i like the game but it glitches a lot, that needs to be fixed
lenfiftynine ratingone this is a great game if you play the free version but if you try 2 purchase any coins they will not deliver i have tried to contact them but they have not respond to my emails so now i'm going to have to contact google and my credit card company to tell them that they stole my money
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive enjoy temple run!
lennine ratingfive it's one of the fun games i love.
lenfour ratingfive i love being chase!
lensixteen ratingfour but should make rail part little easy me and my friends die at that part frequently.
lenfour ratingfive an amazing graphics great
lenthirteen ratingfive even though i have 500,000 coins, my gold miner objective is stuck at about 50%.
lenthree ratingfive rest is awesome!
lenthirteen ratingthree i download it on mii fone btt then it dont let mii playy.
lenfour ratingfive cool game, must have.
leneight ratingfive its more interesting to play plus better features
lenfive ratingone it won't even start.
lensixteen ratingone the game gets stuck at the imangi studios and takes me back to the home screen.
lenfourteen ratingone i want to play the game so bad but it won't let me.
lennine ratingfive i love this game it is so fun :d
lensix ratingthree sooo glitchy on gs3 lag is terrible
leneleven ratingfive great app ever have more obstacles and that's great :d
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthree ratingfive better than original
lenfive ratingfive this game is super awsome
lenfive ratingfive more exciting than the first.
lensixteen ratingfive game is very challenging as well as fun, so you keep coming back for more excitement
leneight ratingone volume is down, still hear menu button noises.
lenten ratingone i swipe right or left, it jumps into a tree.
lenseven ratingone i am obviously swiping left or right.
lensix ratingone these need to be fixed, bad.
lenfourteen ratingone also make it so if something pops up such as a low battery reminder.
lenfive ratingfive very smooth and extremely addictive.
lensix ratingfive should make more gems appear though
lenten ratingfour i cant advance because my coins disapear when i get 3000.
leneleven ratingfour i thought the upgrade would fix this but it happened again.
lentwenty ratingfive awsum game better graphic then tmpl 1.it become my favrate now.it run smooth on my canvas 2.1 should dwonload it.
lenseven ratingfour i gave it 4 stars cos in gameplay.
lenthirteen ratingfour it pauses itself(stop and then blackscreen) but it is hr/p game.
lenthirteen ratingfour i have 7m hs good to me and more power to the imangi studios
lensix ratingfive this is the perfect time killer.
lenfifteen ratingfive it doesn't require audio to play and it can be paused at any time.
leneleven ratingfive progression feels well paced, but i would like an end goal.
lenten ratingfive its a great game but it freezes my phone up
lensix ratingfive but this game is truly great.
lentwelve ratingfive it's waaaaaay more involved than the first and i love it.
lentwo ratingfive aswum game
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lentwentytwo ratingfour only reason i didn't give it 5 is because it does lag sometimes which causes me to die and is very irritating.
lenfour ratingfour game is so addicting!
lenseven ratingfour got my hubby hooked playing it too!
leneight ratingfour this is more fun than the previous version
lenfive ratingtwo duplicate objectives for 500000 lifetime coins.
lentwentyone ratingtwo though i completed the objective, it still shows incomplete and it is not giving me other objectives that i can complete.
lennine ratingtwo reducing my rating until the bug would get fixed.
lensix ratingfive great game really fun and addicting!
lentwo ratingfive definetly recommended!
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the temple run brave
lenfifteen ratingfive keep up the good work nothing is wrong with it is the best game ever!
lenten ratingfive it's wonderfuly kids is always asking to play it
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lentwo ratingfive expecting more.
lenfive ratingfive falta que mejoren el tilt.
lenfive ratingfive fun kills time between classes!
lentwelve ratingfive better than the first greeat graphics more obstacles and i love it  5stars
lenseven ratingfive perfect but 1 complaint that needs more characters
lenseven ratingfour an excellent follow up to the original
leneight ratingone when i tilt the screen he doesnt move.
lensixteen ratingone i cant get past this part cause i have to make him move and he wont.
lennine ratingone makes me mad cause i loved the first one.
lensix ratingfive omg i freaken lovee this gameee!
lenfortysix ratingfive (: best game ever madeee! you could not believe how much im addicted to it! thank youuu who ever envented this gamee! well peace people ps. love this game hehe sorry that i said it a bunch of times. xd i just reallu like this game heheeeee
lentwentyfive ratingfive temple run 2 is just fantastic and very entertaining - find it nice to relax with after a hard day in the sun on a tropical island.
lenseven ratingfive galaxy siii and galaxy note n 8000 user
lentwo ratingfive finnee.game
lentwelve ratingone i can't get it to load or open fix soon please
lennine ratingfive its slow on downloading, but other than that.5 stars!
lenfifteen ratingfive nice enjoyed a lot on my htc one v no struck in middle of game
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run!
lenfour ratingfive very addicting to play!
lenthirteen ratingone i have an andriod infuse and this game wont let me open it.
lensix ratingone please help me play this game.
lenfive ratingfive it is fun and challenging
leneight ratingfive this is the #1 app over facebook and twitter
lenfour ratingtwo game wont start now!
lennine ratingthree not that fun not that fun could be better
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun
leneight ratingfour wow i just can't put it down
lensix ratingfive love it love the frist one!
lenten ratingfive when temple run 1 was introduced that was the best game.
lenthirteen ratingfive and when temple run 2 came, its become the best game too on android!
lenfour ratingfive awsm game.love it.
lenfour ratingfive so addicted love it
lenfive ratingfive i like this more challenging
lenseven ratingfive i really love this app great job!
lenfortyeight ratingfive i think rhat this ia thw beast game on the market right now i just lovw playing this game  is the best game ever im sorry that im making u read all of this but i jusr want to tell u how i fell adout this game lol
lensix ratingone did not run on htc thunderbolt
lenten ratingfour this game is so much better than just temple ran
lenfour ratingfive great game no problems.
lenthree ratingfive grt grt grt
leneleven ratingfive i love it i think it is better than temple run 1!
lenfour ratingfive i like the ropes!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneleven ratingone i like the original temple run but this one is horrible!
lennine ratingthree the second duplicate objective still remain on my objective
lenfortynine ratingthree first this is a great game but i think there needs to b a sensitivity setting and also i keep loseing all my coins for some reason plz plz fix  cuz this game is already great  and if u can fix this bug i think it will b perfect :)
lentwo ratingfive wew funtastic
lenfive ratingfive awsome can't belive it :)
lensix ratingfive this game is cool i gezz
lensix ratingfive more entertaining then the first one
lenfour ratingone updated cannot play also
lensixteen ratingfour graphics are good, but may need too change scenery and add a boat, overall good job.
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't know why but i keep trying expecting a different result.
lenfive ratingfive far better than perivious app
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphics,quite addictive.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenseventeen ratingfive i don't normally play games but this is a nice fun game that makes you focus.
lenfourteen ratingfour wow, its much better than temple run, its a fun game  totally worth downloading
lensix ratingfour very interesting i love this game!
lenten ratingfive love the first one but this one is evan better.
lentwelve ratingfive the game is so good now i am waiting for temple run 3
lenten ratingfour thr nee graphics and trails make 2 a more rich enviroment
leneight ratingfive it is very much improved by previous one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfive now i can enjoy temple run by adjusting the graphics
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseventeen ratingfive i thought the first temple run wad the bomb, noooooo the temple run 2 is much, much better.
lenfour ratingfour great graphics.fun game!
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenfive ratingtwo just started going all screwey.
leneleven ratingtwo i wouldn't recommend it until they get the bugs fixed.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics and everythibg in the newer version is just fabulous.i am loving it :-)
lenfive ratingfive fun and challenging to play
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentynine ratingone i like it but it want let me download it and i have no apps it takes up to much room if u get it no room for u
lenfourteen ratingfive love the action little fast paced gotta learn to keep up keep you going
leneleven ratingfive i love the new obsticles and very great graphics and more!
lenseven ratingfive so cool i lov it so much
lenseven ratingfive awesome game best game ever good graphics
lenthree ratingfive jakayla davis wow
leneight ratingthree its kinda hard but i love d challenge
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is the most addictive game available on google playstore!
lentwenty ratingfive for a person who is not that interested in games, i haven't been able to stop playing this one.
lentwelve ratingfive it is a fantastic piece of achievement for one to pass time.
lenfive ratingfive way to go imangi studios! :)
lenten ratingfive i love the changes they made from the first game.
lenthree ratingfive hate those 1 stars
lenseventeen ratingfive with the game that lagg to much on my htc one x hope that you fix that.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour while this game is in everyway an improvment over the first, from the far superior asthetics of the game to the newly added gem system, it dosent offer a whole lot of new content.
lenten ratingfour but hell its a free phone app im not complaining
lentwelve ratingone i have a android and it would not let me download this. :(
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics!
leneight ratingfive this is very good application i loved it
lentwo ratingtwo imangi crap
lenten ratingfive this game is very addicting and very fun :) love it
lenfour ratingone never received a reply.
lenfour ratingfive thiz game iz fantastic
lenfive ratingfive works perfectly in galaxy note :-)
lennineteen ratingthree well it doesn't have lots of characters and it goes slow and when you tilt it freezes sometimes.
leneight ratingthree other than that it is an addicting game
lensix ratingfive the mine carts are really good
lentwentynine ratingfive the best.temple.run i have ever played the.rest of them lame who ever added the.gender selection thank u alot i am tired of been dat.man
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwenty ratingfour i absolutely love the new temple run, would have given it 5 stars, if it weren't for the few problems.
lentwentyone ratingfour i've had it glitch a few times such as turning a corner and ending up on a dead end road.
lenten ratingfour also i don't like how the zipline is backwards.
lentwentyone ratingfour if it were inverted it would make more sense because the tilt would be in the direction the body would be.
lenfourteen ratingfour also playing with one hand causes issues because of where the pause button it.
lensix ratingfour every time i jump it pauses.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game!
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading!
lentwentysix ratingfive wow i played temple run 1 it is good and now they bring us temple run 2 they just keeping it much better more power to the developers
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy the game
lenfiftythree ratingone t mobile sidekick droid the 1st temple run plays just fine but this one forces close on the imangi page i liked the 1st and realy want to play part 2 please fix i have reported it about a week ago and nothing has been done i know that you have to care about your fans
lenfour ratingfive game of the yearr
leneleven ratingfive this game is awesome and runs so smoothly on my nexus 7
lentwo ratingfive extremely addictive.
lenfive ratingfive best free game app ever!
lenseven ratingfour i have lags on me galaxy note 2
lentwentytwo ratingfour i find that when you're using an ability as well as a power up at once they will cancel eachother out.
lentwentynine ratingfour for example, when i collect enough coins to activate coin magnet, then i collect magnet while its in effect, both coin magnets will nullify once saved coin magnet goes.
lenfifteen ratingfour even if it goes away 2 seconds after i pick up a magnet, i lose both
leneighteen ratingfive love love love  take the fun of temple run 1 and multiply the fun by 500,000,000 i give it 50 stars
lenfive ratingfive good game make me satisfied
lensix ratingfive temple run2 is great app game ever!
lentwelve ratingfour really great game, though my only complaint is the revised achievement system.
lenthirteen ratingfour it really marginalizes those glorious awesome runs you get once every so often.
lentwelve ratingone i have done this for the 3rd time i dint like this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is fun
lenfifteen ratingtwo whenever i try to do anything the person either does nothing or does the opposite.
lenfifteen ratingtwo when i swipe up he turns to the left, when i swipe down he jumps.
lennine ratingfive this game is awesomee i got 7,2million on highscore.
lenfive ratingfive can't beat 10million objection yet.
lenthree ratingfive so hard xd
leneleven ratingone mine is zoomed in soooooo much i can barely see anything.
lenten ratingone i have uninstalled and reinstalled but it doesn't work.
lennine ratingfour better than the first and more challenging by far.
lenfour ratingfour needs more stuff though
lennineteen ratingfour everythings fun until your at 9.8 million and they put a jump only a n***** would make and u die.
lennine ratingfour and don't have enough gems to save yourself
lensix ratingfive too simple for its own health.
leneight ratingfive a prefect reflection of myself or would seem.
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive in this game the graphics are very good and i enjoy the game while playing
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive my son loved it.
lenfour ratingfive moee advanced than.1st one. .
lenfour ratingfive try this get better.
lentwelve ratingone everytime i would uninstall it, then reinstall, but it'd never work.
lennine ratingone if someone could help me, that'd be great!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingone i've played on my friends phones but the app won't even load on my huawei ascend
lenfive ratingfive best game ever.better graphics
leneight ratingfive very addictive gameplay that leaves you wanting more.
lenseven ratingfive it is much batter then tample run 1.
lentwentythree ratingfour temple run the the bomb diggity b4 subway surfers came out now that they have a temple run 2 i think that its pretty good.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting!
lenseven ratingfive have a hard time putting it down.
leneighteen ratingfive my daughter 2y old like to play it, even she can play it well.but she really love it
lenten ratingfive i love this soo much more than the first one!
leneight ratingfive one of the best game in my phone
lentwo ratingfive awake game
lennine ratingone wount open for my touch bullshit i tell u
lenthirty ratingfive its my fev game. . . .fantastic. . .bt my special power of coin magnet is nt unlocked whereas im at level 8. . . .plz fix it. . . .i love this game and looking for more !
lentwelve ratingfour i have 500k lifetime coins but the objective metre isn't updating proportionally.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game. ;)
lenfourteen ratingfive keep on mqking such nice and adventurious games and thanks you for temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfour nice control, good environment.
lentwentynine ratingfive greatly improved!graphics wise performance wise and gameplay wise.would be great if developers try to integrate interface for leaderboards!would increase the madness for playing this awesome game
lensix ratingtwo i mean the graphics are cool.
lentwelve ratingtwo scenery is cool.but it doesn't accumulate coins the way v1 does.
lentwentyone ratingtwo one minute ill have 3000coins, the next run i end up getting whatever amt of coins i got on that particular run.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i shud have over 10000 coins by now but this glitch messin me up.
lenseven ratingtwo i have an htc evo design btw
lensix ratingfour it's an high scoring game.
lenfour ratingfour gud work on graphics.
lentwentyone ratingthree i wouldn't say its better than temple run but this is a different experience and quite easier than temple run.
lenfour ratingthree i like the gems
lenfour ratingfive refreshing, love it already!
lennineteen ratingfive time to delete the original temple run to make room for temple 2, the 3d effects makes the game more exciting.
leneleven ratingfive i love the game it was better then,the first one  :-)
lenten ratingfive i'ts a good game but.it dowload do slow
lensix ratingfive great game very easy and enjoyable!
lensix ratingfive great game, better than part one.
lentwentyone ratingfive guess my phone is so ratchet it won't download, but from watching my friend play ill still give it *****. -sensation
lenthirty ratingtwo new update made a huge difference but im still getting my cell frozen or restarted, but not as much as before please be another update to fix that issue please
leneleven ratingone i installed it twice but gets stuck on tje loading page
lenfour ratingfive nice game nice graphics
lenfour ratingfive its a fun game
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics, i love it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lensix ratingfive smooth and no lag :)))) thanks google
lennine ratingthree interface feels a bit bulky than the temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive very difficult game but nic
leneight ratingone it wont load on my sidekick 4g plz fix
lennine ratingthree not a bad game, fun, the graphics are good.
lenseventeen ratingthree but sometimes the person doesn't jump or slide when i do it, even more than once.
lentwo ratingfive super game!
lentwo ratingone force closes.
lenthree ratingone waste of time
lensix ratingfive cool to play but no ends
leneighteen ratingone i've tried installing this application 3 times and each time after download it wouldn't open for me
leneighteen ratingtwo i bought karma lee and even aftr i used the star upgrader i do not get instant 500 bonus
lenfive ratingfive its good game by imagni.
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game downloads fast on my devise and  i think everyone should download it
lentwelve ratingfive this game is awesome and is even better than the first game.
lenthirtynine ratingfive only thing i miss from the first is that when you upgrade your magnet all the way you tripled the coins while using it, but they don't do it in this one and that was my favorite power.
leneight ratingfive but it's still awesome none the less!
lenfour ratingfive so, great game overall.
lenfour ratingfive just completed level 9 #tweaked.
lensix ratingfive i like the gem currency system.
lenthirteen ratingfive could use some more interesting things, maybe 2nd tier upgrades to the power ups?
leneleven ratingfive or umm, once in a while, one use double coin tokens?
lentwo ratingfive more characters?
lentwentyone ratingfive you guys deserve my 5 stars, i wish i could give you 500 :d hate the rip-offs of the game though xd
lenthirteen ratingone i cant play it just force closes whenever i open it.   -lg optimus 3d
lentwelve ratingfive awsmeee game yaar  itne stars milenge ki kam pad jayenge   thanx imangi
lentwo ratingfour nice, awesome
lentwelve ratingthree good improvements but still repetitive with no real goal to get to
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenfive ratingfive fun to compete with friends :)
leneight ratingfour love this game so much^^ add me line riney112
lentwelve ratingfour i had trouble swiping and tilting, it was too low for both
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is amazingly awesome!
lenfive ratingfive i love the new look!
leneleven ratingtwo it completely frize in me but besides that it was fun
lenthree ratingfive yaa this amazed
leneleven ratingfive i play at least 30 games a day :-) seriously addictive stuff, this! :-)
lensix ratingfour amusing way to pass some time.
lennineteen ratingfour enjoy it a lot but sometimes the gap between tree and hill was too close that impossible to resisted
lensixteen ratingfive advise you not to download it because you will lose your job, friends, family, dog, cat.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfour ratingfive its really nice game.
lenthree ratingfive im luving it.
lenfive ratingthree the game is pretty fun.
lenseventeen ratingthree i have the graphics all the way down and i still get screwed over because of lag.
leneight ratingthree there is also a lack of sensitivity adjustment.
leneight ratingthree the addition of a constant power is nice.
lenfourteen ratingthree all in all, if the performance was better, a better rating would be given.
leneight ratingone can't even open the game after update.
lensix ratingfive this game exceeds all my expectations.
lensix ratingfive i can spend days playing it.
lenfour ratingfive in a single word.
lennine ratingfive its a great graphics game, much better from previous.
lenfive ratingfive nice game, i like it
lenfourteen ratingthree i didn't like how there were so many hills it just annoyed me
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwelve ratingone what the freakin freak is wrong whith temple run and temple run 2?!?!
leneleven ratingone i am tired of my stats being deleted for no reason!
lenfifteen ratingone it happend back in the first temple run and now it happens in temple run 2!
leneleven ratingone maybe the people in imangi studio program this things to happen.
lenfourteen ratingone it is a great game but this things makes me want to stop playing.
lennine ratingfive this is amaging game, having more adventure and fun.
leneight ratingtwo the graphics induce a headache after some time.
lensix ratingfive thanks for the improvements, great game.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this is way better than a first one its addicting fun and may very well be one of the best apps on the market but it does lag but veryyyy little
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lenfour ratingtwo it stucks in sii
lenseven ratingfour wish i was better at it lol.
lentwo ratingfive sweet game!
lennine ratingfive just wish there were different levels with different scenery.
lenfive ratingfive still all around great fun
lenfour ratingtwo game is too choppy.
lenfour ratingtwo die constantly from lag.
lenthree ratingtwo needs major optimization.
lenfour ratingfour this is simply wow!.
leneight ratingfour please why can't i be saved twice.
leneight ratingfive the graphic, new levels, new ideas, new location.
lensix ratingfive five stars for the production team.
lenfour ratingfive make more good games~
lennine ratingone will download to my phone but will not open.
lenthirteen ratingone have uninstalled it several times and re downloaded but still won't open
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneighteen ratingthree i'm not sure if something is wrong with my phone or not, but tr2 won't open up.
lenten ratingthree the loading screen shows up, but then it closes up.
lenseven ratingthree please help, i really love temple run!
leneleven ratingfive great game it's so much better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingtwo great game but lags to much to really enjoy playing
leneighteen ratingfive i have 9999999999 coins and 99999999999 gems,well this game deserves a 5 star rating.the last objectives are same almost.
lenfour ratingfive need some new adventures,
lentwo ratingfive great games
lenthirteen ratingfive this game i'd definitely bout  dat life it's too live ayee
lenseven ratingone so wth is considered an 'older device'?
lenseven ratingone samsung infuse is not that old ffs!
lenseventeen ratingone can't rate the game right now but the developer gets a big fat zero from me.
lenseven ratingfive very fun and easy holds my attention
lenfour ratingfive its awesome.really gr8 graphics.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingfour i loved temple run one and like this one too.
lensixteen ratingfour one big problem with this one though is that tilting the phone is a big issue.
lenseventeen ratingfour too much tilt is required which makes it difficult to play especially for the larger samsung phones
lenthree ratingfive omg luv it
lenten ratingtwo constant lag, missed swipe input, random pausing and black screens.
lenthree ratingtwo original had "quirks"
lenseventeen ratingtwo but this sequel is unplayable on sony xperia arc. great game but the major bugs ruin it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is addictive.
lenseven ratingfour i wish there were a sensitivity setting.
lentwentythree ratingfour more times than not, the game doesn't register that i've told it to jump or turn, so i end up dieing.
lenseventeen ratingfour maybe it's my phone, but it'd be nice if i could crank up the sensitivity.
leneight ratingfive my friends and i really enjoy this game?
lensix ratingfive thank you for this awesome game.
lensix ratingfive make me waste more time. :d
lenthree ratingfive awesome.loving it:-)
lenfive ratingfive will try it rite now.
lenthree ratingfour great game tho
lenthirtyeight ratingfour if i get to distance i think 950 there's a end.i can't go ferther.if that's supposed to be in the game remove it.plz fix this my go to game on the asus nexus 7 .
lenthree ratingfive prt 1ws also nice !
lenfour ratingfive nice game veronica gera
leneight ratingfive this game is far bettar than temple run 1
lenseventeen ratingfour it's gets insanely hard after level 7my challenges went from 1,000,000 points to 5,000,000 that's a big jump!
lenseven ratingfour and find five crystals in one level?
lensix ratingfour i can't influence the crystals!
lenseven ratingfour the last one is collect 100,000 lifetime coins.
lensix ratingfive new characters, ability to save yourself.
lenfour ratingfive better graphics, zip wires.
lenfive ratingfive what more could you need.
lentwentythree ratingfour the game running very nicely but when i pause in the middle, the graphics getting messed up and is showing objects randomly arranged.
leneight ratingfive kinda lags here and there but overall good.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lentwelve ratingthree coins keep resetting so i cant play and accumulate to buy upgrades.
lensixteen ratingthree fun game, would be better than the first if it wasn't for that huge problem.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingtwo but takes for ever to load yooo!
lenfive ratingfive very nice.must play game
leneight ratingfour it's awesome & just scores 500 k and more.
lenseven ratingfour i love it better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lensix ratingfive love the new scenery.great game!
lenseven ratingthree still we cant adjust senstivity of characters.
lenthirteen ratingthree coins animation after new update is boring,  it shud be fast as before.
leneight ratingthree try to fix and get wat u deserve
lenten ratingfive t2 is realy great many new upgrade n graphics is osome
leneighteen ratingfour graphics can be improved but the game has improved alot n they made it a very good play
lentwentythree ratingthree i like it, but with the new scenery everything kinda blends in and its hard to see what's in front of you
lenfive ratingone the app wont even open.
lenten ratingone i've redownloaded it and restarted my phone, yet nothing.
lensix ratingone cant load game on my phone.
lensix ratingone it installs but will not run.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lensix ratingfive compared to temple run 1 its super
lensix ratingone i completed objective of 500, 000 lifetime coins.
lentwelve ratingone but still shows as pending with the progress bar stuck at around 80%.
lenseven ratingfive will not let me play keeps closing.
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingfive it has got bigger & better, more challenging than original temple run.
lentwenty ratingfour when i collect a power up when i using another same power up, why doesn't it expand the time?
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is now so much stuffed that i am afraid of loosing its originality.
lenfive ratingfive playing it is very entertaining!
lennineteen ratingfive i really like this game and i think that it's graphics are much better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive it's a superb game!
lentwo ratingfive great spo.
lensix ratingfive must play it, graphics are awesome.
leneight ratingfive it's perfect game.i like very much.
leneight ratingfive they do alot of improvements on trample run 2
lennineteen ratingthree game too gud but not as much as sensitive tempal rum 1 even after setting.need to fix above bug.
lenfortyeight ratingone everytime i click on the game it crashes please fix!hurry up and fix the problem geez you guys are not helpful grr after update still force closing really unhapping hurry up and fix it i really wany to play the game im very annoyed with you guys!
lennine ratingfive it is da finest game i hav evr played.
leneight ratingfour would like sensitivity setting like in temple run 1
lennineteen ratingfour i got 25 million as a score so far but the river and the spiked wheel combination is not fair.
lentwentyfive ratingfour if the wheel comes first than it is okay to jump both but if the river comes first it is impossible because the wheel height.
leneight ratingfive most definitely a worthy successor to the original.
lennineteen ratingfive many will prefer the simplicity of the original but those looking for updated graphics, etc. should check this out.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend!
lenfive ratingfive jz two words-great game
lenthree ratingfive has more fun
lenten ratingfive make this game compatible to sony xperia neo l plsss
leneleven ratingfour update fixed almost all the glitches or bugs in the game.
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.!
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is so much bettee than the first better graphics better everything love it
lentwo ratingfive verry naice
lentwo ratingfive freaking awesome!
lensix ratingfive thanks this ones even more addicting!
lenten ratingfive that's what i wanted something crazy, adventurous and classy
lenthree ratingfive pretty awesome game.
lenten ratingfive the graphics are better and more fun to play to.
lenfourteen ratingfive there are more goals to get, additional power ups and new items to collect.
lenfive ratingfive i play it a ton!
lenthirtytwo ratingone why when i download the app it stays on the imangi picture then goes back to my home screen #fix this please, i'll give it a better rate and share it
lenseven ratingone what the hell.the game hangs on.?
leneight ratingone plz tell me.i really want this game.
lentwo ratingfive exactly woooooo
lentwo ratingfive awesum game !
leneight ratingfive awsome with excellant usage of all smartphpne sensor.
leneighteen ratingfive never think that temple run 2 could look this amazing, and still have the same concept that i love.
lentwo ratingfive great improvement.
lentwenty ratingfour my only problem is when it's loading and says imangi studios that screen is smaller than my phones screen
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive wow its grt
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive a supercool game with new features!
lenfourteen ratingfive the new game design allows you to run much more, and less impossible jumps
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are way better.
leneight ratingfive btw follow me on ig: dj_slim_spinz
lenthree ratingfive great free game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphic!
lenfourteen ratingfive very good game , better than temple run 1 .graphics are too good and more interesting .
lenten ratingfive mere phone me to ee download hi na hai ro
lenthree ratingfour simple and effective.
lenthirteen ratingfour just would like a little tightening up on the edges of the obstacles.
lenseven ratingfive great great graphics and d new powerups.
leneight ratingfive 1oo% better than the first one.please install it.
lenthree ratingfive its cool xd
lennineteen ratingone doesn't work for my phone. :/   i was looking forward to playing it on my phone and i cant .  :(
lenfive ratingfive very important games useful it
lentwenty ratingthree dear devs, i've uninstalled and installed this game 3 times following your updates, but it still blinks and pauses alots.
lenfive ratingthree i'm using xperia pro.
lenseven ratingthree please help, i really love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive super fun and addicting but way different from the original temple run.
lenfour ratingfive i wouldnt change anything!
lenfour ratingfive i liek runming fats!
leneleven ratingfour temple run 2 is awesome, the scenery, the gameplay everything is great.
lenthirtysix ratingfour i even managed to get 16 million before the recent update but since the update the game has been lagging on my live with walkman and i cant even manage to get 1 million due to the lags.
lensix ratingfour hope this wil be fixed soon. :)
lenthirtysix ratingfour whenever i upgrade a powerup it takes up my two gems instead of one also when m using a magnet n if i collect another magnet it doesnt extend d magnet powrup duration plz fix it
lentwo ratingthree gooooood game.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive good, fun game
lenseven ratingfour great game, good graphics, enhanced game play.
leneleven ratingfour in my experience, there's this problem with the power ups.
lentwentysix ratingfour for instance if i have the magnet on and towards the end of the magnet i collect another magnet powerup it doesn't extend the magnet.
lentwelve ratingfour the magnet still dies after the time span of the first magnet.
leneight ratingfour so its like the second magnet is worthless.
leneighteen ratingfour if you guys could fix this bug, it would be a great fix to this already awesome game.
leneight ratingfour but there are some bugs in the game.
lennineteen ratingfour if you pick up magnet when you are using one, the time of the magnet doesn't get extended.
leneleven ratingfour skips and freezes a lot but other than that love it!
lenthree ratingfour phone : kyocera hydro
lenten ratingfive i am chuck norris and i approve of this app
lensix ratingfive keeps me and the kids entertained :-)
lentwentythree ratingfour this is way better than the first but id like to know why i never got the coins i bought for the game :/
lentwo ratingfive worth playing.
lenseven ratingfive it keeps on foreclosing when its loading.
lenthree ratingfive cant play badly.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour when you see the power ahead you get close enough to jump the stupid monster jumps out and them you can't jump up to gain the power wtf then you die
lenfive ratingfive good game keeps me busy
lentwo ratingfive games suck
lentwentynine ratingone i have completely filled the meter with gems.and the power up option that engages boosts immediately.it requires that we use gems everyday tp keep that option full
lenfiftyfive ratingthree better than one but boost has become almost useless only going 500m at max level, if you pick up the same powerup while using it the time does not extend, game does not pause if you exit in the middle it instead restarts the whole app, after these problems are fixed it will be much better.
lensix ratingone won't work on droid incredible
lennine ratingfive i love it fabulous game love the mine carts!
lenten ratingfive nice app great feature than first one.i like it
leneleven ratingfive it was so amazing because it's graphic was very nice.
lenfive ratingfive i enjoyed to play it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfour its more adventures than part 1.
lenseven ratingtwo you had a perfect game "temple run 1"
lenten ratingtwo all you need to do is add some nice features.
lennine ratingtwo and you did but with a lot of bugs.
lentwentythree ratingtwo like if i have the magnet ability and seconds before it finishes i picked up a magnet power up it won't work!
leneight ratingtwo also the faster ability meter doesn't work.
lenfourteen ratingtwo sometimes i need 160 coins yellow coins to get the ability and sometimes i need 130.
lensixteen ratingtwo also i can see it at the beginning of the game filled up different than others.
lenfourteen ratingtwo also the gem adding to the 50 coin ability doesn't do anything after the
lenfour ratingfour need to improve performance
lensixteen ratingone i have galaxy s3 and the coins keep reseting after every game or 2, fix this bug please!
lenfive ratingtwo i just downloaded this app.
lenfive ratingtwo & it won't even start.
lensix ratingfive awesome game better than first one
lenseven ratingfive i love temple run 2 it's awesome!
lenseven ratingfive hope to see a 3 come out soon
lenseven ratingone the game doesnt load.i cant play :(
lenthree ratingfive fun to play.
lenthree ratingfive cant fault it.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfour ratingfive frustrating & exciting as always
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive omg this game is epic 5 stars all the way.
lenfour ratingone falling through the floor?
lennineteen ratingthree graphics and gameplay is great, wont let me disable tutorial because the back button doesnt work, if fixed 5 stars
leneighteen ratingthree this game is nice, but there needs to be an update done asap there is too many glitches!
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfour ratingfive i loooovvveeeee this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive excellent game.great time killerr.
leneight ratingfive it's so cool how it almost looks 3d.
lenthirteen ratingfive the twists and turns are fun but i cant get past the cart!
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive.
lenseven ratingfour gets a little redundant after a while.
lenfourteen ratingfour the objectives should be more feasible to encourage the player to keep coming back.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour a fluid game.
lensix ratingfour the tilt rigidity is very annoying.
lenfourteen ratingfour a button should be introduced to set it according to one's comfortability level.
lentwentythree ratingone i have a samsung infuse, and every time that i try to open the application, it crashes after about 30 seconds of the "imangi"
lenfour ratingone only loads "imangi studios"
lenthree ratingone (using motorola triumph)
lensix ratingfive super performance, super game, super overall
leneleven ratingfive m loving dis game.highest score yet is more then 10 million.
leneight ratingfive this game is really very very very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game, now i can't do anything on my phone apart from playing this game
lenfour ratingfive seriously loads of fun!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneight ratingfive fun and more fun by abbie not lauren
lennineteen ratingfour great awsome gorgeouse very good game love to play if everyone download this it would be super duper cool
lenfive ratingfive it was hanging some times
leneight ratingfive it's wayyyy betta then the first one!
lenseven ratingfive love it; better than the first one :)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game. .
lensix ratingfive lack of sleep becuz of this.
lenfourteen ratingfive it works absolutely fine on my sony xperia u. smooth graphics & equally good view.
lenfifteen ratingfive what i liked the most in it was the rope down slider & rail rush part.
lennine ratingfive good work team imangi.keep up your good work.
lennine ratingfive i love,this app it crazy wild and fresh
lentwo ratingfive owsm game
lentwo ratingfive nice game ;)
lentwentysix ratingone my mobile is htc explorer, it shows in the site that it is compatible with htc explorer, but while installing it showing as invalid package file.
lensix ratingfive awesome game i. have  ever seen
lenseven ratingone the new update didnt fix any problems.
leneight ratingone still same force close at the very beginning!
lentwentyseven ratingone im waiting for one more update and lets hope they get a clue and fix it for all of us so we wont get a force close!
lenfifteen ratingone hope the new update will fix all this and i hope it will be soon.
lenten ratingfour very good, bit hard to see the power up sometimes!
lenfive ratingfive nice game as i expected.
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is a completely better game than temple run original as you have better controls and more obsticals, thank you temple run 2 :)
lenthirteen ratingfive enjoying playing this game, lot of new things to explore and improved graphics
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseven ratingthree cant unlock the lvl 5 magnet powerup meter.
lentwelve ratingthree i'm on level 7 but my magnet powerup is still not unlocked.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i absolutely love the game, however, i am trying to complete the objective, the spartan which requires me to get 1million points without any power ups.
leneighteen ratingfive i have gotten to 1 million without powerups like 4 times and it still doesnt work :( please fix? thank you
lenfourteen ratingone it was fun at first but it lags, freezes, and crashes after the update.
lentwentyseven ratingone and i saved up coins to buy a new character and when i was swiping to the right to the character i wanted, it bought scarlett fox.
leneight ratingone there should be a confirm button for purchases!
lenfive ratingfive it is a amazing game.
lenten ratingfive i got a higher distance than in temple run one.
lenten ratingfive after some time all the upgrades and highscores were deleted.
lenfive ratingfour were nice and good game
lennine ratingfive kinda hard than temple run 1 bt so much cool.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lensix ratingfive much better graphics and more challenging!
lentwo ratingfive awsome game!
lentwo ratingfive ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?app store  ? ? ? ?
lennine ratingfive i love the challenge that comes with temple run 2.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it not so simple as the 1st one, it keeps me busy and entertainment when other aspects of life have nothing to offer.
lensix ratingfive having a great fun with it.
leneight ratingfour i love it so much better than first.
lenfourteen ratingfour couple of thing's the zombie gorrilla blocks view sometimes he is to big.
lentwentythree ratingfour the save myself won't allow me to save if only one left a popup comes on asking me to buy more diamonds.
leneight ratingfour other than that i love this newer version.
leneleven ratingfour fix those two things and yoiu got a five star game.
lensix ratingfive very good.nd better than earlier.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenfive ratingfive time consuming fun when bored.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lennine ratingfive my 6 year old and i play all the time.
lenseven ratingfive in older android phones also performing good
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneighteen ratingfour with great difficulty and time i completed 500, 000 life time coins but the objective still is not getting completed.
lentwentyseven ratingthree the swaying screen looks cool, but in reality it just makes obstacles more difficult to see, esp ones that pop up quick, that wouldve been seen otherwise.
leneight ratingthree also, the accelerometer and swipe controls feel off.
leneight ratingfour its good but nothing can match temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive it is nice but i am not getting temple run brave free.
leneight ratingfive more beautiful, crazier, better than the first one!
lenfour ratingfour nic game so cool
lenfour ratingfive after update its awesome.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive vry nic gme
lenfive ratingfive awesome game totally will recommend
lenfour ratingfive better than the 1st edition.
lenten ratingfive better than temple run (1) nice graphics and and no crashes.!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i ever played.
lensixteen ratingone i have to give one coz the game is not work on my galaxy s nothing.
lensix ratingone i was so so sooo disapionted!
lenten ratingthree it can glitch at times and be a bit unresponsive
lensix ratingfive kya baat kya baat kya baat
lensix ratingfive sooo much better that temple run 1 !
lenfour ratingfive love playing it now
lenfive ratingfive nice game for all ages
leneight ratingthree game started lagging after 7 or 8 days of playing
lenfive ratingfive better than the first game.
lenseven ratingfour game looks much sleeker than its predecessor.
leneight ratingfour i do miss some of the extended characters.
lennine ratingfour also miss the 2x coin multiplier for the coin magnet.
leneighteen ratingfour was a fun mechanic, one that you have to pay for now if you want to have it.
lentwentyseven ratingfour as the title says,could have been better.really wish it didnt turn around on its own the way it does.but all in all,nice work!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive all r waste in front of dis.
leneighteen ratingfive its a brilliant game no other game is bettr than this please make more parts of temple run
leneighteen ratingfive this is what i wanted cool graphics, adventure, raily and the zipline and its awesome, i love it.
lensix ratingfive it's fun, i like it. .
lenten ratingfour camera angles,  mine cart, gems and still 95% the same setting.
lenfour ratingfour you could've better
lentwentysix ratingfour same game nothing new, still challenging, kinda sucks you can only get 1 achievement at a time, hit 1m with 5000+ coins, and only got the 300 coin achievement, lame.
lentwelve ratingone i absolutely love temple run, but this one keeps crashing my phone.
lentwentytwo ratingone i would be able to play it maybe once before it does it, sometimes, it didn't even allow me to play.
lenfive ratingfive it is cool and free
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingfive ossm guyzz u rocked it.! ;-)
lentwo ratingfive nyc game.!
lenfour ratingfive a new destination yess
lentwentyfour ratingone when swiping to jump over a hole in the ground my character flies of the screen what's up with that needs fix now !
lenthree ratingfour worth a download.
lenfour ratingfour it makes u addicted.
lennine ratingfour good,  but should improve performance for low end devices.
lenfifteen ratingfour can't stop playing this game trying to get further and further away great game
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i have.got this.game on.my ipod touch and i love it but i cant get it on my samsung galaxy ace. :( can u pleaaase make it.compatible for my galaxy ace pretty please
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great stuff.
lennine ratingone be warned in app purchases not delivered as promised.
lenthirty ratingone purchased through app and not delivered left out of pocket with no items and no contact back from support / devs very disappointed and no way of getting refund or item.
lentwo ratingfive pefect game
lensix ratingfive fun game in a rainy day
lenfive ratingfive awesome takes away ma bordness.!
lenten ratingfour awesome game but there are some bugs with the game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive nice eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
lennine ratingfive i just like the new different effects in it
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive @awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseventeen ratingfive just wish the power ups were a bit easier to get.but overall a really good game
lenfour ratingone i cant download it :((
lentwelve ratingone it doesnt load on my ideos x5, the other temple run plays perfectly
lennine ratingfive this is the most adventurous game in the world
lenthree ratingfive fantastic game.:-d
leneight ratingone error message appearing stating that invalid package data.
lentwelve ratingone i want to play this.please give me a solution imangi.please
leneight ratingfive it has great graphics and is very addictive!
lenfourteen ratingfive the previous version began to get purely competitive with unimaginative environment and linear elements.
lennine ratingfive enjoying temple run started to become like crunching numbers.
lennine ratingfive this version is a refreshing change from that approach.
lensix ratingfive the environment feels fresh and lively.
lennineteen ratingfive sometimes it's hard to concentrate on the path ahead for one tends to miss the colorful detail around.
lentwentythree ratingfive though the great concept behind these games will always hold the competitive element along, temple run 2 is all that, and some welcoming more.
lenthirteen ratingone this game is not running in my mobile, yet it has been installed.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingtwo the game lags a lot on my htc sensation xl please fix the bugs and ill give 4 stars
lenseven ratingfive this is the best mobile game ever.
lenfour ratingfive kudos to the developers!
lenfourteen ratingfive this is my favourite game.da most addictive game on earth including temple run 1. :)
leneleven ratingfour when i complete the objectives set, it refuses to acknowledge this.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i most recently completed the 500,000 lifetime coins objective and it remains incomplete, even though on the stats it tells me i have 511,052.
lenten ratingfour please fix as it's spoiling the fun for me
lenfive ratingfour i love the new graphics.
lentwenty ratingfour if you could give us control sensitivity setting, and fix the death causing lag, this game would b 5 out of 5.
lensix ratingfive it's an addictive fun game
lensix ratingone cant download to my galay tab p1000 :(
lenfour ratingfour it's temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfour instead of gems, lifes could be made available from store using coins, i feel.
lenfive ratingfive love this & addicted to it
lenthree ratingfive excellent.great game
lenfive ratingfive this game is really amazing!
lensix ratingfive since the update, it became enjoyabale.
lenthirteen ratingfive the issue about the 2nd resurrection was fixed, it deserves a 5-star rating now. ;)
lenfive ratingfour works pretty well, slight lag
lenfourteen ratingone even though i set the sound all the way down, there is still sound.
lennine ratingone make a mute, and i'll change my rating.
lensix ratingfive very good with loads of fun!
lenthree ratingfour fun and exciting!
lenten ratingfour wish u could battle scores with your friends on facebook.
lenfifteen ratingfour it is a better version than temple run1 but not as smooth as the previous one.
leneight ratingfive sometimes it lags but overall a great experience.
lenfour ratingfive main sampai lewat malam
lennineteen ratingfive much better than number 1, more changes in scenary and better graphics a must have for 5 minutes on your own!
lenten ratingfive this is the best game ever i play 40min a day
lenfour ratingfive super fun and addicting
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played
leneight ratingfour good new cherater  zip roop  and much more
lennine ratingfive it is little difficult than temple run 1 but exellent
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is addicting its better than templerun 1 it got great quality and new exploring in the game and a better theme.
lensixteen ratingfive its is good game its graphic better from first one nd they have new goof character
lensixteen ratingfive not only are the graphics perfect now, the overall game play is a whole lot better.
lensix ratingfive be prepared for some massive addiction.
lenfifteen ratingthree its fine but not up to the point that i could recommend it to others.
lenseven ratingthree its not that responsive in my phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive to get better gameplay and graphics from the same hardware is a remarkable achievement!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfive better than the first and even better than brave
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooo much!
lenfour ratingfive i deffinatly recomend it!
leneighteen ratingfive having problem on my s2 lags on the game pls fix this problem after the  next update thank you
lenfive ratingfive its a brilliant game lovely .!
lentwentynine ratingfour d graphics r gr8 awesome back drop too.overall gr8 game jus lik d previous version.bt no option to tweak d sensitivity.update on d sensitivity d only editing needed.
lentwo ratingfour great job!
lenfive ratingfive this game is woderfull than 1
lenfour ratingfive more adventures , better graphic.
lensix ratingfive what the hell you guys want ?! ;-)
leneighteen ratingfive way better than the first one but idk y it came out so much later for google phones
lensix ratingfive excellent,i want to say excellentttttt.
leneight ratingthree good thng bt lags even on tab 2 samsung
lensix ratingone does not works on dell streak 5
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1
lenfifteen ratingfive so much 4 those device running slow,this game was perfect on devices running 1ghz,why complain?
lensixteen ratingfive 4 me its way cooler than temple run 1.way 2 go imangi,looking 4 a better update.tnx guys
lenseven ratingfour been playing non stop for weeks now.
lenfive ratingfour addictive and time kill game.
leneight ratingfour even better when played with friends taking rounds.
lenseven ratingfour but i have noticed couple of bugs.
leneleven ratingfour when we gave save option and click back, the game hangs.
lenten ratingfour when we press up with a slight side ways slide.
lenfive ratingfour he jumps out of screen.
leneleven ratingfour when we pause and resume, jack is unresponsive for few secs.
leneleven ratingfour making it difficult for me to resume game from tight spots.
lenten ratingfour will give 5 stars if these kind of bugs are fixed.
lennine ratingfive much of the same but with more to offer.
lenfour ratingfive crisper graphics more upgrades.
lenseven ratingone it wont let me download this game
lennine ratingfive excellent addictive game ,i play it all the time.
lenfive ratingfive this game is crazy cool.
leneighteen ratingfive i am hooked on playing tr2 because you just don't know what's coming next and its interesting.
lennine ratingfour at first but while playing a little bit drowsy.
lentwentyfive ratingfive hey i love temple run,im the biggest fan.i would just like to say it doesnt turn as easily as the original temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive this was the game i was searching for,with good graphics.and improved consistency.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive love it,its fast fun and addictive
lenten ratingfour would have given 5 star, but the controls are too confusing.
lenseven ratingfour even the power ups were better in version1.
lensix ratingfive just luv the gameplay on my s2.<3
leneleven ratingfive this is best game i have ever played.keep it up
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour just need more new environment and it will be perfect.
lenthirtyone ratingfive subway surfers replaced temple run n nw temple run 2 is consuming all d time.best game on my handset so far.bt 4 charactrs r less.atleast 8 shud b thre.thanx developers
lenseven ratingfive more advanturous n improoved tr2.just loving it
leneight ratingfive awesime game.i ever playd on android phones.
lenthirteen ratingfour its an excellent game.but i think all the gamers were expecting more.
lenforty ratingfour may be you could add a river and riding the boat through obstacles,some hot balloon or some glider and stuff:o   trust me it would be the best game on android and iphone.pleazz add on these features o:-)
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome graphics,,,, nice improvements,, the 1st version was very good and this one undoubtedly stands better and exciting.!
lenfour ratingfive more fun than before!
lenfifty ratingfour this is an excellent sequel,great graphics and same fast paced gameplay but it needs some fine-tuning.more responsive controls especially tilt function,a senstivity option,make the monkey less obstructive,remove the railcart section as it is unoriginal (rail rush) and not very fun since tilt isnt fast.
lentwelve ratingfour fix these issues and its a perfect sequel.i'll 5 star then.
lentwentytwo ratingfour update: some bugs also need to be fixed like running at boost speeds after it has finished,impossible obstacles,same objectives appearing.
lennineteen ratingthree a performance update should be nice and the shadows are funny cause they turn with the running character :d
lensix ratingfive having a great fun with it.
lenthree ratingfive amzingly nyc .,,,,,,,, awesome
lenseventeen ratingfive mind-blowing is short of how i feel about this game ergo the title says it all.
lenthree ratingfive fantastic job guys!
lenfourteen ratingfour whenever my points reached at 2600 coins it bocemes 0 .so i can't upgrade anything.
lenseven ratingfour otherwise i would've rate it 5 stars
lensixteen ratingone this awesome game is not downloading on my samsung galaxy tab it keeps displaying the error 498.
lensix ratingtwo lags everytime i finish the game !
lenfive ratingfive awesome game keep it up
lentwenty ratingone to day i was playing it when is said i was on level 1 and i was on level 6 bad game .
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are so much better than the first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive definitely 5 stars.
lenfour ratingtwo game glitches really bad.
lensix ratingtwo horrible quality even with highest setting.
lenfour ratingtwo game is not enjoyable
leneight ratingfive very cool, i want to rate it 5 star.
lenten ratingfive they made a lot of great improvements to this sequel.
lensix ratingfive better than first.ready for temple run3
leneight ratingthree collected 5 lacs coins but objective not getting removed.
lenthree ratingfive gr8 game lovin it
leneighteen ratingtwo ive recently purchased coins 5-10 minutes ago, received an email with the receipt and still hasnt received my coins?
lenthree ratingfive loved the graphics
lenfourteen ratingthree everytime i try to play the game it shuts down and wont even start
lensixteen ratingthree its fun but for some reason isnt saving my progress so all coins won are lost :(
lentwo ratingthree nice game.
lenseven ratingthree am i a thief in this game?
lenfour ratingfour sometimes crash on note 2
lentwentyfive ratingfive part one got boring after a while but when yall go from part one to somethin this descent so fast it catches me by surprise.
lennine ratingfive keep up the good work engineers of the game
lenthree ratingone cant play it
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfour wicked game very addictive
lenthirtynine ratingthree whatever.i installed it and play it of course.after that,i close it for 7 hours cuz i had to go to the freakin school and my battery turns to have only 13% from 94%.why it takes so much battery?
lenten ratingthree i didnt use any live wallpaper and other crappy things.
leneight ratingfive nice game but it lag on my cp
lenten ratingfive this temple run is very fun my kids love it
leneleven ratingfour just give beter tasks and i will give you five stars
lenfour ratingfive best game played yet
lensixteen ratingone if u want to get money or reputation, why dont you make it a paid game.
lennineteen ratingone i am willing to pay, but deleting my high scores and restarting the game when i am on level 8.
lenfour ratingone i cant tolerate that.
lensix ratingone plus the game crashes too often.
leneight ratingone temple run brave was way better than this.
lennine ratingfive very fun and different and a lot more levels
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenthirtyfour ratingone lagggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg really is a nice game but what makes it ao annoying are the lags eapecially when you are on a game that you are getting points on the board and you suddenly die.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lenten ratingtwo won't get past start up screen, then force closes
lenthree ratingone bekaar chutiya game
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenten ratingone it doesn't open at all with the motorola triumph
lenseven ratingfive love everything about it, definitely more attractive ?
lennine ratingfive as in the game itself it's more adventurous. :)
lenforty ratingfive only a small problem (but not really a problem) can you add some more characters and more powers or whatever just add something that needs money to buy because i wanna upgrade and upgrade and upgrade my character and powers.
leneleven ratingfive the setup with ropes, mine cars etc. is a great add.
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great
lentwelve ratingone ive uninstalled and reinstalled the game several times and it wont open!
lenseven ratingone it just freezes on the opening screen.
lenthree ratingone its extremely frustrating!
lenseven ratingthree this is new, adventures and rocking game.
lenfour ratingone won't even start
lenseven ratingone the game wont work it just crashes.
lenten ratingone if you guys want a better review then plz help
lenfour ratingfive a real nice game
lentwo ratingfour excellent improvement.
lenfour ratingfour good attention to detail.
lenthirteen ratingfour love what you guys did with the character models, specially the demon monkey.
leneleven ratingfour minus 1 star because it's still a bit buggy it seems.
lenseven ratingfour nice game.you might wanna  try it!
lentwentythree ratingone i got the app and tried all of the things on the developer's website but it just stays on the loading screen.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i love the game and play it on a regular basis but it lags and awful lot, its caused me to loose out on highscores more than once so its only 3 stars for now.
lenfour ratingfive fun game.stress relif.
leneight ratingone lags more than nisar's connection on xbox
leneight ratingfive great game, fun, cannot stop playing it, urraaaaaahhhhh !
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingone unable to install tried 5-6 times.
leneight ratingone comes up to 99% and says invalid url link.
lenten ratingfive it's even harder to put down then the original.
lenfive ratingfive best game after temple run.
lenfour ratingfive just improve some missions.
lenseven ratingfour cool game to play otw to workplace.
lenthree ratingfive best time killer.
lenfourteen ratingone fix it but great game and 3k people rated 1 cause they got samsung infuse lol
lensix ratingfive cant fault this game at all.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and plays greaf.
lensixteen ratingone when i start the game my phone vibrates and then goes back to the main screen.
lennine ratingone i feel like my words are not being heard!
lenfour ratingfive infuriatung, adictive, love it!
lentwo ratingfive super graphics
lenfive ratingfive waaaay better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfour nice game working fine with micromax a110
lenthree ratingfive love monkey vulture
lenfive ratingfour not as gud as previous 1
lenthree ratingfour great eye-hand.
lenten ratingfour awesome game but there are some bugs with the game
lenthree ratingfive excellent.great game
lentwo ratingfive great stuff!
lenfour ratingfour good fun very addictive.
lenseven ratingfour i keep trying to beat my score
lentwentythree ratingtwo nice app.i'm using "sony ericsson xperia pro"i'm playing that gameit shows unfortunately stoped.nt wrking well in tht mobile.
lenfourteen ratingfive its a little tricky but way better and more adventurous then the last one .
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive.:)
lenfourteen ratingfour awesome game but i still loved temple run 1 much more its even more epic
leneight ratingone the game ends, and you lose your score!
leneleven ratingfive two thumbs up this is way better than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennineteen ratingthree while playing temple run if somebody calls than after call game is not resuming it is starting from begining.
lenseven ratingthree i really loved the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingthree im not saying it's a bad game, it just needs several improvements.
lenfourteen ratingthree first of all the game transitions ( trips, slips, turning ) are sudden and not smooth.
lennineteen ratingthree i have noticed some lag also when the character is taking a turn that does not involve player input.
leneight ratingthree in addition, the game menu is somewhat confusing.
leneight ratingthree despite all of this the game is fun.
lentwelve ratingthree and most likely the developers will fix this issues along the way.
lenseven ratingfive excellent game, keep up the good work.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive hats off to you guys
lenten ratingone i go from 2500-5000 coins to 200 coins without me buying anything.
lenseven ratingone if i could rate -5 stars i would!
lenseven ratingfive the best game i've ever played!
lenten ratingone plz help me .i cant download this game in my p1000
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3
lensix ratingfive so  nice  features and  evrything great!
lenfour ratingfive thanks to the creators!
lenthree ratingfive very beautiful game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfiftytwo ratingone i am highly dissappointed in this game, yes they made it more interesting, but its sooooo slow, it lags so much that you dont even.get all the coins in a straight line, and then you try and slide but it lags so you dont, then you have to use a daimond.
lenseven ratingfive really really thanks on the new update.
lenfifteen ratingfive now the resurrection problem is solved and submitted a 12 million record on the first catch.
lenthree ratingfive thanks a lot.
lenfive ratingfive this game worth 5 star now.
leneighteen ratingfive some minor problems such as upgrades' extensions still not solved but no matter from my point of view.
lennine ratingone it stopped working after it told me to update
lenfive ratingfive it*s a fabulous game
lenthirty ratingone on my galaxy s, the game force closes itself before i can even get to the start menu, but i have played it on friends phones and it's amazing.
leneleven ratingfour lag is bad and the shifting your phone sensitivity is bad.
leneight ratingfour other than that i play all the time!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's much better, more interesting, a bit more scary and much more fun.
leneight ratingfive there's just a problem related to sensitivity.
lenseven ratingfive overall it's the best time killer.
leneight ratingone game is cutting off right after download screen.
lensix ratingone goes right back to my apps.
lenfifteen ratingone would love to play this version, my 4 year old an i love the first version!
lenfive ratingfive sale chutiya kya banate ho
lensixteen ratingone as i open the game it just shows me the loading page and then force closes!
lentwelve ratingone i really want to play. . .pls fix and i will give 5 stars
lenseven ratingfive yes it is so good great graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive better than t1, would like more stages like the mine, maybe a boat down rapids etc
lenseventeen ratingfive doesnt fix my layout screen on my galaxy s advance and my 500k lifetime gold objective doesnt updating
lenseven ratingfour just that it is slow in andriod.!
lensix ratingfive improved graphics, more obstacles, more fun.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i am on my galaxy s3.things are ok but sometimes the game freeze.i hate this.but if this is fixed.this rating will be five stars.
leneight ratingfive run.jump.slide.lean.turn.collect.worthy successor
lentwenty ratingone very nice very much nice out of the world too good very much graphics game all this was a joke
lenseven ratingfive this is incredible, such a great game
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive best time waster.
lenthirteen ratingfive solid performance on my phone, no stutter/lag issues and amazingly detailed graphics.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive challenging game
lentwentyfour ratingfour the game is ok but like extremely hard and confusing cuz like once you get far the path and the surroundings look the same
lennine ratingfive they took a big step forward with this game.
leneight ratingfive zip lines, mine carts, waterfalls, and much more.
lennine ratingfive fun, addicting, challenging, and very much worth a download.
leneleven ratingone it only pulls up the loading screen never the actual game
lenfive ratingfive no complaints, keeps me entertained
leneleven ratingfive great game excellent graphics.runs well no errors or pop ups.
lentwo ratingfive awesomeeee game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game ?
lenseven ratingone its great im in lov wit it.
lenthirteen ratingone its more of a challenge n it stopped working yesterday out if nowhere
lenthree ratingfive verry challenging game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingone my gamr crashed and whn i wrnt back into play all of my gems were gone ugggh
lentwo ratingfive extra cool:-)
lennine ratingfive more colourful and diverse than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfive overall, more fun to play!
lenfour ratingfive not compatible with lg l3.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
leneleven ratingfive i got my dad playing it and he's obsessed now.
lenten ratingfive i love to play out to pass time its great.
lenfive ratingfive love this game soooo much!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfifteen ratingone cant play on galaxy player.t any suggestions or advice can help me a lot.
lenthree ratingone thanks in advance.
lenfour ratingfive what an awesome game.
lenten ratingfive this temple run is better than the first temple run
lensix ratingfive kool game, really fun and exciting!
lenseven ratingfour its really cool and fun to play .
leneight ratingfour i like it better then temple run one
lenfive ratingfive 1 more nice game for android
lenthree ratingfive fun.very addictive.
lenthirtythree ratingtwo game sometimes ignores input, tilting to move side to side is slow and unresponsive, (definitely not quick enough to avoid obstacles) and the random path generator throws up unavoidable instant kills too often.
lenthree ratingtwo nearly zero replayability.
lentwo ratingfive awesome run
lentwelve ratingfive this is the best temple run every y'all should make a 3
lenthree ratingfive very nice games
lenthirteen ratingfour i like it is a great game people should really download this aop
lenten ratingfive that's great game all the people will love it
lennine ratingone does not work on the htc desire (bad game)
lenfour ratingthree a bit dizzying game.
lenthree ratingthree more challenges added.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive this game scary when i play night.
lenfive ratingfour but the graphics are awesome.
lenfour ratingfive best free game ever
lensix ratingfour easy to learn and very addictive.
lenthirty ratingfour only concern is that it ain't optimized with nexus 7's tegra 3, you have to keep the graphics on medium so that you won't experience any stutter or lag.
lensix ratingfour overall it's fun and free.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfour ratingfive love the new stuff
lenfour ratingthree fast action fun.xx.
lenthree ratingfive love it haha
lensix ratingthree it dosent work on my phone :(
lenfive ratingfive the best game ever played
lenten ratingfive it`s better than the old one, i love it.
lentwelve ratingfive can`t stop playing it and i wish for another temple run !
lenfive ratingfive better features and rich ui.
lenthree ratingfive fun all round.
lentwentyeight ratingfour great game but drains battery a lot and sometimes difficult to c the deadends also the sfx audio plays even after reducing sound volume to zero in options
lentwelve ratingfive i love this app, can't keep track of time these days
lenthree ratingfive maza.aagaya boss.
lentwo ratingfive solid game.
lenthirteen ratingfive can't seem to stop playing it i'm having that much fun
lenfour ratingfour love the new version.
lennine ratingfour awesome game nd graphics than the first temple run
lenfour ratingone not a worth version.
lennine ratingone the screen looks shappy with same yellowish scene allover.
leneleven ratingone i love the thrill it provides but the display is pathetic.
lentwelve ratingthree i have to use lower graphic to play on htc one v.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is the best its better than 1
leneleven ratingfive whoever put that cart in the game is a freaking genius!
leneight ratingfive and he knew what temple run fans wanted!
lenten ratingfive this game breasts the pants off the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive better graphics including a mine cart ala indiana jones and sliding on ropes.
leneight ratingfive the graphics remind me a lot of cambodia.
lenfifteen ratingfive they changed the resurrection system and several of the powerups, almost all for the better.
lensixteen ratingfive the coin magnet no longer multiples coin values and invisibility has become a shield for example.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive looking forward to temple run 3. :-)
lenfive ratingfive it is amazing love it
leneight ratingfive holy craps this game is my new kryptonite
lenthree ratingfive very nice, superb.
lenfive ratingfive enjoying the 2nd installment even more
lenthree ratingfive good job guys
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfive at first i didn't know to play but then i for the hang of it!
lenthree ratingfour like it alot!
lenthirty ratingfour maybe for temple run 3.you can chose a top view.and see how close or far the monster is.maybe let you trip once or twice before he catches you
leneight ratingfive temple run was good, but this is great!
lentwelve ratingfive the game play feels more immersive; it's fast paced and fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive the upgrades and the ability to save yourself using gems are nice additions as well.
lenseven ratingfive great game kids and i love it
lennine ratingone it loads the home screen the just shuts down
lentwentythree ratingtwo my mob can run bigger games with ease but don't know why this doesn't run smoothly.same prob was with temple 1
lentwo ratingfive simply wow.
lenfour ratingfive its bigger and better.
lenfifteen ratingfive even better and more addicting than the first!i literally can't put it down
leneleven ratingfour great game but focuses more on the 3d rather than the gameplay
lenthree ratingfive worth the download
lenfour ratingthree decreased rating to 3 stars!
lennineteen ratingthree it was so smooth when i first installed it but after the latest update, the game lags like hell!
leneight ratingthree can't we revert to the previous version?
lenfive ratingfive superb game wid gud graphics .
lenthree ratingfive good time pass
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenten ratingfive the demon feels so real, and the graphics are fantastic!
lensix ratingfive i like it because like adventure .
leneight ratingfour freezes sometimes all off a sudden on my sg3.
lenthree ratingfive very enjoyable game!
lenfive ratingfive simplistic but lots of fun!
lentwelve ratingthree i rate it 3 stars only bcz we can not saved our level :(
lenseven ratingfive can't help but work for challenges.
lenfourteen ratingfive can't wait for any further updates but this is perfect as it is!
lenseven ratingfive missing the original resurrection but otherwise, amaaazing!
lentwentyone ratingfive it's awesome game doesn't need to explain why it's good download it fast, loving this game so 5 starts
lensix ratingfour temple run created a new genre
lenthirtyone ratingfour when pressing back button on my s3, the game and screen freezes and there is no way to recover from thst except to go to task manager on android to end application   2.
lenfive ratingfour upside down tilt is active.
lenfifteen ratingfour my entire screen flipped upside down in the middle of the game a couple times. :(
lenfive ratingfour pretty good for a remake
lenfour ratingfive great 3d affect, great game.
lennineteen ratingfive would like to see option to turn the monkey off for practice but its great the way it is.
lenthree ratingfive wow great game
lentwentyfive ratingfour the only part i dont like is when it comes to a part where there is this waterfall and the next thing is spike wheel.
lenseven ratingfour i died at the spot every time.
lenfour ratingfour but overall, fun game!
lenthree ratingfive e tare jocul
lennine ratingfour good graphics but slows down the phone in game
lennine ratingfive this game is better then the old temple run
lenten ratingone i cant get this app to work on my phone.
leneight ratingone i have installed and deleted it several times.
lensix ratingone i won't load at all
lenfourteen ratingthree the last time i rated temple run 2, i gave it a four star-rating.
lennine ratingthree after i downloaded the update it was acting good.
lennine ratingthree all of a sudden, it started to act up.
leneight ratingthree now i cant even tilt the character anymore!
lentwentynine ratingthree as im trying to collect coins or if im on the train or on the cutt of bridge, it dont allow me to tilt , and i keep on falling.
lensix ratingthree its really fustrating and very annoying.
lenten ratingthree plz fix it, then i will give you 5 star rating
lenfive ratingone why cant i install it.
lentwelve ratingone they said you cant download (498)祁?pls fix it in samsung galaxy tab
lensix ratingfive i love this game its fun
leneight ratingfive y'all should come up with temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive great game for when you are waiting in line somewhere!
lenthirty ratingfive one of the bugs that i found was that when you activate the super speed, and grab a zipline, you keep the same speed when you get off the zipline.
lenfive ratingfive but overall; it's fantastic.
lensix ratingfive love the new version of tr
lentwo ratingfive insane game.
lentwo ratingfive grt graphics.
leneleven ratingone still doesn't go past the imangi studios screen plz fix.
lenfour ratingone one star till fix.
lenfour ratingone add support for os 2.2.
lenfour ratingone thunderbolt rooted stock at 2.2
lenten ratingfive i like temple run but i love to play temple run2
lenseven ratingfive very good game and graphics are excellent.
lentwentyone ratingfive its still free and it introduces a ton of new features which makes this game more addicting and fun than ever!
lenfourteen ratingfour i'm new about this game. .but i think this is a ossome game
lenten ratingfive this game is so fun/addicting deserves 5 stars from everyone
lenfive ratingfive great game hours of fun.
lentwelve ratingfive great improvement, the power ups are amazing, the upgrades and awesome  addictive
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics nd good stuff
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive never had so much fun running!
lentwentysix ratingtwo nice game,  problem is i purchased 50k coins and ive been waiting over a week for my coins, tried emailing the support team but still no reply!
lenthirteen ratingfour a better,  tighter, more challenging updated to the already breathtaking templ run franchise.
lenfive ratingfour this makes it a trilogy.
lenfour ratingfour it's more fun!
leneight ratingfive my high score- 11056893 :-d   bring back resurrect wings
lentwo ratingfive exactly woooooo
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfifty ratingfour if i do a power up by double tapping and then i get the same power during the time for which my power up is already activated the new powerup doesnt hold for duration more than the duration of last powerup even if second powerup is taken at last second
lenfive ratingfive best game after temple run.
lenfour ratingfive just improve some missions.
leneleven ratingthree awesome to play the game good thing but not much excellent
lensix ratingfive little more details can be added
leneight ratingfour love the mine cart and other new features.
lenten ratingfour unfortunately i have a lag issue on my samsung galaxy s3.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i love this game, it is my favourite but recently my power meter is giving trouble to fill especially in the mine .
lenfive ratingfour i have a samsung galaxy s3.
lentwo ratingfour nice games
lentwo ratingfour nice game. .
lentwo ratingfive more thrilling
lenseven ratingone it reset my profile today like wtf.
leneleven ratingfive waiting for temple run 3.:p i like this game very much.
lenten ratingfive only thing is , we get a gem spawned very rarely.
leneight ratingfive i love it it is an amazing game
lenseven ratingfive but i think that add mare levels
lenseven ratingfive really fun game, and quite addictive (careful).
lensixteen ratingfive only complaint i have is that they did away with the magnet that multiples coin values.
lenfive ratingfive huraaay found what i needed!
lenfourteen ratingfive i have not been able to keep this down ever since i downloaded it.
lensixteen ratingfive i love that you can save a life with gems and continue from where you left.
lenten ratingfive more organized, better task n confusing background make it fun
lenfive ratingthree alright bugs not much diffrent
lenthree ratingfive great past timer.
lennineteen ratingfive surely it deserves to be a editor's choice.and imangi.with tr and  tr2. .u r a top developer.
lenfive ratingfive this game is the truth!
lensix ratingfive pleas fix the reset coin bug
lenfive ratingfive awesome game update to original
lenthree ratingfive temple run rocks.
lenthirteen ratingfour better and unlike previous there is lot more adventure, i just love it.
lennine ratingfive i love this game the thrills just keep coming.
lenseven ratingfive hope you guys make a third game.
lenseven ratingfour addicting gameplay makes this simple game fun.
lenfive ratingfive i like it this app
lenfive ratingtwo sometimes it lags my phone.
lenten ratingfive it is very interesting game and i'm enjoying alot
lensix ratingfive great controls, great graphics, great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive its an awesome game very interesting new graphics new levels i love it
lenten ratingfive this is like one of the best games ever yo!
lenfour ratingfive addictive, need more gems
lenthree ratingfive great thank you
lenfive ratingfive great game lots of fun
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseventeen ratingfive i am unable to download this awesome game for reasons unknown a constant message appears 'invalid package'
lentwo ratingfive awesome thanks
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better then the new one! !                .
lentwelve ratingfour very minor glitches causes me to die every once in a while.
lenfive ratingfour fantastic job on the game
lenthree ratingfive supercool .hats off
lenfourteen ratingfive work well on hd devices like canvas fadu game hai boss its show time
lennine ratingfour when i pick up gems they dont get counted.
lenthree ratingfive nice job creators
lennineteen ratingfour as compare to temple run 1 , it is much more sophisticated game for mobile which like most of the gamers
lensixteen ratingfour this is really a gr8 game except for some glitches and some times it gives slow response
lentwelve ratingone i wouldn't even give it one star bit i had to.
lenfifteen ratingone downloaded it and it went to first loading screen and force closed on me 3 times
lenten ratingfive my little girl loves this game shes never of it
lenthree ratingfive really awsome games
lensix ratingfive seems the crystal bug is gone!
lenfourteen ratingfive a very awesome game but needs to improve it's graphics a little more
lentwentysix ratingone i am signed into my google account but it won't let me update so i uninstalled it and it will not let me download again.
lenthirteen ratingone it says i'm not signed into my google account but i am.
lennine ratingtwo ever since the update it doesnt work at all.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it stays at the i screen and then goes to my home screen.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingtwo i have lg optimus 3d and it doesnt work fix it
lenfive ratingfive this game is totaly awesome
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive cool  game
lentwenty ratingfour but can u tell where my coin has gone when ever i m collect coin then my prrvious coin gone
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lensixteen ratingthree it runs smoothly on canvas 2 but even after collecting coins power up meter does not fill.
leneighteen ratingthree it just stops at a place even after collecting many chains of coins it doesn't start filling.
lensix ratingthree it worked fine before the update.
lenfourteen ratingthree its difficult to play nd at some places not knowing.which way to go.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingfour i completed two challenges in one run "unlock second power up"
lenfive ratingfour and "collect no coins for 1000m"
lenten ratingfour second one marked as complete first one is still uncompleted
lenfive ratingfive beautiful graphics and awesome background.
lennine ratingfive wish you all the very best for temple run 3, 4, 5.
lensix ratingfive this game is polished as puck!
leneleven ratingfive love the art direction and game play is great as well.
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun !
lenthree ratingfive very cool game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game :)
lentwentyeight ratingone i find a boost during my run and another one before the first one ends (not my characters powerups) and the second one doesn't extend my boost.
lentwentyfour ratingone the effect was over within a few seconds of picking the second one (both shields i picked during the run. not my power up.)
leneight ratingone the game ends, and you lose your score!
lenseven ratingfive harder than the first, but great graphics.
leneight ratingfive wish there ways to get coin bundles, though.
lennine ratingfive takes a long time to earn enough for upgrades.
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lenfive ratingfour not easy to put down.
lenthirty ratingfour and also that it saves automatically if i have to exit the game so i can continue where i left off instead of just dying.but otherwise i'm addicted.
lentwentytwo ratingfive the game is great but i think there should be another option, having different paths that consist of easy, normal and hard.
lennine ratingfive or as we keep getting farther, the environment changes.
lensix ratingfive this is such a great game!
lennine ratingfive i enjoy it alot never get tired of it!
lentwentynine ratingfive overall the performance of game is smooth,the good thing is major change in the ui of the game and it has become more adventurous and a bit challenging
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfive ratingfive truly a adventurous & interesting game.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool
lentwenty ratingone i can't download this game on my phone due to error 487 i would like to play but can't :(
lenfour ratingfour love playing this game!
lennine ratingfour wish the graphics were just a tad larger, however.
lensix ratingfour but still enjoy it a lot!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingthree wish i could a game without the lagging.
lenseven ratingfour this game is too addicting and competitive!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive its way better then temple run
lennine ratingfive its great game which can easyly takeevery second intresting.
lenthree ratingfive love love love!
lenthirteen ratingfive i'm so glad they made this for android its a lot better!
lentwentyone ratingone love the game but keep switching into tutorial mode and wont go off it will just freeze annoying please fix asap
lentwo ratingthree nice game.
lenthirtythree ratingthree would be 5 stars but for the fact that i paid for a coin doubles, my credit card got billed plastered says i''ve already bought this item, yet nothing was received in-game .
lenthirteen ratingfive it was a bit challenging at first, died like 50 times in a row.
lentwenty ratingfive but the amazing graphics and upgrades to the original tr  made it more enthralling and definitely more addictive to play. :3
lenseven ratingfive stunning visuals, fabulous game play and addictive.
lentwo ratingfive nice games
lentwentyfour ratingfive thanks for a fantastic game that is fun for me and my 6 and 7 year olds-not to mention the fact that it's free!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneleven ratingfive if the first game fun, can't wait to play part 2.
lennine ratingfour infinirunner and midas touch need way too much grinding
lenfifteen ratingfive excellent game better then the first one alot of improvements in temple run 2 very addictive
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive has better graphics and game play to it
leneleven ratingfive nice game worlds first rank game on mobile .graphics are excellent
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive beautiful graphics and challenges.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lennine ratingfive thanks you for making it free you folks rock.
lensix ratingfive waiting in line just got better.
lenthree ratingone fun game though
lentwentyfour ratingthree this game is definitely fun, but there are a few issues that i would like to see fixed: -the game freezes constantly for me.
lensixteen ratingthree this has often caused me to die as i cannot respond to the environment in time.
lentwentytwo ratingthree this even happens on the lowest graphics setting. -the game is not as responsive for me as i think it should be.
lentwentythree ratingthree could be due to the game freezing at times. -some traps are spawned so close together that it is almost impossible to survive.
lentwentythree ratingthree it would also be nice to see how many gems i have before i choose whether or not i would like to continue.
lentwelve ratingthree other than those issues, it is a very fun and addictive game.
lenfourteen ratingthree if those issues are addressed, i would certainly give the game a higher rating.
lenten ratingfour love the new scenes and the cart is pretty neat.
leneleven ratingfour kept the basics the same but the course is ever changing.
lenthirteen ratingfour having a but of a screen sticking problem on my galaxy sii though.
lennine ratingthree good game runs choppy on the one x plus
lentwentyeight ratingfive although im bad at it im in love with this game it has great graphics and has alot more knew supprises than there were in the first one.
leneighteen ratingfive and if you wanna know what they are than you will have to  wait once you get it
leneight ratingfive i love this game,this game is addictive
lensix ratingfive nothing new but oh so addictive!
lenseven ratingone it wont work on my lg  phone
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingone i installed the game but it wouldn't load.
lentwo ratingfour action packed.
leneight ratingfour will keep u on your toes for hours!
lentwelve ratingfive tried to buy the 5000 coin pack and i didn't get it.
lennine ratingfive but overall its the best game i've played.
lentwelve ratingfive i reallly love this game wow the best freaking game yuu ever. <3<3
lenten ratingfive it's always a good game to kill your time
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is so fun!
leneight ratingfour ok,  or won't let me play it.
lenten ratingfour it keeps on crashing every time i open the app.
lensix ratingfour nice job done like temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour far now enjoyable than the first game!
lenthirteen ratingfive fun game to play to kill time when i'm bored at work
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingone cant get past the main loading screen!
leneleven ratingone it crashes and kicks me right off to my home screen!
lenfifteen ratingone i loved the first temple run and its very disappointing that im having this issue!
lennine ratingfive this game is wayy better than the last one
lenfour ratingfive nice gfx runs smooth
leneleven ratingfive just if you have no connection the game can be glitchly.
lenthirteen ratingthree it good but on the game it took away the coins i earned.
lensix ratingfive excellent time waster and highly addictive
leneight ratingfive supercalifragilisticexpialidocious game ever ! :d omg its totes fab!
lentwelve ratingfive i <3 this game with a lot of 3d graphics cool keep it up!
lenfive ratingfive and its soo addictive lolz
lenseven ratingfive i can't wait when temple 3 comes
lentwentytwo ratingfour when i played this game i was getting the hang of it and now i have falling in love with the game.
lenten ratingone the game would not load on my smartphone, please fix
lentwo ratingfour htc sensation 4g.
leneighteen ratingfive i cann't even wait until i get the game i am going to be super duper happy
lentwo ratingfive super awesome
leneighteen ratingone good game but i still havent received the coins i purchased from the store its already been 24 hours.
lenfive ratingone will change rating if fixed.
lenten ratingone i would recommend people to stay away from making purchases.
lenthree ratingfour pretty fun game.
lenseven ratingfour has lots of glitches on my device.
lenthirteen ratingtwo love the game, the graphics are great, but big problem with coins disappearing.
lentwelve ratingtwo i just had 3k coins, played a game and suddenly had only 800 coins.
lentwelve ratingfive y does it take your coins if u don't spend them
lennine ratingfive this game is alsome better then the first one
lensix ratingfive love this game go temple run 2
leneleven ratingtwo awful idk if its lag or the stupidity of the game
lensixteen ratingfive it is so awsome it keeps you occupied you just cant take your eyes off it.
lentwentyone ratingone so friggin glitchy cant even begin to enjoy, updates make no difference.tired of waiting for real fix, uninstall this crap.
lenthree ratingfive outstanding n mindblowing
leneleven ratingone everytime i open it, it shows the loading screen then closes!
lenten ratingone won't even work if i uninstall and then reinstall.
lennine ratingone fix please so i can finally play this game!
lensix ratingfive wanted more adventure in temple run?
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics , fun to play
lenseven ratingfour i love this one better than temple run1.
lenthirteen ratingfour the only thing i want different is there to be more characters. <3 it!
lentwentyeight ratingfive considering that my phone is over 2 years old and does not preform that well on 3d games this one preforms great good job devs keep up the good work
lenthree ratingone this game stinks!
leneleven ratingone the reason why: it crashes and doesn't let me play!
lenthree ratingone im soooooooooo frustrated.
leneight ratingfive i love the game and the monkeys xd
leneight ratingone you would be better off getting subway surfers
lenfifteen ratingfive cool game i recommend it .it has sip lines new characters and not that bad
lennine ratingfive this is the best game ever i love it
lennine ratingthree after new update it lags.please fix this asap.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
leneight ratingone i loooove temple run but this isnt good.
lentwentyseven ratingone it will run once and then it will act like its loading everytime you try to play but will just close before it even opens every time.
lentwentyone ratingone it isnt very sensitive either so it made me die a lot the one time i got to play it.waste.
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lenthree ratingthree an extraordinary game.
lenseven ratingfive i play the s*** all f****** day
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive better then previous version.
lenseven ratingfour my coins disappear without me buying anything
lenthree ratingfour cool game fun
lenfortyeight ratingfour the people at imangi have created another addicting game, the look is nice and more interesting but i find the power ups are harder to get, overall it is a great game and if you were getting bored of the original temple run this game should fix that.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i love it
leneight ratingfive love this game thank youfor makeing this game
lenseven ratingfive i luv temple run 2 its the best.
lensixteen ratingthree it's really fun but slow i love this game so much it's the best!
lenfive ratingfive my kids love it too.
lentwentysix ratingfive the first part was very good and this is the best of all.i love to play hour an hour.thanks so much making such games.
lentwo ratingfive tuff nigga
lenfive ratingfour sick game totally love it
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthirteen ratingfour really easy and fun only rating a 4 because it's kinda ez :d
lenseven ratingfive i can't stop playing this game
lenseven ratingfive never beem so thrilled and breath taking.
lenseven ratingfive this game is the boom.loving it
leneight ratingfour please add montana smith then ill rate 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive than temple run #1.
lenfive ratingfive i like dis one more
lenseven ratingfive it is the best temple run ever
lenseventeen ratingone this game doesn't give you enough time to react, like even less than the first one.
leneleven ratingone and it keeps making my coins that i've earned disappear!
leneight ratingone one time i had 2500 coins, another was 4050 coins!
leneleven ratingone so this game will stay uninstalled until all problems are fixed.
leneight ratingfive love it, great game and plenty of entertainment.
lenfive ratingfive this is a fun game
lennine ratingfive awesome should go for temple run 3 come on ahhah
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooooo cool.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i think that a good improvement would be to have the coins switch ''lanes'' . just to make it a bit more challenging
lentwo ratingfive ladies.dutch
lenthirteen ratingone force closes when i try opening it and have yet to try it
lenseventeen ratingfour i love this game, but it tend to freeze often and get stuck and also have delays
lenfour ratingfour really fun and enjoyable.
lenthirteen ratingfive cool new obstacles.new places and some glitches at the bridge.  :d xd
lenfour ratingfive like it a lot.
lentwo ratingfive better image
lensix ratingfive this game is outrageous  and wicked
leneleven ratingfive this is an excellent game everyone must download and install it
lenseven ratingfive extreme good graphics and better enhancements visualisation
leneight ratingfive very well built and a very addictive game.
lensix ratingfive a welcome upgrade the to original.
lenten ratingfive it's a little harder but a lot more diverse.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lenthirteen ratingthree good game but when i try to open the menu my phone crashes.
lentwelve ratingfive cant wait until i get a new phone with a larger screen.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lentwelve ratingone i love this game and i do play it all the time.
lentwenty ratingone but why is it that i will have 4, 000 coins saved up, and then all a sudden i am down to 900.
lenfive ratingone fix and ill give 5 stars
lenfour ratingone i cant download it
leneleven ratingfive i really love this app so much funand a time waster
lentwo ratingfive thrilling game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i recommend it the graphics are great and it is just fun in general
lentwelve ratingfive a cool game.and must say its working on my cell.yeah!:-)
lenfive ratingfive my baby loves this game
lennine ratingfive this game is so much better than the first.
lennine ratingfive it would would b even better with tougher obstacles.
lenseven ratingfive run like ur life depended on it
lennine ratingfive i love the zip line and the minecart rides!
lenfour ratingfive a little glitchy sometimes.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run to lose a great game and have not found any bugs with it.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
lennineteen ratingone i collected many gems.but the count of number of gems is always getting reset to 0.whats the problem?
lenthree ratingone taking to long
lenfiftythree ratingfive i have been waiting since my birthday last year for ur his game to come out and i'm like so impressed by this i love it i'm so addicted and it had me screaming because of this monster it is huge i just love this can wait for a third lol
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics. .
lenthirty ratingthree i have the galaxy s3, and this game is getting to the point where it's not even fun because it will glitch and freeze, and it makes me die 3/5 times.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingthree i love this game.
lensixteen ratingthree it is super addicting.however i can only do so well because it glitches so much.
lentwentythree ratingthree i'll try to turn (not early or late) and it doesn't read it, glitches the screen, and then i am dead.
lenfive ratingthree 5 stars for a smoother game
lenfour ratingfour mein danke shn bleibt silbern!
lentwentytwo ratingfive this app makes my daughter so happy she love it so much but she has  a l pod  this app is cooool   : )
lenfifteen ratingthree coin issues, they sometimes don't add up in the end after you collect them.
leneight ratingfive blows the original away and much more challenging.
leneight ratingfive blew my mind away first time playing it!
lennine ratingfive this game is so awesome i can you explain
lentwelve ratingthree the older version was good, the latest update made my tablet lag.
lentwentyfour ratingone i can download the game but then once i play it then exit, it tryes to load them goes back to my aps page.
leneleven ratingfive love the new graphics and the way the new objective work.
lensix ratingfive i am on my ace plus.
lenseven ratingfive on ace plus the graphics are exellent.
lensix ratingfive does your phone has exellent graphics.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive love the update very addictive
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive now since the update, i could run the game much smoother now.
lentwentytwo ratingone when ever i open the application it closes and it won't lete play it until it's.fixed it gets a 1star
lenthree ratingfive awesome sauce em
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive its an excellent game which makes me to play only this game .
leneight ratingone it won't let me play on it
lentwentyseven ratingfour i love the game but ill have 5,000 coins then it will say i have 500 and i didnt even spend anything fix and ill rate 5 stars lg splendor
lenfortyeight ratingthree every time i try to upgrade my magnet with gems my gems disappear also when i upgreaded it half way with 12 gems it stayed then i played the next day and it erased all of my progress on the magnet please help fix i have a samsung galaxy s3
lenten ratingfour i find this temple run even better than the last!
leneight ratingfive beter than the first one two thums up!
leneleven ratingfour it's really fun and so.much better then the first!
lennine ratingfour it has a lot more aspects of the game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive very responsive with touch!
lenfourteen ratingfive love how it came out like a week from when apple appstore got it!
lenthree ratingfive this game bess
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenfive ratingfive it just needs more characters.
lennine ratingfive this game is the best game i ever played
lentwelve ratingthree i have a galaxy note ii and thr minecart is a pain.
lenfourteen ratingthree i have to basically tilt my phone sideways to get the cart to tilt.
lennineteen ratingthree plus some parts of thr mineshaft have not response time going around a corner and there is a fork.
leneight ratingfive its more breath taking.i love the graphics.
lennine ratingfour very fun and addicting its a favorite of mine
leneight ratingfive this game takes away a lot of time.
lensix ratingfive one of the most addicting games.
lenfour ratingfive palmer terrors all day
lentwo ratingtwo excellent game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo although coins keep disappearing after around 3000 leaving me unable to upgrade highly annoying.
lenten ratingtwo also there is pausing even with the visuals down low.
lenseven ratingtwo otherwise would of been a five star!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingtwo i love but it keeps on shutting down
lenfive ratingfive i efffingg love this game !
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first one!amazing !
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i started playing like last week and today i played and i was lagging tk the right of the run path but in all its better would like to see the glitch fixed though
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfour just wish it ran a little smotther, but then again that's probably just my phone.
lenfour ratingfour great game though, thanks!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfour i like it alot i just hate that it buffers sometimes!
lentwo ratingfour jakas game
lenfour ratingfive great game very addicting
lenfour ratingone doesnt work for  android
lenfive ratingfive the visuals have improved greatly.
lenfive ratingfive never lags on my phone.
lennine ratingfive it's a great way to kill some time.
lenseven ratingfive the game also flows much better now.
lensix ratingfour fun way to spend your time.
lensixteen ratingfive this app is very fun and a total new thing compared to the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love playing it all day and i just enjoy everything about it ! :)
leneleven ratingfour when picking up another magnet or shield, time should be extended.
lenthree ratingfive love this app
leneighteen ratingone every time i click on it it loads then goes back to my home and i just got.
leneleven ratingone i already tried uninstalling then installing but it won't work!
leneleven ratingfive should added more characters, different maps, and monsters to run into.
lenthree ratingfive my favourite game
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lentwo ratingthree great game!
lennineteen ratingthree would give it 5 stars, but it erases all my won coins once i make over 3,000, so can never upgrade.
lenten ratingthree someone please help on how i can fix this issue!
lenfive ratingfive works great on the nexus 7.
lentwentyfour ratingthree a really good game, but the double coin purchase hasn't activated yet and it's nearly been two weeks since iv bought it
lenfive ratingfive i'm loving this game!
lentwelve ratingfive i like the levels and different places to run like the tunnel.
lenfourteen ratingfive my only priblem is that without an internet connection the gane can be glitchy.
lenfive ratingfive otherwise its a great game.
lenseven ratingone wish it was compatible for my phone .
lennine ratingone i downloaded the app but it won't work.
lennine ratingone it goes to the first screen then force closes.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive addictive love it!
leneleven ratingfive looks like the run in tempal run is far from over
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingthree i don't like the gap when turning right and left.
lenfive ratingfive currently hooked on this game!
lenthree ratingfive challenging and fun!
lenthirty ratingthree it lags a lot especially when coming to corners and jumps and when i die and try to skip the save me the screen flashes red and black then closes
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive even more fun than the first one.
lensix ratingfive it's the coolist gsme ever
lennineteen ratingfive update fixed a lot i had double my score and got 1mil with no power up finally same day updated
lenfive ratingfive better than the previous version!
lensix ratingfive game is great but crashes occaisonaly
lenfourteen ratingfive realy its a good game i have alot of fun when i play it
lennine ratingone it won't even start on my samsung infuse.
lentwo ratingfive super addicted
lenseven ratingtwo it freezes up which makes me lose
lentwentyseven ratingfive it feels so darn real like ur the guy/girl running.its never to slow.never to fast.it gives me heart attacks because its so fun !
lensix ratingfive every corner is a new adventure.
lennine ratingfive this is totally worth ur time and storage ! :d
leneight ratingthree i'm always stuck on imangi studios screen.
lenseven ratingthree i really want to play this game!
lenfive ratingone keeps telling me package invalid.
lenfive ratingfive i love it a lot!
lenten ratingfive amazing fun game, very addictive, passes the time very quick.
lensix ratingfive a great difference to temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive don't delay in downloading! :)
lenfour ratingfive zwagg on temple run 2
lenseven ratingone the game.wont download on my phone!
lenseven ratingone i a galaxy sl at&t version
lensix ratingthree not as responsive as the original.
leneighteen ratingthree when tackling alot of obstacles in a short time can die easily as the game cant keep up.
lensixteen ratingfive i loved temple run so i didn't see how this could be better.it is!
lensix ratingfive are you able to ever escape?
lenfourteen ratingone every time i try to open this app it force closes.please fix asap!
lenthirteen ratingthree love the game but hate the fact it freezes at the wrong moments.
leneleven ratingthree when i jump or slide it starts freezing then i die.
lenfifteen ratingthree please fix the glitch es so my children n i can enjoy the game properly.
lentwelve ratingthree but the graphics make my phone freeze when i play it sometimes.
lentwenty ratingthree it could just be my phone (samsung galaxy s) but its worth the download if you like the first one!
leneight ratingone just updated the app nd stil not working!
lenfour ratingfour really pretty good game.
lenfourteen ratingfour a few minor things i liked more about temple run 1 like the football player.
lenfive ratingfour but the mine is fun.
lenseven ratingfive cool but subway surfers is way better
lentwo ratingfive long target.
lensix ratingfour best game ever i love it
lenfourteen ratingfive i spend time on this game it is the best game app ive found.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is quite a fun challenge mixed with great detail and scenery.
lenthirtythree ratingfive i highly recommend temple run two this app is one of the best apps i have ever played and if you don't think so youv'e got a horrible taste in games
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfortytwo ratingfour this is a fun game,but i was saving money for karmy lee,but i said i think i have enough money i clicked on him and lost my coins and now i cant save my life cause i cant get dimonds
lenonehundred ratingfour wow imangi uv done it again a great fun game different scenes new monster good work jus few tweaks needed to put it 5*s in the original game u culd change tilt sensitivity on game would like it to appear on this game doesn't seem to b very sensitive to tilts and the bonuses aka shields culd last like the first game u culd run thru more objects if ur at high speed and not die so quickly were as this u only get one chance if u culd get those sorted that would make it a 5* game thnx
lenfive ratingfive i love playing this game
lentwenty ratingfive this game is  the best game you should download this game i like it becuase it is very change ing
lenfour ratingfour says my daughter alayna.
lenthree ratingfive very attractive game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingone i am very disapointed from v2 of temple run.
leneleven ratingone the new graphs are very bad and its just to laag.
lenthirteen ratingone i loved v1 but u really did not made it in the second version.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfour game is tougher.
leneleven ratingfour background terrain could have been a diff color from the player .
leneight ratingtwo it's a great game, a wonderful sequel.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the imangi screen sometimes doesn't load me to the game, it's very laggy (might just be me. droid 3.), and the control doesn't always work.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive friggin awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive great step up from the first one which was hard to top.
leneight ratingfive amazing grafics and many new features and runners.
leneleven ratingfive this game is so omg it's like a devils canyon!
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game .
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive won't let me use 2nd "save me"
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingthree fun app and good sequel but until the bugs get fixed it will remain a 3 star for me
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lenthirteen ratingfive best free game out there gets harder in level 6 .great game in all
lenthree ratingfour pretty decent game.
lenseven ratingfive couldn't ask for a better game.
lenfive ratingfive loving the gane so much
lenten ratingfive i love this game because i'm addicted to it
lenseven ratingthree kinda laggy could use a little work
lenfour ratingfour thiss game is great.
lenseven ratingfour works fine on my samsung galaxy attain.
lenfive ratingfive excellent quality, and very addicting!
lenfourteen ratingthree it is impossible to get points to unlock the other characters like scarlett fox.
lentwenty ratingfive very very easy to change the game data txt file and give yourself all oft the characters and unlimited coins
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2is ghudd
lennine ratingfive it's a awesome game because it is fun.
lenseven ratingfive someone/something boring you.download temple run 2.
leneight ratingfive definitely not a disappointment and surely not boring.
leneight ratingfive it has more action then the first one
leneight ratingfive text me ladies, i'm from rizal, philippines.
lentwelve ratingfive it's really amazing with the latest graphics and the new map.
lensixteen ratingone its the best game i've ever played on my phone but there is on exception.
lenten ratingone the coins i get automatically reset after 2 games or so.
lenseven ratingone this means i can't buy upgrades.
lenten ratingone once this is fixed ill definately be giving it 5 stars.
lentwentyseven ratingone idk if it matters but everyone elses that i've seen is fine, its just happening to my phone which happens to be a samesung captivate glide.
lenseventeen ratingfour it is a good game to play while you are bored or just need somthing to do.
leneleven ratingfour it's great to compete with your friends and get competitive!
lenseven ratingfive way better than version one by far!
lenten ratingone loved this game until i tried  to buy some coins.
lenseventeen ratingone it takes a lot of playing to get everything unlocked so i thought  of buying some coins.
lentwentyfive ratingone when i bought it the coin  pack took the money but no coins,tried  to contact  imangi  but its no use they won't  reply.
lennine ratingfour this is an amzinggg game and im sooo addiiicted.
lenseven ratingfour but i cant get out of level 8!
lensix ratingfour the 3 goals are 10 million lifetime meters.
lensix ratingfour 1 million lifetime coins and 500k lifetime coins.
leneleven ratingfour ive already gotten over 500k coins but the bar didnt fill up.
lenseven ratingfour and it hasnt gone away. :( please helllppp
lenten ratingfive its  so  cool  that  there is new stuff and characters!
lenfive ratingfive nice improvment from last templerun
lennine ratingfive just as awsome or even better than the first
leneight ratingfive i love it better than the first one
lenthirtyfour ratingfive this game is awesome, it has great graphics, great new parts to the game but if you have to many apps it does get glitchy and lags but overall it is a great game
lenfive ratingfive best app on the market!
lensix ratingfive t'was a very awesome games
lentwentyfive ratingfive the first one was a favorite of mine, and when i found out there was a temple run 2 i was pretty excited and downloaded it.
leneight ratingfive i would definitely recommend this to a friend.
lenfive ratingfive luv ds game.really cool.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game really good
lenfive ratingfour grt gm tp kill time
lennine ratingfive my son and i love this fun lil game
leneleven ratingfour after having it for approximately a week, the tilt stopped working.
lensix ratingfour it also gets slow at times.
leneight ratingfour other than that,it's an awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive co co cool
lenten ratingthree drains the ever living dog poop out of my phone.
lenfour ratingthree otherwise a great game!
lennine ratingfive i love this game just so fun so addictive.
lentwentythree ratingfive so addictive ive started dreaming about it and cant wait to play it on the way to work or home on the bus.
lenthree ratingfive god help me.
lennineteen ratingone with my lg thrill.every single time i open it.it loads for a very long time then crashes.
lennine ratingone i've uninstalled/reinstalled too many times to count.
lentwenty ratingone the loading screen shows on screen but crashes and fails to continue to the main menu to start the game.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneleven ratingfive the game is fun n even more exicting to play with.
lensix ratingfive though the app lags a bit.
leneight ratingfive but most of the time is pure fun!
leneight ratingfive lag issues fixed and sensitivity has been increased.
lenfive ratingfive the game plays great now.
leneleven ratingfive the only bad thing is that it can kill your battery.
lentwo ratingfour great app
lenfifteen ratingfive it's nice game with superb graphic and easy too play.thank u soo much
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenthree ratingfive nice graphic imangi
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics.smooth run.
lensix ratingone wont even start just force closes.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is a really good and entertainment game i like it so far.
lennine ratingone the latest update cannot be downloaded.prompts (invalid package)
leneleven ratingthree the game is much laggier even before the update :/ please fix.
lenthree ratingthree otherwise awesome game!
leneight ratingfour why does my coins deduct after i lose.
leneleven ratingfour i had almost 3,000 den i lost and it went down to 433.
lenthirtyseven ratingone i thought that the update would fix the bug but when i open the game & try to play its still very laggy & freezes all the time forcing me to run off the track or miss jumps, etc.
lenfour ratingone game won't open.
lenseven ratingone sticks on the imangi logo, than crashes.
leneighteen ratingthree there is a good part which is realy fun but it freezes and sometimes make other stuff frozen
lenthirteen ratingfive i have the whole tr collection, and this is by far the best.
lenseven ratingfive just check your device's tech specs.
lensix ratingfive ths sht raw thn a bit
lenseven ratingfive it's never ending fun n excitement.
lenfifteen ratingone it takes forever to load up and only freezes and no controls work on time
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfour it's great but needs little improvement
lenseven ratingfive a lot better than the first one :-)
lenfourteen ratingfive is the new coolest game now.this game has more new things than the#1version
lennineteen ratingfive great graphics so hard for me though to even get past 400,000 how do people get to the freakin' millions?
lentwo ratingfive serious question!
lennine ratingone no issues buying upgrades but unable to use them.
lenthirteen ratingfive love this game.it much brighter and like the zip lining and rivers
lenfifteen ratingone its too many details and its too busy to focus on anything you are doing.
lenfive ratingone it's an awful game.
lensix ratingone temple run is much much better
leneight ratingfive the graphics and game play are much better.
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun.
lenfive ratingfive i freakkin love this game! :)
lenfive ratingfive responsive and pretty accurate controls.
lentwenty ratingtwo most games end because the poor performance causes the screen to freeze just before a turn and swipes are ignored.
lensix ratingtwo kind of more frustrating than fun.
leneleven ratingfive i've always enjoy playing this game to get steam off.
lenfourteen ratingfive plus runs real smooth on my nexus 7 so keep up the good work guys.
lenfour ratingfive it's freaking awesome
lenten ratingfive this game just grows on u , a super addictive game .
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lennineteen ratingfive every thing is good but i wish we could restore all the coins that we had in temple run 1
lenten ratingone very slow gameplay wish i could give half a star.
lenten ratingone i won't really have to turn and such uninstalled
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game on my galaxy tab and now on my htc resound.
lenten ratingfive could do with more characters but i'm not complaining
lentwentytwo ratingfive temple run1 was good but when i play temple run2 it was to execllent i hop that temple run3 will to excellent,good and  fantastick
lenthirtysix ratingthree lags it freezes nd it keep restarting my data where i have to do objects over if i go to settings it freezes frustrating but would be a fun game if these things didn't happen
lentwo ratingfive great improvement
lenseven ratingfive i love it to much animation though
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive great fun on the go!
leneight ratingfive even more addicting then the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive a 5 star game.
lenten ratingfive thank you for making a perfect game like this free.
lenfourteen ratingfive update-just got all of the abilities and afterwards i purchased the coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfive greatest game ever and well worth purchasing the coin doubler to help the dev.
lentwentytwo ratingfive update- after my coin doubler problem, imangi studios responded quickly and gave me a refund and i still have my coin doubler.
lenseven ratingfive bought items from cafepress to support dev.
lenfourteen ratingfive only problem is doesn't respond to some swaps.but everything else is wonderful
lennineteen ratingfive super awesome i love the power up that was added it makes more easier too score and go further
lenfourteen ratingfour with better graphics, it's surprising how much better it runs on my phone.
leneight ratingfour the first lagged so much it was frustrating.
lenfifteen ratingfour addicting as every, though some of the objectives seem unreachable, i can't stop trying
lensix ratingfive this is the new 2013 temple run
lensixteen ratingfour really above the average game and its better than the first, great on htc one x
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive this game is cool to play
lenfive ratingfive awesome app just get it
lenten ratingfive i love the new temple run game .it is amazing! :-)
lenthree ratingfive intense and awesome!
lenten ratingfive i loved the first temple run it was so addicting!
lentwelve ratingfive same great play, but awesome graphics and new special upgrades to unlock.
lentwelve ratingfive just wish the coin value could be unlocked in coin magnet upgrades.
lennine ratingfive addicting and wonderful, little more difficult than the first.
lentwelve ratingone what the freakin freak is wrong whith temple run and temple run 2?!?!
leneleven ratingone i am tired of my stats being deleted for no reason!
lenfifteen ratingone it happend back in the first temple run and now it happens in temple run 2!
leneleven ratingone maybe the people in imangi studio program this things to happen.
lenfourteen ratingone it is a great game but this things makes me want to stop playing.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lennineteen ratingfour only problem is that when you pause it, it comes back too fast if your in the wrong place.
leneleven ratingfour would be nice if it slowed down a little after unpausing
lensixteen ratingfour still getting used to the depth of the graphics compared to no. 1 but it's good!
lentwentyone ratingfive a is for awsome d is for didn't  p is play y is for yet g is for gold stars
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive!
lennine ratingfive thank u temple run creator's and its free!
lenthree ratingfour like the improvements.
lenfifteen ratingfour apparently not meant for my phone, but despite slow startup, it works fine so far.
lenfifteen ratingone it wont work on my phone, i've downloaded it multiple times & rebooted my phone.
lenseven ratingfive more fun, better objectives, keeps you playing
lenthirteen ratingfive i like the original temple run this is a bit boring at times
lenseven ratingfive great improvement to an already great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive i can easily be hours playing it.
lenfive ratingfour cept it laggs a bit
lentwenty ratingfour needs better controls every timei even touch the screen enlese i swipe down it just makes the moster catch up
lenfive ratingfive very addicting game.love it
leneight ratingfive this is so cool you should play this
lenseven ratingthree game is little too hard for beginger
lensix ratingfive i love it yr superb graphics
leneight ratingfour i like the new changes definitely more challenging.
leneight ratingthree but only 3 stars for releasing for ios first.
lenten ratingthree great game, but lags way too much on my optimus.
lenfourteen ratingthree 5 stars if fixed, i can't even play it without dying because of lag. :/
lentwo ratingfive awesome version
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingone purchased a 50 gem pack for five dollars but my gems never showed up.
lensix ratingone also the coins i collect disappear!
lenfive ratingfour a really nice runner game.
lenthirteen ratingthree i love the game but for some reason all my gems are gone!
leneight ratingthree would have given 5 stats but this is annoying!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome.
lennine ratingfive if you don't like then your a poopface.
lenthree ratingfive have fun playing.
lenseven ratingfive and anyone can be try to play.
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics and gameplay
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy the nee advancement!
lenfive ratingfive it's challenging and fun!
lenfour ratingthree package file is invalid
lenthirteen ratingtwo my coins keep resetting so i'm unable to upgrade.please fix this.
lennine ratingfour nice one bt changes required wen we cross levelss
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much.
lenfour ratingfive nice n m hooked.
lentwentyfive ratingthree i turn on my phone and i try loading it and it doesnt work and the day before it does try and fix it please.
lenthree ratingfive this game.wow.
leneight ratingfive what an incredible reinvention it has gone through!
leneighteen ratingfive the new gameplay elements are genius, the cloud city is jaw-droppingly beautiful and the graphics.so sharp!
lentwelve ratingfive thankyou imangi for this wonderful game, you are truly gods of creation!
lenthirtythree ratingfive i think this game is better than the first one,the first one has lives (which is awesome)!and its lighter than the first one as well, plus its a bit more realistic!
lenfour ratingfive nice i like it
lennineteen ratingfour very nice and updated game, but it doesn't have some of the options the original temple run had.
lensixteen ratingone it doesn't even work on my lg thrill 3d from at&t. im uninstalling both versions.
lenseven ratingone if i could rate zero i would!
lenseventeen ratingone after updating to the latest version, i was shocked to learn that my level 7 progress was erased.
leneight ratingone all of my upgrades and coins were lost!
lentwo ratingone bad update.
lenseven ratingone i won't play it a again.
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting ?
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive keeps the mind active.
lenseven ratingtwo lame don't get it so lme
lentwelve ratingfive usually not a huge fan of games but this one is great.
lentwo ratingthree 10,000,000 lifetime meters?
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfive i was waiting for only this type of toughness thnxx
lenseven ratingfive how can they improve on the third?
lenfifteen ratingfive it is so cool and gives u fun freedom from boring apps like pretty baby
lenfive ratingfive this is a cool game!
lentwentysix ratingone nice game,  problem is i purchased 50k coins and ive been waiting over a week for my coins, tried emailing the support team but still no reply!
lenseven ratingfour i like it but it skips alot
lenthree ratingfive equally good sequel
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lennine ratingfive supa thrill, fun nd adventurous game.:!' temple run 2 rckzz ?
leneight ratingtwo it's a great game, a wonderful sequel.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the imangi screen sometimes doesn't load me to the game, it's very laggy (might just be me. droid 3.), and the control doesn't always work.
lenseventeen ratingtwo another note, with the sound and music all the way down, i can still hear the footsteps.
lennine ratingtwo also, how long does the "lasts longer with gems"
lenfourteen ratingtwo i put 5 gems into the magnet earlier, and i'm now down to one.
lensix ratingfive very entertaining and fun to play
leneight ratingone it wont let me play on my phone.
lenfour ratingone its a motorla triumph. :(
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingfive fkn amazing!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive nice graphic according to first one.
lenseven ratingfour maybe some new features could change it.
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenfive ratingfive gems get out sick game
lentwelve ratingfive much better than temple run 1 and is great to see multiple environments.
lenfour ratingfive awesome classic and addicting
lenfourteen ratingone i've un-downloaded and re-downloaded but nothing seems to let it open.
lentwelve ratingone i've deleted other apps to make sure there's enough room.
leneight ratingone it goes to the opening screen the stops.
leneight ratingfive this is my favourite game.just love it.!
lenthree ratingfive really enjoying game!
lentwenty ratingfive great graphics and nice hurdles.i get a real rush playing this game.and its just a lot getter than 1 :)
lenfive ratingfive great game, thoroughly enjoy it.
lenfour ratingfive nice.i like it
lenten ratingfive it was successfully installed but didn't work on a720 model.
lennine ratingfive works great with my device sony ericsson and tablet!
lenthree ratingfive excellency over achieved
lensix ratingfive better than the previous temple run
lenfive ratingfour this game is ansom  boy
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive it takes off all your stress.
leneleven ratingfive my wife used it in between her interviews,  during  placement seasons.
lenfive ratingfive welldone who made the game
lenfive ratingone the tasks and meters stuck.
lenseven ratingone game will not check off 500k coin milestone.
lensix ratingone i want to get to level 9.
lensix ratingone stuck because tasks will not update.
lentwenty ratingone i already downloaded the temple run 2 in my samsung p1000 galaxy tablet direct from google play but it doesn't work.
lensix ratingone can you please resolve this issue?
lensixtyseven ratingthree started sluggish after a couple of days usage :( moving 5 star to 3. my old comment was bellow   ""sluggish, slow, tillt 180?to 0?to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity. tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found. sounds like its not optimized for note 1. the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note. as of now it deserves single star""
lenfortyseven ratingtwo the game is awesome but it has so annoying bug.i cant earn money because every time when im 4 example winned 2000 coins then it not that i didn't receive the coins its even takes from what im already got, until then my review will be 2 stars
lenseven ratingfive do i need to say anything else?
lenfour ratingfive it's practically flawless.
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is soooo addictive don't ya think i have been on it 3 days in a row non stop lol xx
lennineteen ratingfour it's a great game, but i've purchased the 50000 coin pack and it hasn't appeared after 2 days.
lenfive ratingfive it is fun and awsome
leneight ratingthree it is hard but then it get easy
lensix ratingfive best free game in play store.
leneight ratingfour love its graphics,   its music and background sound.
lentwo ratingfour thank god!
lensixteen ratingfour it has levels in the game which keeps the game interesting unlike the temple run 1 :p
lensix ratingfive been playing for a few days.
leneighteen ratingfive if you really want to get a head start get the coin doubler early in your playing days
lentwelve ratingfive all in all, this temple run is by far better than first.
leneight ratingfive but there should be more characters to buy.
leneight ratingfive game also lags abit sometimes but still great!
lenfour ratingone game does not load.
leneight ratingfive do changes with shild protection like temple run 1.
lenseventeen ratingtwo when i open the app it just stays at the start up the crashes please fix please
lensix ratingthree it's shod be more easy!
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lentwenty ratingone it appears as though it is loading up but then it just freezes and goes back to my home screen.
lennine ratingone this was poor game my ph restart this game
lenthirteen ratingfour a few bugs need to be removed and im sure will be removed.
lenfive ratingfour thanq for the wonderful game
lentwentythree ratingfour thanx 4 solving the problem now i can play  best graphics but not much smooth working please can u make it more smooth working.
lentwo ratingfive amaizing, nice.
lenthirteen ratingone backing out of the tutorial is still an issue with a galaxy note.
lensix ratingone no response from support 2 days later.
lenthirteen ratingone btw, can anyone link me to a good tr2 dl for the galaxy note?
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfive i love the challenges and objectives.so much better than the first
leneleven ratingfive loved the first one, but this second one is mind blowing.
leneight ratingfive love the new upgrades and the map layout.
leneighteen ratingfive one thing that i'm sad about is the lack of social network implementation on the android version.
lentwenty ratingfive it would be nice to share the achievements or my score stats with my friends through facebook, twitter or g+.
lenseven ratingfive other than that the game is great.
lenthirteen ratingfive hopefully you guys would add more characters later on or new missions maybe?
lenfive ratingfive thumbs up to the game.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is do fun i play it for hours a day.
lenfourteen ratingfive thr r sme bug but we can adjust wid thm for this wonderful game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great game ! :)
lenseven ratingfive its hard but fun its a adventure
lentwenty ratingfour updating the app still no use,i play my phone,the game keep on blinking and pausing,please help me!
lenthree ratingfour thank a millionare.
lenfourteen ratingfive i don't really like the 3d feel but overall a good game.easily hacked
lenfifteen ratingthree every time i go to make a move city freezes and then kills my character
lenseven ratingfive challenging, and much needed change of scenery.
leneight ratingfive good one.i like the graphics very much.
leneleven ratingthree when we press the back key sometimes gets stuck (on note 2).
lennine ratingthree need to kill the app then.game is good.
lennine ratingfour fun to play, freezes every once in a while
lentwo ratingfour amazing game
lenfive ratingfive far better than the original
lennine ratingfive i love play this game in my  leisure time.
lenfour ratingfive da best game eva!
lentwo ratingfour totally addictive!
lentwo ratingfive supper fun
lenseven ratingfive i can not put this game down!
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing!
lensix ratingfive i just cant stop playing it
lentwelve ratingfive this is not just a minor update on the original temple run.
leneleven ratingfive better graphics, more varied terrain, and a fresh level/upgrade system.
lenten ratingfive its an owsome game so many new graphics its owsome.
lenthirteen ratingfive best is the rail rush includuded in it just love it like hell
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 can say is a good game.
lentwo ratingone amazing game.
lentwelve ratingone so glad that they got that dumb save me glitch fixed up.
leneight ratingone only comment is that its kinda too easy.
lennineteen ratingone the first one is more challenging because once u get to a higher score it doesnt speed up much.
lennine ratingone i got to 7.8 million easy with just a 40x multiplier.
leneleven ratingone it just goes back home when it shows the imangi screen
lenfourteen ratingone had great game going then it restarted from beginning training with that guy -.- uninstall!
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love to play this when im really bored but its still a cool game and just really amusing:) works great for my samsung g3
lentwentynine ratingfive i never used to leave a rate or review in any games or apps, but this tym i cant resist myself to gv this game a perfct 5 in rating.
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics, exciting, entirely addictive game.
lentwelve ratingfive it is one of the best mobile games i've ever played.
lenfive ratingfive addictive and simply great game
leneight ratingone it wont even open on my htc hero
lenfifteen ratingone the game only stays in the beggining screen and forces close in my samsung indulge.
lentwenty ratingone i really want to play this game, plase fix it as i am not the only one having this problem.
lensix ratingfive very nice game than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive i luv to olay it its just wowwwwww.<3
lensix ratingfive and i play it long   time
lenfour ratingfive its lot of fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome hello
lenfive ratingfive works perfectly after the update
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much
leneight ratingone this app doesn't work on my phone
lenseven ratingfive verry verry good game i like it
leneleven ratingfive more fun than tr1 got it what i want thankkx for creation
lenthree ratingfive lol epic game
lenfour ratingfive better thaan temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive best time pass but somewhat addicting too.
lenfour ratingfive keeping these things apart .
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the best game on android and eagrly waiting for temple run 3 !
lenthree ratingfive hats off imangi !
lennine ratingfour this one is as awesome as the earlier version.
leneighteen ratingfour good new powers and all but, this one uses some cpu when i haven't even played it.
lensixteen ratingfour the only app which i have not used, to turn up in my battery usage list.
lenseventeen ratingthree it continuously hangs up.take 100mbs of of ram.and game doesnot pause if any system alerts come
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous version.
lentwo ratingfive hats offfffffffffff
lenten ratingfour hard to put down when you get in the groove.
lenten ratingfour but enough to make you angry inside and keep going.
leneleven ratingthree almost get 6 millions scores, and 1 incoming call (i rejected), game restart.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo love your game but has a lagging problem and it needs fixed cuz i can't even play for 10 seconds before it freezes and i fall off a cliff ,stream or roller!
lenfifteen ratingfour cannot play on my galaxy s! please try and make it work on this phone.
lentwentytwo ratingfour although, i give it a 4-star because i have played this on my friends ipod and it is a really great game!
lenfive ratingfour love the ziplines and minecarts!
lensix ratingtwo it glitches out a crap ton
lenseven ratingfour made me loose my high score of 2million!
lenfour ratingfour this game is fun
lenfour ratingfour better than the predecessor.
lentwo ratingfive lovely game.
leneight ratingfive it is not hard at all its intense
lennineteen ratingtwo temple run 2 is so much better than the original, it has a lot more features and much better graphics.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo however i have had one major issue with purchasing a coin pack, where i was charged and never received what i purchased.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i contacted imangi directly and after a week still have not heard from them!
lensix ratingone doesn't even run on droid 3.
lentwelve ratingone loading screen shows up, then takes me back to my apps page.
lennine ratingfive most mobile games seem like programming 101 students' practice apps.
lennine ratingfive this game and the original tr are quality products.
lentwentytwo ratingfour love the graphics details an awsome game would give it 5 stars but ive had to down load twice cus it stopped running.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive good improved graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app :)
leneight ratingone doesn't open, force closes messes phone up.
lentwo ratingone un installing.
lenthirteen ratingfive buying my droid razr m was worth it just to play this game
lenthree ratingfour good time pass
lenthree ratingfive nice graphic game
lenfour ratingfour little laggy but good
lenthree ratingfive the fuckn baddest
lenfive ratingfive this game is really fun
lennine ratingfour nice game and run smoothly in my moto atrix
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenfour ratingfive better than previous version.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive what can i say excellent game good job.
lenfive ratingfive big upgrade from temple run
lennine ratingfive better than the first one.cant stop playing it
lenfourteen ratingfive i like it very much .five star game .far more better than old version.
lentwo ratingfive rohit indian
lennine ratingone dosent work for sidekick 4g force closes when starting up
lensixteen ratingfive awesome improvement from the first one and is more challenging which is great in my opinion.
lenfourteen ratingfive nice game good tym pass n very interesting also.thnx guys for tis game.
lenfour ratingfive its very nice game.
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game, i am hooked on it like a drug.
lenthree ratingfive loved this game
leneleven ratingtwo it started out fine, but now it won't even open.
lenfour ratingthree the original is better
leneleven ratingfive better than temple run 1.nice graphics.too addicted to this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i didn't like the first very much, have to say very happily surprised.
lensix ratingfive one of my favs all time.
lennine ratingfour graphics are better; scenes are better; routes are groovier!
lenfifteen ratingfour i particularly liked the way that we can control one of the power-ups now.
lentwentyseven ratingfour boost is my favorite :-d  i agreed with some of the other reviews, that there can be some improvements with the objectives, such as more intermediate ones.
leneleven ratingfour i have just one objective left, but it is taking forever.
lenseventeen ratingfour it would be more interesting if there are other things tp do besides trying to run 10 mil.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lenthree ratingfive jus one word.
lenfive ratingfive make addicted must have game
lensix ratingone i cant download to my tablet.
lenthree ratingfour fun time killer
leneight ratingfour fix this, crashes when use gems multiple times
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive i feel quite difficult, but its nice while playing.
lentwelve ratingthree temple run i s a great achievement but messes up i site
lenseven ratingfive like original tr? you will love this.
leneleven ratingfive one caution: weird perspective changes might cause headaches for some players.
lenfive ratingone it wont let me play
lenfive ratingfive just fun like the first
lenseven ratingfive love this game.so fun and addicting!
lentwentythree ratingfive the iconic temple run deserved nothing short of an amazing follow up, a game whose existence both underscored and improved upon the original.
lentwentyeight ratingfive the gameplay is wonderful, the features are rich, and the graphics are outstanding, all in a game that retains the familiar run-collect-enhance concept of the first.
leneighteen ratingfive i will go as far as to say that, if you enjoyed temple run 1, this game is requiem.
leneight ratingfive and to those new to the franchise - welcome.
lentwentyone ratingone so yeah, it's on the title page for like 30 seconds and then goes back to the   home screen.motorola defy
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lensix ratingfive great addictive gameplay, and good graphics.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!
lenfour ratingfive very simple yet fun
lenfour ratingfive wow very good game
lenseven ratingfive awesome thanks for the best game ever
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive i like it better than the first one.
lensix ratingfour decidedly better than the original game.
lenthree ratingfour a worthy successor!
lentwo ratingfive passes time
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i like the idea of the zipline and the tunnels but all of the added details are distracting as well as the slight turns.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it makes it really easy to lose focus and see what's coming next.
lenthirty ratingtwo also, when i first downloaded it, it played fine, but the next day, a couple seconds after the imangi logo came up, the entire app closed all on its own.
leneight ratingone until i tried to change the visual quality.
lenfive ratingone now force closes every time.
lenten ratingone can't get to the menu to change it back!
lenten ratingone still just opens to the title page, and then closes!
lentwo ratingfive extremely fun
leneighteen ratingfive this game was truly a joy to play and it is still after a few hours not boring.
lentwelve ratingfive i love it its funn nd i nevr get bored lol:p
lentwelve ratingfive i think this is the best game i have ever played :) lol
leneight ratingfive great graphics.a very thrilling and exciting game
lenseven ratingfour nice, good and ejoyable to play with.
lenfour ratingfour great for killing time
lenthirteen ratingone i like the new look but the execution is a little bit boring.
leneight ratingfive i realy enjoy playing it  it's amazing
lensixteen ratingthree total coins collected can go down between runs, making it impossible to afford higher  value upgrades.
lenseven ratingthree it is sooooo annoying - please fix this!
lenten ratingfive brilliant can't stop playing harder than you think, great!
lentwo ratingfour simply addicted
lenfour ratingfour i luvs this game !
lenthree ratingfour great new version
lentwo ratingfive loled game
lentwo ratingfive fantastic app
lennine ratingfive good graphics,but not fitted to my galaxy chat
leneighteen ratingfour finally it doesn't lag at the start of the game on my xperia sola thanks so much
lentwo ratingfive vipul kishu
lentwentyone ratingone toooo bad bug i m on 7000000 score.i got call.full game is close n dimond -1 wtf.plz fix the bugs.
lensix ratingfour loved these game.nd amazing levels.
lenfourteen ratingone why i run until 20million point le my objective already achieve still lag at there?
leneleven ratingone it lag al there my next objective can't continue le!
lenseven ratingfive gr8 sequel.very good graphics.lots of adventure.
lenthirteen ratingfive amazing game one of the best games ive played in a long time
lentwentyeight ratingone i find a boost during my run and another one before the first one ends (not my characters powerups) and the second one doesn't extend my boost.
lentwentyfour ratingone the effect was over within a few seconds of picking the second one (both shields i picked during the run. not my power up.)
lenfour ratingfive awesome game 2!:-d play
lenfive ratingfive sometimes lagging.otherwise interesting app.
lenfour ratingfive hai love this games.
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the first one.
leneleven ratingfive probably one of the most addicting game out there for android.
lenthirty ratingfour the game is great graphics are amazing on the s3; its just that when i move my phone to the right to collect the coins it doesn't move the guy.
lenfive ratingfour please fix overall good game
leneight ratingfive tnx guyyss for making the bast game ever.
lensix ratingfive hahaha the game is so fun :))
lentwelve ratingthree good game just freezes from time to time over all good game
lentwo ratingfive amezing yaar.
lenten ratingtwo coins won't increase after the end of every game.
lensix ratingtwo game is great, just needs improvement.
lenten ratingfour the only problem is related to the use of memory.
lenfour ratingfive baby i like it
lenseven ratingfour i cannot download theybkeepnsayn file package invalid
lensix ratingfive you just download it without thinking
leneleven ratingfive i dont care about you ha ha ha ha ha ha
lensix ratingfive need more graphic and design edits
lentwo ratingone sooo bad!
lenfive ratingone really laggy, sensitivity is crap.
leneight ratingone just awful, ipad version is so much better
lentwelve ratingfive new environment, new abilities, better graphics, cool gameplay what else you need .
leneleven ratingthree on the droid, the image looks funny and lags a lot
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwentytwo ratingfive nice little improvements on the first, although id like an option to upgrade coin magnet to increase coin value like the original!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy note 2
lenten ratingfive i don't want to waste my time on commenting.
lenfive ratingfour better than the previous version.
lenten ratingfour dosent consume battery that much.hats off to the team.
lensix ratingfive temple run on the next level.
leneight ratingfour the game has lots of glitches and bugs.
lensix ratingfour and level 9 seems to be unachievable.
lensix ratingfour it's a little too powerful.
lensix ratingfour wish it had more goals too.
lenfour ratingfour super fun time suck.
lentwentysix ratingthree plzzz fix the laggy things when u try to jump or slide its not very quick responsive.on iphone its very quick n responsive.fix it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive ghaint game hai 22
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive more challenge, more fun.
lensix ratingfive its more fun in temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive down load this game.
lenfour ratingfive it won't disappoint
lenfourteen ratingfive great sequel to the first one, graphics are new, yet familiar, still as addicting.
lenseven ratingfive fabulous, this is a must play game.
lentwelve ratingfive it has become no. 1 game will be forever till temple run 3 comes
lensix ratingone doesnt even wrk fucken s)wackass!
lenfour ratingfive i have 500k lifetime coins.
lenfour ratingfive but obejective doesnt update.
lennine ratingfive and some time fall down when i take jump
lenthree ratingfive a lot better
lenseven ratingfive time pass game i love this game
lenfourteen ratingfour i love this game but some error happen when i try to save me.
lenseven ratingfour especially that cost me lots of diamond.
leneight ratingfour than i loose my coins and the diamonds.
lensix ratingfive i just love playing this game
leneight ratingfour why is that my coins are not earning?
leneleven ratingfive yuhoooo after part one i hv gt this and thi is . . . . .
lenthirtynine ratingfive i really get into the first one, but this one is really good it's hard and addictive it's one of them one's where you hate it, but have to get the best score you can get.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive d new graphics r awesme.!
leneight ratingfive n d power upgradations make it more adventurous.! ;-)
lentwenty ratingfour simply addicted   there is bug- if i click back when saying skip the dialog goes and hangs at that state
lensixteen ratingone as i open the game it just shows me the loading page and then force closes!
lenfifteen ratingone i really want to play. . .pls fix and i will give 5 stars. . .pls dont ignore!
lenfive ratingone i really want to play. . .
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addictive.
lenthree ratingfive good time killer.
lentwo ratingfive amaaaaaazing game.
lenfour ratingfive loved it totally.:d
lenten ratingfive brilliant can't stop playing harder than you think, great!
lenseven ratingfour gave 4 star because of some performance issue.
lennineteen ratingfour e.g. if i minimize the game in middle of playing then i need to start the game again.
leneight ratingfour hope it will be fixed in next update.
lenten ratingfive better than any other game out there on the store
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentyeight ratingfour i enjoy the game, got about 1.400.000 but the tilting sensitivity is not good as i have to tilt ma phone 45?in order not to fall off the track.
lennine ratingfour therefore im unable to clearly see whats next lol.
lentwenty ratingfive i could not wait to play this game even better than before kinda easy tho make harder i'll give
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lensix ratingfive this game is better than sex
lenten ratingthree it tends to lag on my phone quite a bit.
lenfive ratingthree that makes the game unstable.
lenten ratingone i purchased an in app upgrade and never received it.
lenthree ratingone complete rip off
lentwo ratingfive nce gme.
lenten ratingfive ws waiting for the game for such a long time.
lenfour ratingfive and da best game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthirteen ratingtwo i have a galaxy nexus and this game hangs like 4 times out of 10.
lenten ratingtwo i have to start it all over again every time.
lenfour ratingtwo i love playing it.
lenthirtyfive ratingone no matter how mutch coins and gems u buy or get you can't get any progress on the game or finish advanced levels so save your money and dont buy any gems or coins
lenten ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive nice game too bad is adictic
leneleven ratingfive love this soo mich! much download must play and totally free!
lennine ratingthree it is an okay game but needs  more charecyets
lenseven ratingfive awesome .just awesome.noo words to say.
lentwo ratingfive *****(5 stars) deserving
lenten ratingfive this game is brilliant i love it its so adictive
lenthirteen ratingfive amazing game with good graphics i hope they come out with temple run 3.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
lenthirtysix ratingfive it's a awesome game, but i can't play temple run 2 from my ideos huawei s7 slim, when the green imangi logo came out, a few seconds later it goes blank and then closed by itself.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfive its amazing i'll recomend you to install it as soon as you can
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfour an awesm game.absolutely addicting.<3
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!@!
lenfortyone ratingthree very addicting n superb game.but .fix the tilting issue.n whats this in the new update.everything is just same but the coins when we collect are going very slowly to the meter point.fix it .it looks very odd.
lentwo ratingtwo nt gud
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingthree except every 3-4 runs it force closes.
lenseven ratingthree fix it, and it gets five stars.
lenfive ratingfive i need some gate breaker
lennineteen ratingthree **bug** there is a bug in **filling up of meter.its slow some times.and some times its fast.
lentwo ratingthree great graphics.
lenthirty ratingthree nice abilities and powerups *performance optimizer is simply good(graphics -> good better best)  ** suggestion/wish-- if we could see facebook friends score and could compete them.it would be great
lenthree ratingfive luv de graphics
leneight ratingfive this is a good running game love it
lennine ratingfive i think this is a great game to play.
lenten ratingfive it is filled with interesting obstacles with lots of fun
lenthree ratingfive superb gaming experience !
lenthirtythree ratingtwo there is way to much going on from broken roofs and tunnels to the ropes to the all of a sudden changes in direction and the sudden drop off not fun at all
leneight ratingfour i love this game the graphics are cool.
lenthirteen ratingfour just hard to complete goals  but i would recommend this game to anyone.
lennine ratingfive but a little sluggish in my google nexus s
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lensix ratingfive very gud app.i luv it.
lenfourteen ratingfive great improvement once i realised that the paths carriedon either way at cliff edges.
lenseven ratingfive im still rubbish but i love it.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingthree i purchased the coin doubler but it doesn't work.
lenten ratingthree and 150000 coins took the money but didn't receive neither.
lenten ratingfour this game is good but not good as temple run 1
lensix ratingfour kept upbthe tradition of temple run 1
leneighteen ratingfour i love playing this game yet it's bit too tight, could you adjust the layout by 800x600 ppzzz.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game
leneight ratingfour i like this game very much.its good.
lenfour ratingfour but to reach lvl 9.
leneleven ratingfour the objectives are too much time taken.please make this 300k coins.
lenseventeen ratingfour and then you can get 5 stars.else than that i am giving 4 stars and yea it deserve!
lentwelve ratingone it dosent open any more after the first game play fix it,
lenthree ratingfour fun and addictive
lenfive ratingfive better than the last game.
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
leneighteen ratingthree great game at first but then gets boring and repetitive which means you end up grinding for coins.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive great working and nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingone what is error 498, most of apps cnt download coz of it, so dissapointed,.
lenthree ratingfive cool.i loveit
lenfour ratingthree the runner runs fast
lenthree ratingfour very intresting game
lenfourteen ratingfive who didn't try this yet, i am greatly recommend you to try it
lenthirteen ratingfive best game went even better with temple run 2.simply can't stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive great time waster!
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphics and physics :-)
lentwo ratingfive crazy game.
lensix ratingfive awesome this is a great game
lentwelve ratingfive best entertaining game ever played!can't stop playing.plz "save me"!
lenthirteen ratingthree but the game each time i exit from it all my score disappeared!
lensix ratingthree please help to solve my problem!
lenthree ratingthree samsung galaxy s
lentwentyfour ratingfour brilliant for passing the time hours of fun trying to beat your score.graphics are amazing you actually feel as though your running yourself
lentwo ratingfive wonderful grafix
lensix ratingfive awesome game.addictive difficult then previous 1.
lenten ratingfive please make the game work on sony xperia tipo dual
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingthree good game for mobile user
lenten ratingfive make this game compatible to sony xperia neo l plsss
lenthirteen ratingtwo payer dies during jumping.its jumps sideways and sound problem during taking gem
lennine ratingfour please add more characters but the gameplay is awsome
lentwelve ratingfour for some reason when i get to about 3000 coins they just disappear.
lenseven ratingfour other than that i love the game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics is excellent.
lenseventeen ratingfive great game better than the first 1 enjoying the heck out of it play it all day long
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingthree looks like there is a problem.
lenthree ratingthree hangs a lot.
lensix ratingfive bigger and better in every way.
lentwentytwo ratingfive its way better than tr1 more challenging and tottaly addictive, well worth the download i would highly reccomend if u like running games :-)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive hattes off for this game.
lenfour ratingfive i call this awesome !
lennine ratingone it crashes every tym i try 2 open d app.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive fantastic game and is really addictive,  great levels
lenseventeen ratingfour this is a great sequel, but the only problem is around when i start up the game.
lentwelve ratingfour it seems to stay on the company icon for a long time.
lenthirteen ratingfour the only way out of it is to lock then unlock my phone.
lentwelve ratingfour if you could fix this, maybe my review would have been better,
lenten ratingone it was successfully installed but didn't work on a720 model.
lenfive ratingfive nice game i like it
leneight ratingfive great and addictive much smoother than it predecessor
lenten ratingone i purchased an in app upgrade and never received it.
lensix ratingone i contacted imangi inquiring about it.
lenthree ratingone complete rip off
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive raw game
lensix ratingfour dis its a really fun game.
lenfour ratingfour can't stop playing
lenthree ratingfour needs more characters
lenten ratingfive better graphics and a reason for us to keep playing
lenthree ratingfive best time waster.
lenthirteen ratingfive solid performance on my phone, no stutter/lag issues and amazingly detailed graphics.
leneight ratingfour i really lyk dis game it's interesting
lentwo ratingfive absolutely fantastic.
lennine ratingfive luv the rope n trolley in the tunnel updations.
lensix ratingfive the graphics r also very gd.
lentwo ratingfive exciting objectives.
leneleven ratingfive a great n must to hv a game on ur smartphine!
lenten ratingfive having the real experience to play with the amazing grapics.
lenseventeen ratingfive doesnt fix my layout screen on my galaxy s advance and my 500k lifetime gold objective doesnt updating
lenthree ratingfive a perfect sequel
lenfifteen ratingone game won't open lg optimus black simply forces you out on loading screen disappointing.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is amazing i loved it its so cooler than no.1    love,          eryn cox
lenfour ratingfour ya since to play.
lenten ratingfive a big hats off to the creator of this game
lenthree ratingfour hard bit enjoyable
lenthirteen ratingtwo this game looks great but it lags way too much on my galaxy s3.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i would love to play more but it's too frustrating right now.
lenthree ratingfive great new version
lensix ratingfour this indeed is a fun game.
lenseventeen ratingfive awsum game.superp.smtyms it got slow.in my phn.in sony xperia j.plz fix it.
lensixteen ratingfour played it once and the game keeps on crashing on my atrix whenever i opened it.
lensix ratingfour hope theres a fix on this.
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lennineteen ratingone freezing st end of game and needs yo be reset also doesn't keep track of coins  on my s3.
lenten ratingfour sometimes my game closes when i click on save me.
lenthree ratingfive class, really addictive.
lentwelve ratingfive would love to see the high score board tgats on iphone versions
lenthirteen ratingfive overall 10/10 for this game.there is minor lag on xperia miro, but acceptable!
lenthirteen ratingfive thank you for the back button fix but add a sensitivity option too!
lenthree ratingfive high score 14.2 million.
lenfour ratingfive just awsm.its better.
leneight ratingfour coins collected do not show in the tally.
lensix ratingfour unable to collect coins and upgrade.
lensix ratingfive covers everything that temple run 1 missed.
lenthree ratingfive love playing it.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are beautiful.
lennine ratingfour lags a bit on my device.1ghz, pls fix tnx
lennine ratingfive my fav pass time thanx to temple run team!
lenfour ratingfive nice game to play .
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever !
lenfive ratingfive i'm lovin' this game.
lenthree ratingfive download n enjoy
lenthirtythree ratingfour it's a great game but in tue powerups it won't allow me to upgrade the magnet with my gems even though it says i have some in the top right corner.
lentwo ratingfive 8888888888888456368228 e8bgcxcvsjddjjejjsjrrjdjdjdndndbbf4i4i39393939393939393393939933     jejejjeneneneene ehejribienrrjrjmdi
lensixteen ratingfour wicked game, better than the first although there are still some minor issues which need monitoring!
lentwo ratingfive exellent game
lennine ratingfive never works for some reson when i downloaded it
lentwelve ratingfour no one can bit temple run.want more functionality in the game.
lenfive ratingtwo after 3-4 plays, coins keeps resetting.
lenthree ratingtwo cant make upgrades.
leneleven ratingthree been playing this game for the last week or so obssesivly.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree made it to level 8 and my next 3 achievements are 1.000.000 life time coins, 500.000 life time coins and 10.000.000 meters at wich point i see no more use in playing the game as this is just hardcore grinding.
lentwentyfive ratingthree the game could use more achievements so that when you get to do 10.000.000 life time meteres you'll already have 4,5 mil not 1 like i do.
lentwentyone ratingthree also picking up a power up like magnet when you already have it does not add extra time like it should.
lensix ratingfive i love it way a goo
lensix ratingfive it's very fun and exciting.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive it is so cool totally worth downloading!
lentwelve ratingfive i love it it is challenging and i love a good challenge!
leneighteen ratingfive fully optimized for nova thor 1ghz dual core u8500 cpu and the mali 400 gpu works perfect on full graphics now.
lenfive ratingfive sony xperia u running android 4.0.4
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lensix ratingfive runs so smoothly on my nexus 4.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingtwo it just keep on loading and then, it closes automatically.
lenten ratingtwo i really wanna play it but i just can't
leneleven ratingfive awesome graphics fabulous game fantastic game play special characters i give 5/5
lenfourteen ratingfive wicked game very addictive very good game well made keep up the good work.
lentwelve ratingfive it is so fun you run jump.you can get new people
lentwo ratingfive super game
leneleven ratingfive still trying to get hang of it but totally love it!
lensixteen ratingfive now i have to catch up in temple run because i've been playing tr2 so much!
lenfive ratingfive now that's temple run.
lennineteen ratingfive lots of turns, twists and tunnels, river flowing and this time a giant monster trying to munch you out.
leneight ratingfive the drum beat and music is amazing too.
lenfive ratingfive menu is a bit quirky.
lennine ratingone i get killed alot due to glitching, thank you!
lenthree ratingfive suitable for andorid 4.0.4
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingone why i can't download this games,,,? please i want play this games,,,,!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingfour could be better if there is a way to adjust sensitivity
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive fentastic game.
lenthree ratingfive and excellent graphics.
lenten ratingfive this is a good game i cant even stop playing
leneleven ratingfive i don't exactly think its boring its actually pretty fun!
lenseven ratingfive so much better, no lagging, great experience
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy note 2
lensix ratingfive everything about this game is great.
lenten ratingfive after the update the game runs smoothly on xperia tipo:)
lensix ratingfour fun, fast paced, time killing entertainment.
lenfourteen ratingfive would be great if we could link it to facebook and compare our scores.
lenfourteen ratingfour love the game, but why does it take so much of my battery life.
leneleven ratingfour even while charging my phone and playing it goes down fast
lenfive ratingfive best app ever times newsz
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game.
lenfive ratingone keeps telling me package invalid.
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is an absolutely wonderful step up from the first temple run.
lenthirtyone ratingfour it is well-ballanced so players can enjoy the game without buying a single thing but at the same time allows people cash to burn an outage to burn it on.
lentwelve ratingfour it is very fun and addicting, but there are a couple nuisances.
lentwentytwo ratingfour for example, when upgrading a power up with gems, the acclaimed price on the screen remains 1 gem, but the actual price increases.
lenseventeen ratingfour once several of these easy to fix bugs are taken out, my rating will change to 5 stars. :)
lensixteen ratingfour if u are up for a running challenge then this is the game.fun to play
lenfour ratingthree i cant update it!
leneight ratingthree it said that the package file is invalid.
lenseven ratingfive awesome.but hangs sometimes.pl fix it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfour nice new features but it has  been being really laggy recently.
lentwo ratingfive awesome period
lenfifteen ratingthree it have also twice charged me for 75.000 coins when buying ability upgrades that cost 50.000 coins.
lennine ratingthree there is also several minor, but stll annoing bugs.
lenten ratingtwo but all my score reset again all back to zero!
lenseven ratingfive exciting, fun, lively and almost too realistic.
lenten ratingfive easier to achieve objectives than in the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfour nice but something missing
lenfour ratingfour getting addicted with this.
lenfive ratingfour great way to waste time. :)
lensix ratingfour a great update to temple run 2.
leneleven ratingfour i wish there was at least 1 other map to run on.
lenseven ratingfour that would definitely keep the game fresh.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise, still great
lennine ratingfour would be better if it doesn't stop working
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingone can't open the app on my htc desire.
leneleven ratingone it comes up with imangi logo then returns me to homescreen.
lennineteen ratingone tried it on other people's phones and it was a great game but won't work for me
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing ouuuuffffff
lensix ratingfour the game is good and addictive.
lenseven ratingfour but i can't accumulate the coins.
leneight ratingfive it's best game i've ever played
lenten ratingfive beautiful graphics.game is full of fun!have it guys
lenthree ratingfive i love genesis.
lenthirteen ratingfive good animation and creativity.wonderfull game to play.hats off to the creator
lenfive ratingfive game is really good fun.
lensix ratingfive can use enhanced graphics on galaxy s3.
leneleven ratingthree 500k lifetime coins objective is still not completed though i'm on 500k+.
lentwentythree ratingone the game doesn't even open on my phone it opens to the screen with the green exclamation point thing but then crashes
lenthree ratingtwo so bloody lag
lenfour ratingfive good for short blast
lenfive ratingfive brilliant upgrade to the original !
lenseven ratingfive wow, best i got on play store.
lennine ratingfive addictive at its extreme, u can't leave it.
lensixteen ratingfive doesnot matter where you are, a few minutes of free time and here is temple run.
lenten ratingfive great work guys, keep it up n keep this free!
lenthree ratingfive tons of fun
lenten ratingfive very fun and much nicer to look at than temple run1.
lentwo ratingfive saya suka.
lentwo ratingfive saya suka.
lenfive ratingfour better thn d previous one:-)
lensix ratingthree this game need too much ram.
lensix ratingthree some time use more than 180mb ram.
lenfive ratingthree im really wating for it.
lensixteen ratingtwo i'm glad it's for android but it freezes and won't let me play.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo i have only played it once because it will go to the first screen with the eye, then it will go back to my home screen .i am deleteing this appear!
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game!
leneight ratingfive lots funner than the first one, totally addicting!
leneight ratingfive addictive game havent had any problems with this
leneight ratingone it is not working on my lg  3d stereoscopic.
lentwo ratingone cant play.
leneight ratingone the moment i try to run it crashes
lennineteen ratingthree ok so it won't work on my android it keeps zooming in and can't play please fix
lentwo ratingfive fabulous graphics.
lennine ratingfive i like it more than than the old one
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lentwentytwo ratingfour great game i loved the first one and this is a good sequel does get a bit tricky in the mines though
lenten ratingfive just one word i can say about dis game awesome
lenfour ratingfive love the new look.
lentwentyeight ratingone just as i downloaded it when i taped onr that game it is not loading fix it please improve the major improvements by two weeks need to play
lenthree ratingfive real fun game
lentwentytwo ratingthree im just so mad i want to this game because of the laaaaaaaags but couldnt help it my phone would be included
lennine ratingfive i love this game, this game kills my loneness.
lenthree ratingfive amazing on android
lentwo ratingfive amazing smooghbess
lentwo ratingfive soooo nice
lensix ratingfive is very useful in boring times!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun.
lenfive ratingfour why so long no update?
lentwelve ratingone every time i start the app it vibrates twice then force closes
lenfive ratingfour this is a great app.
lentwentyone ratingfour but i think it's better if you would add the invisibility and the other characters in the first temple run.
leneight ratingfour i would give 5 stars if you add them.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love this game, and i like how u can pay to save ur self with diamonds
lenseven ratingfive awesome temple run 2 is awesome download it
lenfour ratingfive its very interisting game
lenten ratingfive well made game even though i still found some bugs .
leneleven ratingfour nice game, would be perfect if can show friend's score
lenfour ratingfive excellant game, cannot stop
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive awesome to the max
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwelve ratingone u should even care about small android devices.with 256mb ram and 240*320 resolution
lenfive ratingfive really good game, worth downloading!
lennine ratingfive also very addicting trying to beat high scores :d
lentwo ratingfour **** fun game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfifteen ratingfive the updated 3d brings that extra pocket fun whether sitting at home or on the move.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
leneleven ratingfour love this game, just wish it had different boards and sense.
lenfifteen ratingone i enjoy the first one, saw this and thought i would give it a try.
lensix ratingfive awesome game, better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingfive keeps my kids and i happy when the wife is shopping.
lenthree ratingfive its sssooo addicting
lensixtyone ratingfive i loved temple run1and temple run2is amazing too.the only problem im facing while using this app on my galaxy s3 is that the game gets stuck at times n wont exit or go bak to the main menu while hitting the back button.i had to uninstall n reinstall about 4times.this makes me loose all my coins n gained power.please fix this.
lenfive ratingfive fun game never gets old
lenseventeen ratingfive what a fantastic game you made  i admire your game making talent   keep up the good work
leneight ratingthree collected 5 lacs coins but objective not getting removed.
lenfifteen ratingtwo god dang update cleared all my data off my game, i was so far in
leneight ratingfive just waiting for the 3rd part of the game.
lenseven ratingfive want invisibility power back in the game.
leneleven ratingfive still the game is improved and i enjoy playing the game.
lenfour ratingfive great game at all.
lenfour ratingfive really fun to play.
lentwelve ratingone it kept closing out when i would try to load the game.
lenthirteen ratingone maybe it's my phone but it sucks cause i wanted it lol
lenseventeen ratingone hey, nice bug fixes, except for the huge problem that my phone can't run this game.
lenfour ratingfive excellent grafics and creations.
leneight ratingfive the best way to kill the idle time.
lenfour ratingfive more ratings than temple run1.
leneight ratingfive lethal game my friends and i luv it
lenfour ratingone stupid don't download
lenseven ratingfive wonderfull game for tab am enjoying it.
lenthree ratingfour a bit laggy.
lensix ratingfour temprun 2 is really better than brave.
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous one
lenseventeen ratingfive ad the temple run got many downloads so imangi decided to launch another one good work imangi!
lentwo ratingfive maganda pala
lennine ratingfive it's very interesting game on samsung galaxy tab 2
lenthree ratingfive awesome game.lovely
leneight ratingfive just loved it playind on my sg note 2
lenseven ratingfive why i am addicted to temple run.
lennine ratingfour good game, graphics, interface but cras problem littel bit.
leneighteen ratingfour on the turns its a little stiff and laggy but besides that its everything the first ones not
lennine ratingfour the controls are too good but it's awesome
lenfour ratingfive like it a lot.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfour equally as good as original
lensix ratingfive addicting.need to achieve my max
leneight ratingfive vry nice game awesome  stunnig grphics and gameplay
lenfive ratingfive its the craziest game ever.:):):)
lentwelve ratingfive i thought the first was amazing but this adds so much more!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its best game.!
lensixteen ratingfive im on twitter @ashidurkar u can follow me  shere ur views about this game with me.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingfive beautiful and very much better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive great game:)
lenfour ratingfive its graphics is lol.
lenseven ratingfive the game is interesting and so amazing.
lentwentysix ratingthree when i'm already powered up and pick up the same power up again, the character loses power instead of new duration of the power up.
leneleven ratingfour not able to open the game on samsung galaxy tab gt p1000.
lennine ratingfour when tried to open it closes on its own.
lennine ratingfour please resolve this then i will give a 5 star
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentytwo ratingfive yapiieee was waiting 4 dis as i played it on my i phone & nw itz here most amazing game thank-you so much
lenfour ratingfive this game is terrific.
lentwelve ratingfive its features are great and u will so get addicted to it!
lensix ratingfive love the new and improved game.
lenthree ratingfive txtxtcfgbog kg ifxitxitxirxitxotxotxoycububibuvlycotcotxotxotxot.
lentwentythree ratingfive g t. t if to g to it itt tf t it i if it if r fi t r ri or ir
lennineteen ratingthree the control almost locks up for some time (especially the tilt control) when the big monkey is behind me!
lensixteen ratingthree the main imangi screen doesn't display full.it is cut from both the vertical sides!
lenfive ratingthree so pls fix it imangi!
lenfour ratingfive wow good game 5 stars!
lennine ratingone still vibrates 5 times then force close after the update
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive it is difficult than temple run 1  but more interesting
lenten ratingfour this one is way better than 1st one.i like it
lensix ratingfour the sound could not be muted.
lenseven ratingfour however i reduce the volume to nil.
leneight ratingfour i'll give 5 star if it's resolved
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentyseven ratingfive i love this app but my cousin said she tried to get it on her phone and she has a samsung s3 but it is an awesome app
lennine ratingfour there is some missing stuff in these game (glitches)
lennine ratingfour the temple run 2 can,t play on my phone .
lenfifteen ratingfour by  temple run  running on my  phone.i need temple run 2  in my xperia x  10.
lentwo ratingfour giving suggation.
lenfour ratingone my game never saves.
lenseven ratingone every time i play it starts over.
lentwentyfour ratingfive iam a samsung galaxy tab user i'll sayed mind blowing coz it is excellent than other running games and it's first part
lentwenty ratingfive its fun exciting and  keeps you on your toes me and my kids enjoy challengin each other on our runs!
lenfive ratingthree everytime i play it freezes
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwentyfive ratingfive everything is great with dis game bt only one small problem sumtime the touch effect is nt soo smooth specially wen going right n left. .
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingone it simply crashes in my neo v! is someone else havin proablems?
lenfour ratingfive to be indiana jones.
leneleven ratingtwo every time i use a save me jewel my game crashes.
lenseven ratingfive d graphics are good than temple run 1
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game better den previous version wid excellent graphics works well on my xperia j.
lenthirteen ratingfive it is really a nice game better than the old version of it.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenseven ratingfive excellent game, and surprisingly good great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive great game, love it!
lentwenty ratingfive only problem i experience is when i put the silent setting on, the sound of the footsteps is not silenced.
leneighteen ratingfour awesome second version but even with sound volume set to 0 it is making button noises and running noises.
leneight ratingfive this app has got improved graphics and animations.
lensix ratingfive making it more fun to play.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game,!
leneighteen ratingfive great improvement since the first game i wasn't expecting this much difference and its still awesomely fun!
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive great hai yar
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive better than the first one, hope you'll make a third one!:)
lenfive ratingfive good upgradation of the game.
lentwo ratingfive challenge accepted!
lenthree ratingfive save me more
lenfour ratingfive its awesome to play.
lenseven ratingfour but lags and glitches wayyy too much.
lenthree ratingfour over 4 mill whatsuppp!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingfour nice game but the first version was the legend
lenfive ratingfive nice but long to download
lensix ratingfive xperia sola floating touch bug resolved!
leneight ratingfive the issue of save me has been fixed.
leneight ratingfive so, it is again a five star game.
lentwo ratingfive superb experience.
leneight ratingfour good game but it can be improved further
lenten ratingone i cant even play because it won't  even load
lentwo ratingfive superb gaming
lenthree ratingfive like a boss
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run
lenfourteen ratingfive very entertaining though it is still the same thing refreshed like call of duty.
lenfourteen ratingfive love this game my husband and i compete to see who can do better!
leneleven ratingfive loved the 1st temple run, temple run 2 is amazing and even better!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lennine ratingfive i enjoy this much more than the first one!
lenfive ratingfive why want this game play?
lenfour ratingfive highly addictive and fun
lennineteen ratingthree fantastic mind blowinggg great fun time passs new features love itt but it stuckss a lot please fix it
leneight ratingfive great game new place zip lines tunnels awesome
lenseven ratingfive very nice.more entertaning than tample run 1
lensix ratingfour this game is so fun! :d
lenfive ratingthree this one is more challenging.
lensixteen ratingthree its difficult to score which keeps to hooked to the game to set a new record.
lennine ratingthree however i liked the wings of temple run 1 better
lenthree ratingfive fun and challenging!
lenfive ratingfive especially in the mines! :d
lenfifteen ratingone plz resolve the problem app was started but after few seconds returned to main menu
lenseven ratingfive excellent game .new one is more fun.
lenfive ratingfive my everyday anti-stress habit!
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive it is so much better than the normal temple run.
lenfive ratingfive everyone must get temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive i hope they make temple run 3!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive nice and attractive game.
lennine ratingtwo the game us nt cmng prply on my fone
leneight ratingfive i just have become addicted to this game.
lennine ratingfive can't help playing this in my spare time.
lenthree ratingfive it simply rockssssss.
lentwelve ratingfive just when you thought the first one was crazy,addicting, and awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive its nice game better than temple run 1 so i rate it 5 stars
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenten ratingfour still have 2 completed objectives stuck on current objectives screen though.
lentwenty ratingfour also, when a power up is picked when one is active, the time on it doesn't reset like in tr1.
lennine ratingone wont even get pass the  startup on my phone
lenthree ratingfour very nice game
lentwentyone ratingthree game is great.but i dont seem to receive my gems although i bought a 50 pack gem recently.pls fix this
lenfourteen ratingfive loved it , but now it's not even loading , i enter it crashes out :(
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenfive ratingfive quite better then earlier version.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is better than the first one but both of them are fun.
lensix ratingfive you should totally download this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesum graphics.
leneight ratingfive on d downside tilting sensitivity is an issue.
lenfive ratingfive what else do you need!
lenfive ratingfive must play all u people.
lenfive ratingfive i really like the game.
lentwentythree ratingfive every object comes so surprisingly sometimes and invites me to try again and i meant that this is a fun and addictive game.
lenfive ratingfive play it no other words
lenthirteen ratingone i think temple run is something that there should only be one version :-(
lenfive ratingfour good needed still more graphics
lenfive ratingfive add a plug for facebook :-)
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lenthree ratingfive its awesome game
lensixteen ratingone for some reason every time i go.to download it, it cones up with package failure.
lennine ratingone any suggestions for how i can get this game?
leneleven ratingfour fun game, but recently it hasn't been letting me turn.
lenseven ratingfour every time i try, he jumps instead.
lenfive ratingfive nice game with hd & 3d n 4free.
lentwelve ratingfive working vry smoothly on my karbonn a21 ics.vry gud graphics.thnks developers
lentwo ratingthree lumayan lah
lentwo ratingfive visually enthralling
lenfive ratingfour good game to kill boredom
lenthree ratingfive thanks fir it
lenfour ratingfive come play temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive very nice job on this game!
lentwelve ratingfive a bit more difficult than the first one but still very fun.
lentwo ratingfive top game.
leneight ratingfour its little difficult to move left and right.
lenseven ratingfour other than that its temple run mania.
lentwentyseven ratingfour on this version you can't change the sensitivity and often there are two hazards too close to each other so you cannot possibly avoid the second.
lenten ratingfour still, i've spent a lot of time playing this!
lentwo ratingfive worth playing
lenfour ratingfive that bih hard af
lenfour ratingfive graphics has been revamped.
lenseven ratingfive must have app for all android users.
lenten ratingfive i would love to see few location updates(climates etc).
lennineteen ratingfive only problem with the game is same powers when used at the same time, one of them gets canceled.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenseven ratingfive way more fun than the first one
lenfour ratingfive awsome game so entertaining.
lenthree ratingfive addictive and brilliant!
lenthirteen ratingfive gameplay is amazinq & it doesn't crash at all on my samsung stellar
lenseven ratingone it downloaded but it  won't open.
lennine ratingone the green i comes up but then closes out.
lentwelve ratingone i have uninstalled and reloaded it but it still won't work.
leneleven ratingfive as a sequel this game still has new things to offer.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game to play.
lenthree ratingfive nice time pass
lenseventeen ratingthree its great an all but i don't like how it takes some of my coins away.
lenfour ratingfive best game on android.
lenfour ratingfive runs greatly on my s2
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenseven ratingthree very different kind of harder but fun.
lenthirteen ratingthree it freezes every now and then but for the most part runs smooth
lenfifteen ratingfive i had no idea tablet/android games could be so fluid and look so phenomenal!
lennine ratingfive this is an amazing game.u will love it
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run 1
leneleven ratingfive loved the first one and this one is better thank you!
lenseventeen ratingfive i wasn't much of a fan of the first one, but this one has me hooked.
leneight ratingfive warning: highly addictive, but satisfies your gaming pleasure.
lentwentyfive ratingfive super one nice to play very funny i dont no wat some one says about the game but tis s sooo.gud thank u guys.
lentwo ratingfive crazy addicting.
lenfourteen ratingtwo there is too much in-game waiting, and it's overly pushy with purchases.
lenfour ratingtwo additionally, the "bigger monkey"
lentwo ratingtwo obscures vision
lenthree ratingfive highly addictive game
lenfourteen ratingfive much better than the previous temple run  .and more challenging with new diverse obstacles
lenseven ratingone it won't open on my phone.
lensix ratingone i uninstalled and reinstalled many times.
lentwelve ratingone it just goes back to my homescreen every time i open it.
lenfive ratingfour tough to get the powers.
lenten ratingone i had 100000+ points, 10 gems, almost 12000 coins, and i paused it.
leneleven ratingone when i pressed play it restarted it and erased my score.
lennineteen ratingthree its a fun game but whenever i try to jump i always hit pause and it is kinda annoying
lensix ratingfive nice graphics n smooth to play
lennineteen ratingfive this game looks mighty fine but ma baby keeps force closing before i even get a chance to play.
lennine ratingfive i have an lg esteem running android 2.3.4 please fix.
lenfour ratingtwo i'm randomly dieing.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo obstacles are to close togeter the little leges you can go around will have gravity and pull me towards them plus turning is unresponsive!
lenfive ratingfive one of my favorite games.
lenten ratingfive i love that you play the next game so fast.
lensix ratingfive great graphics great gameplay just greatttttt
lenseven ratingfive much improvement over the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are beautiful.
lenten ratingfive gameplay is smooth whereas in tr1 it was a bit choppy.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the only input problem i have is with the tilt i have to lean my phone over really far as opposed to in the first temple run.
lenten ratingfive other than that the rest of the inputs work flawlessly.
lenfour ratingfive great job on this.
leneight ratingfive looking forward to seeing what you do next.
lenfour ratingfive awsummness cannot be explained.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive awesome app.addicting
lensix ratingfive way better graphics than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfour better thn the frst one.enjoyin it :-)
lentwentyfour ratingthree after i play the game a few times, then go back to play it again, the game force closes before it can fully open.
lenfourteen ratingthree other than that i love the game and wanna be able to play it!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwenty ratingfive despite the graphic improvements, there's noticeable delay of approximately 0.5 sec to the moves, which makes it difficult to play.
lenthree ratingfive soooo much fun!
lenfive ratingfive most modern graphics and action!
lentwo ratingfour awsome game.
lenfive ratingfive this awesome game for free?
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is much better than the original but there as 're bugs.
lenten ratingfour i have over 600k coins but hasn't completed the 500k objective.
lentwelve ratingfour often a jump is made and the character falls in mid air.
lenten ratingfour but over all it is a good waste of time.
lennine ratingfour but there are lots of other much better games.
lenfour ratingfive feel like indiana jones!
lentwo ratingfour simply wonderful
lensix ratingfive like it like it like it
lenfortytwo ratingfour i have the game on my tablet and when-ever i die the scren just goes black and flashes ,so i uninstalled the app and a while later i re.installed it but nothing changed ,it's still freezing and going black.
lensixtyfive ratingfour my friends have the games on their tablets also and their temple run 2 is also like this.it is a good game but if you don't fix it people will stop playing it and it will get no rates.i really like the game but because of it,s freezing i can't play it proper.please fix this and i play it again
lenfourteen ratingfive i absolutely love this game!its so much better than the first temple run!
leneleven ratingfive i play this game like 24/7 this is the best game ever ?
lenten ratingfive very thrilling, i guess its something for grown ups lol
lentwentyone ratingthree but please pay attention to the previous comments of the players about the coin issue as i also experience the same.
lentwentytwo ratingthree so tired of collecting coins to upgrade my abilities because i don't know where my coins go after 3 or 5 games.frustrating!
lenfour ratingfour super addictive.,  excellent graphics
lennineteen ratingone it lags in my ipad doesent does that you guys should change that last_kings       last_kings           last_kings
lenfive ratingfour it doesnt run smooth sometimes.
lenfive ratingfour as addictive as temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingfive much better with the addition of bonuses and new things to avoid.
lenfive ratingfour good game overall very addictin
lenten ratingfive graphics are aw3some , and loved the rope swing and rail ride.
lensix ratingfive thumbs up to the developer team.
lensix ratingthree laggy input on the galaxy note
lenthree ratingfive time goes fast.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingthree fun game.
lentwentyseven ratingthree one complaint is that when i use the coin magnet power up then pick up a coin magnet it doesn't add any time to the ability.
lenseventeen ratingthree it should either ads the time to the end or start the clock over on the magnet.
lensix ratingfive an superb game.keep it up
lenfour ratingfive better den last installment
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive pou is a game
leneight ratingfive this game must be the greatest game ever.
lentwelve ratingfive no matter how hard you try you just cant find any mistakes
lenfive ratingone the game won't start.
lenten ratingthree the game has improved in comparison to the first one.
lensix ratingthree but we need accelerometer sensibility options.
lenfourteen ratingthree i need to move my htc one x drastically for the character to move.
lenten ratingfive this game is the bests game evererererererer innnnnnnn  the  wooorrrrrlllllllddddddd.
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much.
lensix ratingfive good game but needs some improvement
lenfive ratingthree enjoyable but freezes some times
lennine ratingtwo the game us nt cmng prply on my fone
lenten ratingfive it is a great the twist and turns are amazing
lentwelve ratingfour could make it that you don't have to pay for gems
lenfour ratingfour good game, love it.
leneight ratingfour however, this morning, my objectives just stopped working.
lennine ratingfour they no longer pop up to show my progress.
lenfour ratingfive deserving the excellent rating.
leneight ratingfive a lot diffrnt frm z 1st one.even better
lenten ratingthree does not respond very well to my galaxy note ii.
lenfifty ratingone even after stating tat the bug related to repeated tasks is fixed i see they are repeated - already cleared tasks still shown as uncleared - if a power is acquired again while first instance of that is active it doesnt work - fix all of these and i ll make it 5 star.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it way better than the first more of an adventure, and more choices u can upgrade your abilities and it hella fun
lentwelve ratingfive this game is very addicting as the original temple run is too.
lenthirteen ratingfive this temple run has better graphics and i like the train ride also.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is ever so slightly harder than the original temple run but overall brilliant.
leneight ratingone plz fix i want to play this game.
lenfive ratingfive save me count showing wrongly
lenfifteen ratingone it's runing very slowin xperiya neo v ics 4.0.4 1 ghz processor pls fix the bugs
lenfourteen ratingfive quick thumbs up for this new version, just to stop the nag pop ups.
lenfifteen ratingfive liking it a lot, wish there was a bit of a change in scenery though
lenfive ratingfive hall of games: temple run 2
lenseven ratingone i wanted to give it zero stars
lennine ratingfive very addictive and more improved from the first one.
lennineteen ratingthree great game but getting aggravated because everytime i get over 3000 coins they disappear and drop down to under 200.wtf.
lensixteen ratingthree would give it 5 stars if that didn't happen.i can't advance in the game
lenthirtyone ratingfive unlike the first generation, if you have a coin magnet and get another one, it just doesn't count, it made me unwilling to go for the poweups i already activated.
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics are too good i like it more than temple run super like
lenthree ratingfive bakwas super flop ! ?
lenfive ratingfour dn evn let me dwnload
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive glitches sometimes but other than that great
lentwo ratingfive excellent sequel!
leneight ratingfive more to do on 2 and very few gliches.
lenseven ratingfive farrrr better than the previous templ run.
lentwo ratingfive awsm graphicss.
lenfive ratingfive i don experience any lag.
lenthirteen ratingfour i think it is definitely a step up from the original temple run.
lenfive ratingfour the graphics are pretty cool.
lenforty ratingfour the only complaint i have is that when you are using a power up (say, the coin magnet) if you come across the same power up and get it, it doesn't add to the previous one, elongating the time.
lennine ratingfour you could do that in the original temple run.
lenten ratingfour other than that, i definitely enjoy playing.its quite addicting. :)
lenfive ratingone i hate when it lags .
lenfive ratingfour die game is nogal kwaai
lennine ratingtwo there are a lot of bugs to be fixed.
lenseventeen ratingtwo sometimes it goes crazy on speed after the powerup ends or i fall through the floor instantly.
lensix ratingtwo objectives don't work properly also
leneleven ratingfour great game but sometimes it just starts skipping and i die.
lensix ratingfour do i need say something more?
lenseven ratingfour graphics are good .overall a good game .
lenfive ratingfive love the new temple run.
leneleven ratingfive if only could follow through the objectives to prevent repetition though
lensix ratingfive the update is great love it
lentwelve ratingfour very minor glitches causes me to die every once in a while.
lentwenty ratingfour update,  game is continuing to freeze up my phone forcing me to take my battery out to reboot my phone.
lenfour ratingfour using a samsung conquer 4g.
lenseven ratingfour overall it's a lot of fun.
lenfive ratingfour fantastic job on the game
lenfour ratingfive truely loving this game.
lenthree ratingfive amazing gaming experience.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenthirtyeight ratingfour it crashes and freezes on my htc explorer and sometimes i have to take out the battery to start the phone because it freezes too and also my data gets lost in the process or if i update.
lentwentyseven ratingfour u should put some save feature in it and also the objectives have problems like they don't complete and checked even if i have done them.
leneleven ratingfour so please work put all the bugs and carefully update it.
lenfifty ratingfive i love this game, i have got temple run and have the paid for version of temple run brave and they are both great but temple run 2 is just awsome the back grounds are great and interesting, lots of new features too like the mine cart and the zip line.
lentwentyfour ratingfive my only wish is that it had a distance counter as well as the coin and points counter in the top right hand corner.
lenfifteen ratingfive i have noticed a little lag some times but otherwise its very good game play.
lenfive ratingfive like a said good game
lenten ratingfive its amazing game with quick gameplay and rely nice graphics
lenseven ratingfive more characters and objectives would be appreciated.
lentwelve ratingfive other than that, it's simply magnificent and a nice time waster.
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung  galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lensixteen ratingone please fix s1. - today is feb 03, i still have not heard why this will not work on gs1?
lensix ratingone still a kick a*s game!
lennineteen ratingone update: don't know why but i know the size of the game is 34.15, i am only getting 33.99 on gs1.
lensixteen ratingone please help, works beautiful on gs3, just really dont like letting kid's play with new phone.
leneight ratingone temple run 1 works jusy fine on this phone.
lenten ratingfive amazing game now, much better improvment n da last game.
lenten ratingfive love the mine cart and i love the scenary aswell
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfour fab game.
lenseventeen ratingfour 1 thing you could add is more creatures and pop out stuff to make it a tad harder.
lenseven ratingfive it's great game, graphics and fun!
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one
leneighteen ratingfour great game but bug needs fixing can't save up more than 3000 coins would of given five stars
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics, superb gameplay.
lenfortythree ratingfive absolutely amazing this is ssooooooooooo ,much better than the original i absloutley love it i can't stop playing it i'm addicted and hooked and best of all its free my score is currently ten million ahhhhh barb gonna play some more?
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseventeen ratingone the gameplay is good.graphics are great and doesn't lag.but there are lot of bugs.
lenthirtyseven ratingone when you try to maximize a powerup for a character using gems and then you try to switch to another powerups and then come back to the previous one again.all the powerups gem upgrades are gone.
leneight ratingone for e.g. scarlett fox has running powerup.
lenfive ratingone using gems they were upgraded.
lenseven ratingone and then you equip it with magnet.
lennineteen ratingone and then try again to swtich back to running powerup, all the gems upgrades are gone.that's bad.
lentwentytwo ratingfive didn't think you could add to much to temple run to make it better but the developers sure proved me wrong.
lenseven ratingfive and guess what i don't mind!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenseven ratingfive its more fun than the first version
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive excellent new features for this sequel.
leneight ratingfive fun!^^b what else is there to say?
lenfive ratingfive perfect way to waste time
lenfour ratingfive best game on android
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game but most of  time lags in my galaxy s advance
lennine ratingfive excellent graphics, mining carts and you can save yourself.
lenfive ratingfive its like totally new game. :-)
lenthirteen ratingfive i have been a big fan of temple run and 2 topped it completely.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive this best game ever i love it!
lenten ratingfour very cool app but why are the mineshafts so rare?
lensix ratingone i enjoy this game a lot.
lentwentyfive ratingone i would give it 4 stars, but i purchased a 5000 pack of coins and a 50000 pack of coins and they never showed up in my game.
leneight ratingone i emailed the developer and never heard back.
leneleven ratingone now its to late to request my money back from google.
leneleven ratingone hope someone will get back to me from the dev team
lenseven ratingfive love the new added features fun game
lenfour ratingfive better than its ancestor
lentwo ratingfive superb.addictive
lenfive ratingfive simple and very cool game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive no doubt, flawless and amazing experience.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lensix ratingfive good graphics and fun to play
lenthirtyone ratingfour maybe its just me but i feel like the game should have checkpoints i hate running 2000 feet then starting back at the beginning after it took so long to get there.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise.great game
leneighteen ratingfive addictive game and better than the first but could the game be resumed after pressing the home button?
lentwentysix ratingfive i was playing the game and was beating my high score and i had to use my phone quickly so i had to exit the game.
leneleven ratingfive i then started again and it did not save my progress.
lennine ratingfive if this could be changed it would be awesome :)
lennine ratingfour better than the first, clean, clear and on point.
lenfive ratingfour this game gone made me.
lenten ratingfive i just love this game, much better than previous one
lentwelve ratingfive on the old temple run you would always die after the tutorial
lenthree ratingfive angry bird who?
leneleven ratingfive this is definitely one of the best free games out there.
lennine ratingfive able to save on sd card as well xd 5/5
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive now it's optimized for qvga , works on all my devices lag free !
lentwo ratingfive thanks devs!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthree ratingfour nice thrilling one.
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphic
lenten ratingone great game but has just restarted to begining please fix
lensix ratingfive love this game . :) thanks to developers .
leneight ratingfive its a great game very enjoyable and addictive.
leneleven ratingone i dont understand why this thing stops working on its own!
lennine ratingone had to uninstall twice, lost all progress as well.
lenfour ratingfour fadd h game boss
lentwo ratingfour sooooo fun!
lentwelve ratingfour i love the new obstacles and the fact i can save myself
lenfour ratingfive not able to download
lenfive ratingone this game need major fixing.
lenten ratingthree this game lags alot but it is a good game
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lentwo ratingfive extremely addictive.
leneight ratingfive exellent grafics and reslly fun improved a lot.
lentwenty ratingfive i thought t.p. 1 was addicting but now temple run 2.oh boy, im always trying to beat my score everyday.
lenthirteen ratingfive if u loved the first temple, you'll be obsessed with this one.
lensix ratingfive too good.gr8 work.better than 1st edition
lenfive ratingfive super exclusive for time killer.
leneleven ratingthree great game but has a ton of bugs still to fix.
lenthirtyone ratingthree trying to unlock a new powerup is impossible, says it only uses 1 gem at a time but its taking 2 then it disappears as you keep playing so you cant unlock it.
lennine ratingthree please fix then it will get a better rating.
lentwo ratingfour super game
lenthirtyseven ratingfour love the game but it gets very glitchy doesnt let you turn or jump sometimes is very frustrating when your very far in a game but if these were touched up this game would be my favorite
lenseven ratingfour good game, i just suck at it.
lentwo ratingfive wicked game
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome!
lenseven ratingfive love it better than the first 1 xx
leneighteen ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game in the world it never freezes which u wouldn't want anyway
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenseventeen ratingfive it is a good game to play while you are bored or just need somthing to do.
leneleven ratingfive it's great to compete with your friends and get competitive!
lentwentyeight ratingone both temple run 1 and 2 always worked very poor on my xperia neo v. i had reported this problem quite a few times but they never fixed the issue.
lennineteen ratingfive this is 1 of the greatest apps ever lake temple run yeah cool i love it but temple run 2 omg
leneight ratingfive its next nd different level of temple run.
leneleven ratingfive if ur bored wit 1temple run or u enjoyed lot wit it.
lenfour ratingfive download it its great.
lenten ratingfive awesome inntrested but slowly turn pls fix the fastest swipe
lenfour ratingfive temple run is ausome !
lenthree ratingfour iove ths gameb
lenfour ratingone title is self explanatory.
lennine ratingone the app doesn't get past the title screen.
lensixteen ratingone i have samsung infuse and i've been looking forward to playing this so please fix.
lennine ratingfive if there are six stars i will press it
lensix ratingone its way too buggy to play.
lentwelve ratingone every time i open the app it starts right off the bat.
lenthree ratingone slow to load.
lennine ratingone and once i'm actually playing it freezes constantly.
lenten ratingone i haven't gone more than 500m because of the freezing.
lenseven ratingone fix this and i'll rate accordingly.
leneleven ratingfive love the game its much better than the original temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive game is beautiful when graphics is at 'best' well done imagni studios. :)
lenfour ratingfour game is so addicting!
lenseven ratingfour got my hubby hooked playing it too!
lennine ratingfive pretty cool,cant beat it for a free download
lennineteen ratingone this game looks mighty fine but ma baby keeps force closing before i even get a chance to play.
lennine ratingone i have an lg esteem running android 2.3.4 please fix.
lensix ratingfive brill game can't stop playing
lenfourteen ratingfive great game ,much better than first one ,first one sucks eggs compared to this
lenfive ratingfive definitely better than the first!
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading :]
lenfour ratingfive that game was dope !
lenten ratingthree crashes about 80% of the time a save me is used.
lentwentyone ratingthree also, you lose all coins and challenges from that run and it doesn't save if it's a high score.
lenfive ratingthree i lost my run of 3mil+.
lennine ratingthree update: crashed again lost my high score of appr.
lenfive ratingthree thanks a lot temple run
lensix ratingfive great follow up to temple run.
lensix ratingfive more difficult and addictive - love it
lenfourteen ratingone this stupid game is the worst in the world plese del from play store.
lenthirtyfour ratingone its just a stupid game even the first game is beter(temple run 1) the pics of it is good but belive me or not this game is so stupid ill del from play store.
lentwelve ratingone stupidest game ever is temple run 2 ok so dont instal it ok
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenten ratingfive played it on my mothers android phone and got addicted  :-)
lenfortysix ratingthree i would give this 5 stars but after the whole time playing my china aren't adding up correctly, so its like i'm playing for nothing.first i had 3000 coins, played more trying to save up and then i had 1358, then 978, really annoying, please fix this.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lentwentyone ratingthree the game is not fluent and that's the reason i can't make high score and play more then 2 times
lenfour ratingfive best android game ever!
lenseventeen ratingfour it's not as fun as subway surfers, but after a while it does get pretty interesting.
lenthirteen ratingfive the new obstacles and features ad a new challenge to the original classic.
lentwentyone ratingfive it's somewhat buggy when using gem saves, and on occasion will not save some of my runs when it crashes.
lenseven ratingfive overall i love the new game play.
lenthirteen ratingfive imangi rocks , yet another awesome stuff from imangi,better than temple run brave.
leneleven ratingfour i really like this game but the sensitivity is alittle off
lennine ratingfive my freind has this and its epic (epic face)
lenten ratingfour love this game but pauses and messes me up sometimes
lenfifteen ratingtwo was good until now, i just went to ply and it reset everything i had.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive nice guys
lennineteen ratingfour good and amazing i love the cave but first time i get it  it stopped cause wasn't apple
lenfive ratingfive temple run is temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run spawned a whole series of infinite running based clones some of which were popular too.
lenfourteen ratingfive bit this sequel proved who is the original and the master on this game.
lenten ratingfive hats off to this and now waiting for temple run 3 :)
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive except for a few bugs
lennine ratingfour they hve definitely taken it to the next level.
lennine ratingfour improved graphics, engaging path n interesting twists n turns.
lenfifteen ratingone keeps exiting and takes i while to load home screen not temple run home screen
leneight ratingfive very nice game for time killing n fun.
lenthree ratingfive oooooooooooo nice oooooooooooooooo
lenfive ratingfive im totally hooked to it.
lenseven ratingfive must download and run a little more!
lenthree ratingfive epic epic epic
lensix ratingfive so amazing, so much more fun.
lenfifteen ratingtwo love the game but its jumpy and freezes up which causes me to get out.
lensixteen ratingfour i love this game, but since the most recent update, my gameplay is horrible on my gs3.
lennine ratingfour there are glitches, and the game runs very slow.
lennine ratingtwo 2 star because my coins keeps disappearing after every game.
lenten ratingfive better then before no doubt ful marks to imangi studios
lensix ratingfive what an app after long time
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneight ratingfive runs smoothly in my sony live with walkman.
lenthirteen ratingfive my diamonds are all gone im back to 1 why i didnt use it
lenfive ratingfive way better than the original
lenthree ratingfive great game.a****
lenten ratingfive i love i like it better than the 1 one lol
lenten ratingfive pure class, very fun, addictive & satisfy's your gaming needs.
lenfive ratingfive we'll worth your time! :-)
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is simply awesome i love this graphics, objectives awesome everything is awesome i'm a very big fan of temple run 2 and 1
lentwo ratingfive luv eet.
lenfive ratingfive good graphics must have game
lenseventeen ratingfive great game; no reason not to try it, looks absolutely impressive on the samsung galaxy s iii
lenthree ratingfive i love itttt
lensix ratingfive such a fun and addictive game
lenthree ratingfive except for great.
lensix ratingfive great step-up from temple run
lennine ratingfour the game is very good, graphics are good too.
lenten ratingfour but i still like the original temple run than this :-)
lentwo ratingfive okay ito
lenseven ratingfive great game for keeping tu.ed reflexes
leneleven ratingfive loving this version,gotta say the first got a little repetitive.
lenthree ratingfive this ones addictive.
lenseven ratingfive love this game its the best ever
lentwentyseven ratingfive fun for all ages, my 5 year old is glad her 35 year old father (me) has a tablet now so we can both play at the same time.
lenfive ratingfive excellent gameplay and more enjoyable.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and really addictive
lenthree ratingfive super cool game
lentwentytwo ratingtwo everytime i start from the beginning and i jump on the first rope, it keeps starting and stopping and messing me up.
lentwelve ratingtwo this rating isn't gonna go up unless this problem is fixed.
lenfive ratingone wont download on my phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive i thought the first temple run was good, but this is the best game ever!
lentwentythree ratingone when i actually think about it temple run isn't such an amazing game when you compare it to games like subway surfers.
lenfifteen ratingone not impressed as the game is boring yet buggy especially when going round the corners.
lensix ratingfive good game perfect time killer addictive! !
lenseventeen ratingfive i love that it is actually possible to get diamonds consistantly in game without paying for them
lensix ratingfive just loving the new temple run 2.
leneleven ratingfour a must if you like the previous version of temple run.
lentwentytwo ratingfour can be frustrating when game gets laggy while in powersave on my s3 causing my swipe commands to be ignored and i die.
lenthree ratingfour overall very addicting
lentwelve ratingfive a few small glitches, but a good fun waste of five minutes.
lensixteen ratingfive this is a legit game sometimes when i turn it doesn't turn but probley   my s3
lensix ratingfive omg its kind of really hard
lennine ratingfive excellent mega addictive :-d download n enjoy the fun.
lenfourteen ratingthree still glitchy doesn't turn,jump, duck when it should slowed reaction please fix!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive overall, its a fun and challenging app and is possibly even better than the first.
lenfourteen ratingfive i think it needs a setting for sensitivity and maybe more challenges and upgrades.
leneight ratingone purchased the coin doubler and out did nothing!
lentwentytwo ratingone i've played it on ny dads phone but it don't work it just goes back to my home screen so .
lenten ratingfive i love it but the cart is hard to beat
lentwentyseven ratingfour i love this game but i can't download it to my new phone please update it so more types of phone are able to access it
lentwo ratingfive easy relax
lentwentysix ratingthree this game is nice, good graphics, but is really impossible, it tried to mak you multi task a million diffrent things, and you end up dying!
lenthirteen ratingthree if you stop making me die so much i will give five star!
lennine ratingthree i recomend this to people to enjoy impossible games -.-
leneight ratingfive awesome exp.much betr than its earlier version
leneight ratingfive temple run2is a much better the last game's
lenseven ratingfive the second one is even more fun!
lensix ratingfive most addicting game ever  love it
lenseven ratingfive out standing spend ages playing very additive.
lenthree ratingfive cool, cool, cool
lennineteen ratingthree well it got stuck and it is not as good as the first one :-)  it doesn't make sense
leneight ratingfour if i review, perhaps it will stop asking.
leneight ratingfive i play this game more then subway sufer
lentwentysix ratingfour but i hafta say sometimes i tell them to turn left and they jump off a cliff.other than that, i can't put it down.
lennine ratingfive this better then the previous one so additive man.
leneight ratingfive waaaay better than the last temple run game.
lentwentyeight ratingfive i do believe that the cart part is a little harder than it needs to be but it's just something that you have to get used to.
lentwelve ratingfive i enjoy playing this game in between going to classes and such.
lenfive ratingfive completely recommend this to anyone.
lentwo ratingfour awesome games.
lentwentyseven ratingone this game sucks my money just dissapears i had 3,999 coins and when i looked at the characters to see how much money i need there was only 390.
lenfive ratingfour good improvement on original idea
lenfive ratingfour ui could have done better .
lenseven ratingfour but challenges and new improvements too good
lennineteen ratingfour it freezes on my phone so when i run i hit an object and get eaten buy the creature
lensixty ratingfive wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
lenthirteen ratingfive better than temple run 1 and has new obsticles rail ride its the best.
lenfour ratingfive addictive than temple run 1
lenseventeen ratingone order gems last night never received them email them they never return my email either money wasted.
lenfour ratingfive my new fav runner.
leneight ratingfive finshed the end but enjoying this slightly more
lenseven ratingfive i'm officially addicted t this game
lenseven ratingone does not work on htc desire bravo :'(
leneight ratingfive i love the game much better than previous.
lenten ratingfive just as god as temple run but a bit glichy
lenfifteen ratingthree since the update, it's become almost too buggy to use - i am regularly "dying"
lenfifteen ratingthree simply because the game skipped out as i swiped and the move didn't register.
lensix ratingfive its so addictive, best game ever ^.^
lennine ratingone i open it and crashes every f*cking time
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive game's pretty dope
lenseven ratingfive mast game hai bhai logo download karlo
lenfive ratingfive a real fun time passer.
lentwo ratingfour yeah lol
lenfourteen ratingone it would be an awesome game if it didn't freeze after you died.
lentwentythree ratingone i guess its their way of saying don't die or you won't be able to play without starting it over again.
lenten ratingtwo it won't let me open since the new update.
leneleven ratingtwo i've reinstalled twice already&& after an hour out stops working.
lenseventeen ratingfive honestly, this game is the best game ever as well as it is suitable for all ages
lenfive ratingfive the title saus it all
lenthirteen ratingthree the graphic is better than the first but there are still some issue.
lenfifteen ratingthree there is always a lag during the game causing you to die when it stopes.
lensix ratingthree also sometimes the commands are slow
lennine ratingfive it is brilliant install it is like real life 3d
leneleven ratingthree i really like this game but the constant glitches kill it.
lenfive ratingthree ruins my runs and freezes.
lentwelve ratingone not able to play it on lg optimus black, it closes automatically.
lensix ratingfive it works perfectly on medium settings.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay.
lentwelve ratingfive love that it's ad-free and still payable without micro transactions.
lenfour ratingfive makes my gs3 run hot!
lenfour ratingfive omg best game ever
leneighteen ratingone i get to the imangi studios screen and after waiting 30seconds it takes me back to my home screen!
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lentwenty ratingfive so addictive & fun i play it at least 6 or 7 times a day to sum it i completely love this game
lenseventeen ratingthree something different but the constant lagging and freezing makes it annoying, gameplay doesn't seem any different!
lenfortyeight ratingfive im so excited about this game its more of a challenge which i love but you have to be careful  when you collect the coins you must shake it overall i think the game is some than you my friends for telling me about buy it its free.
lenfour ratingfive hows temple run brave
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenseven ratingfive much better than the previous temple run.
lenseven ratingfour this game is amazing but freezes alot
lensix ratingfive i just loved this game.ooooohooooo
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive still the best running game.
lenten ratingfive i don't play games, but i play this one.
leneighteen ratingfive a bit laggy at times (usually when receiving texts or emails in background), but very addictive and fun.
lentwentytwo ratingfive only issue i am having is i have completed all objectives including 10 million coins, and 500k coins objective checks completed but stays there.
leneight ratingfive im sure ut will be fixed soon though
leneleven ratingtwo at level 8, the objectives are not up to date.at all.
leneleven ratingtwo ive earned 510,000 coins but the objective is still shown as unfinished.
lensix ratingtwo the meters stop counting as well.
leneleven ratingtwo also the same powerup shown twice is not fixed at all.
lentwenty ratingthree better than the 1.st one but still have problem on my echo phone fix  plzz but i luv da game
lenten ratingthree good graphics but everytime u die u start from beginning
lentwo ratingfive addictive game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.!
lenten ratingfive a new way of playing temple run and its fun! :)
lenfourteen ratingfour with better graphics, it's surprising how much better it runs on my phone.
leneight ratingfour the first lagged so much it was frustrating.
lenfifteen ratingfour addicting as every, though some of the objectives seem unreachable, i can't stop trying
lenthirteen ratingone using galaxy s3 running jelly bean and the graphics seem to lagg a bit
lenthirtyone ratingthree this was a good game but everytime i open the app it just sends me back to the home page and that is really frustrating  anyone knows what is the problem?
lensix ratingone it wont let me download it.
lensixteen ratingfive after i updated my stuff is gone my girl character gems and money! :( but good game
lenfourteen ratingone much more laggier than the original and made the original meters go all skinny.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo temple run 2 is so boooring it need a new location like subway surfers rio or put it in a different state but it still good
lentwo ratingfour pretty cool
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game but i didnt know it was a seris game
lentwo ratingfive great sequel!
lenfourteen ratingfive this a very fun game i luv it and i think u would to !
lenfive ratingfive this game is soo addicting.
leneight ratingfive great game works well on my htc vivid.
lenthree ratingfive nice time killer.
lensix ratingtwo i lose coins when i die.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive i just love it and no lag issues :-)
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseventeen ratingone temple run 2 is so glitched it doesn't even let me jump to attach to the rope.
lentwelve ratingone it not an easy game to play anymore because of the glitches.
lentwentynine ratingone i have kept up with the updates, all i want to do is slam my own phone into the wall because it frustrates me how i can barely play.
lenfifteen ratingone and if i do start actually playing it just ends u glitching at the end.
lennine ratingfive i love dis game i play it like everyday
lenfive ratingfive really good and additive game
lenten ratingfive amazing upgrade done guys.much more addictive den temple run 1. ?
lenfive ratingfive one of my favrt game ?
lentwentythree ratingtwo for example, if you score 500000 and the objective for that comes up afterwards, you still have to do it again, which is stupid.
lenfifteen ratingtwo if you do it before, it should tick it when it comes up, simple as.
lenfourteen ratingthree good gamr but after exiting it the first time it doesnt load up again
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks.
lenfifteen ratingfive i was really snorted at the first one but this one makes up for it!
lensix ratingfive so addicting better than the first!
lenseven ratingfive one of the most amazing game ever.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennineteen ratingone the original temple run did not let me tilt on my htc inspire 4g, and this one doesn't either!
lentwenty ratingone extremely disappointed, i have wanted to get into the temple run scene, but obviously with these bugs i can't!
lenseven ratingfour it fun and cool get it now
lennine ratingone super bummed because this game won't even load.
lenfifteen ratingone try to launch it and it stays on the loading screen and then force closes.
lenseven ratingone please fix this for the samsung infuse!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i have played this game for quite a while and i really like the new graphic and gameplay options like the ropes and cart and the numerous number of powerups and gems.
leneleven ratingfive it is very fun to play and is very addicting too.
lenfour ratingfive what a running game.
lenfive ratingfive this is a fantastic game!
lennine ratingfive really good game that you can't put down
lenfour ratingfour excellent waste of time.
leneight ratingfour better than first one, can't wait for 3.
leneight ratingfour now to beat my kids in this game.
lentwentytwo ratingfour its very fun and addictive but it is hard to turn your tablet it goes to slow when you turn your tablet.
lennine ratingfive i would give it seven stars if i could.
lenseven ratingfive better graphics, game play, and level design.
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff.
leneleven ratingfive thiz is better then the first temple run i like it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingthree but lags a lot.
lenfourteen ratingfour please fix i really love this game and i want to get to level 9 ;(
lensix ratingfive awesome game literally full of awe
lensix ratingfour a brilliant sequel to the first.
leneleven ratingfour fun and addictive - everything a mobile/tablet game needs to be.
lenfifteen ratingfour if you want people to try and get that make an awesome reward for it.
lenthree ratingfour anyways, fantastic game.
lenten ratingfive it has great graphics and is a lot more challenging!
lenthree ratingfour love the graphics
lenseven ratingfour awesome game, i play it a lot.
lenfifteen ratingfour i admit, it takes a while to get used to if you played temple run 1
lenseven ratingfour pretty good but still a bit buggy.
lenseven ratingfour when its running smoothly a great game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour the game is good but if you have a power up and you pick up another while running, it just dissipates.
lenseven ratingfour it should add on to the time.
lentwentyone ratingfour if i pick up a boost and pick up another while in the boost they should add up not cancel out
lensixteen ratingthree game plays great (droid bionic) but crashes about 1 in 4 times when hitting the save me button.
lentwentytwo ratingthree it still spends the gems, even if you didnt have enough, which results in a negative balance when you restart the app.
leneighteen ratingthree also results in your run not being recorded, and thus any objectives you would have cleared being lost.
lenfive ratingfive this game is really fun
lentwelve ratingfive it awesome graphics are amazing one huge bird jungle vines and more ;)
lensixteen ratingfive i alway play it when i free time,,,,cos i like to play it so much,
lentwo ratingfour amusing game
lensix ratingfive best free game on the market
lentwenty ratingfive this game is like so fun do u know how many times i got in trouble for playin this game
lennine ratingtwo it is no where near as fun as templerun 1 .
lennine ratingfour its pretty good but nothing beats the first one
lenfourteen ratingone really glitchy and the way you have to complete objectives in order is silly.
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lensix ratingthree much more difficult then the 1st one.
lentwelve ratingthree but boosts often appear too close to objects which will kill you.
lenthirteen ratingthree defeats the purpose of them if you can't get them without dying.
leneleven ratingthree also slow reaction with double jumping or jump then immediate ducking.
lenthree ratingfive awesome super fun
lenfive ratingfour a little, but overall awesome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive im bout to play again :)
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a pretty good game it's kinda hard but overall amazing.
lenfour ratingfive i love this alot.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome!
lenthree ratingfive maja aa gaya
lenfourteen ratingone after hours of gameplay, i opened to play and was back at square one.
leneight ratingone no gems, no coins, no extra characters,  nothing.
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
lenseven ratingfour way better than the first temple run
lentwelve ratingfive this game is very addicting as the original temple run is too.
lenthirteen ratingfive this temple run has better graphics and i like the train ride also.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is ever so slightly harder than the original temple run but overall brilliant.
lenfive ratingfive it is an awesome game!
leneleven ratingfive i hope that they come out with a third temple run!
lenten ratingfive fun and nothin like temple run one it more interng
lenseventeen ratingfour great game would be better if you could customize your character and play online otherwise its awesome
lenfive ratingthree i absolutely love this game.
lentwo ratingthree fun upgrades.
lentwentythree ratingthree however, after the third day of playing i keep having to reinstall and start over because the refuses to open oe force closes.
lentwo ratingfour nice change
lentwentythree ratingfour when u tilt ur phone to go to the left or right it doesn't work that well otherwise i love the game!
lentwentyone ratingfour its a good sequel, but there are a lot of bugs to it, such as circumnavigator and gold miner appear twice.
lenfiftyone ratingfour also when i play a game i would use the gems to revive myself if i died, but if i use more than 6 or 7 revives then the game freezes for 5 seconds and brings me back to the home page and dosent save my score or even coins, please fix the glitches.
leneighteen ratingone it's not letting me play the game and the is the worst game i have ever downloaded
lenseven ratingfour a few crashes but mostly fun time
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive great game graphics are awesome !
lentwo ratingfive ha hs .
lenthree ratingfive very cool game!
lenthree ratingfive looks like real
lentwo ratingfive amazing app.
lenten ratingfive i love all the new things especially the bigger monkey.
lenthree ratingone won't start
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is fun they should add multiplayer (who can survive the longest)
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome to play excellent game very enjoyable
lentwo ratingfive aa fun
lensix ratingfive works great on my razor max.
lenthree ratingfive better than original.
lensix ratingfive don't like the cart part.
lennine ratingfour i like it except it force closes a lot.
lenfive ratingfive very good infact brilliant fantastic
lenfifteen ratingfive i got temple run one and two they both addictive and i love them both
lenthree ratingfive tricky but better.
leneight ratingone retarded crashes everytime fix nd ill give 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive excelente juego lo recomiendo por completo
lenten ratingfive great but minecarts don't give you enough reaction time
leneleven ratingfive a lot of actions and is way better than just running
leneight ratingfive easy and addictive game play, great time waster :)
lenseven ratingone crashes everytime i try to open it!
lensix ratingfive best game ever and really fun !
lenthirty ratingfive nice game its waay better dahn the first one i jiss wish it had more features sutch as hiding into a tunnel n stuff lyk daht nice game to play.
lenthree ratingfive angry bird who?
leneleven ratingfive this is definitely one of the best free games out there.
lennine ratingfive able to save on sd card as well xd 5/5
lentwentyfour ratingthree i try to open the game and it comes up with the start screen you here the water flowing and it just closes out.
lentwentynine ratingthree i don't wanna uninstall cause i have a 4 million high score and over 30 gems and i'll be sad but if it keeps going i may have to.
lenten ratingone after the recent update (evo 4g) my lag increased three fold.
lenfifteen ratingone i lowered the game graphics to their lowest setting and there was no perceivable change.
lentwelve ratingone in addition just prior to the update my progress reset to zero.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game because it is nothing like i have expected.
leneighteen ratingfive i thought that the first temple run was something until i played temple run 2 on my auntie tablet .
lennineteen ratingfive been playing for weeks now but it's so hard that i couldn't even reach half a million!
leneleven ratingfive the obstacles are quite tricky but overall the game is great!
lenseven ratingthree lags a little to much when playing
lenseven ratingfour pretty fun.i like the graphics better
lenthree ratingfive diz dah gme
leneight ratingfive never played it much until the latest update.
lensixteen ratingfive but when it said improved performance on older devices, i found out they weren't kidding!
lenten ratingfive it now works completely smooth on this old htc evo.
leneight ratingfive but now i can't stop playing it!
lentwentyfour ratingfive it has so much less lag than temple run (1) on my samsung galaxy omg it's a marvel enjoy people i rate this highly
lentwo ratingfive exellent game
lenthirtyfive ratingfour would give it 5 stars but took a week to downland but it was worth it i love the ropes and cole cars much much better than the original tempule run i love it to death
lentwenty ratingfive its the best game i have ever played its adictinng, free, and there are no adds the best i <3 it
leneight ratingfive one of the best games i have played.
lenthree ratingone package file invalid
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfive one of the best games one play store
lentwentythree ratingfour more challenging and forgiving (you dont always have to restart after death) than the former version, yet the graphics are not very impressive.
lentwo ratingfour 4 stars nonetheless
lentwo ratingfive sexy graphics.
lenthree ratingfive no lags nthn.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwentysix ratingfive just need a additional  feature like leadershipboard to see highest scores of all frndz n world., there are lots of errors n  ugs in this game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive ie.1st- when we use boost, it does boost and during the boost if we get another boost then it doesnt boost from there again.
lentwentyeight ratingfive 2nd- when a boost is used and during run in boost if jump comes which nedds to be done using rope then aftr the landing bkkst speed never reduces.
lennine ratingfive and u end up dieing cos of high speed.
lensix ratingfive so addictive and fun to play.
leneight ratingfive but does lag a little at some stages
lenthree ratingfive hbd cusp crusty
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfour ratingfive thats alot of fish
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game because its a fun exciting game its like awesome i love it.
leneight ratingone temple run ii has become laggy and slow.
lenthirteen ratingone i used to love this game but i can't play it anymore.
leneighteen ratingone i have a samsung galaxy s i. please fix so i can give it 5 stars which it deserves.
lenfiftytwo ratingtwo everytime i tilt my ipad the character doesn't move he just keeps going forward!?i cannot collect coins unless their in a straight line and i keep dying because of this.please fix this because this is a great game and i don't want it ruined because of some glitch!
lenfour ratingfive it's pure entertainment
lenfour ratingfive still game struck slightly
leneight ratingfive no words needed- download and see for yourself.
lentwo ratingfour cool game.
lentwelve ratingfive really good game playing it all the time lol make a 3rd one
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game its wayy better than the first one i totally recommend this game.
lenten ratingfive my four year old and i love playing this game!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the other one.
lenten ratingfive the game has better graphics than the original temple run.
leneight ratingfive i love this game better the thr 1st one
leneight ratingthree doesn'tseen fair when i already earned it
lensix ratingfive good game to kill some time.
lenfive ratingfive looks fantastic, same great gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive the addition of the mine is brilliant!
lenten ratingfive all in all a top follow-up to the original!
lenseven ratingfour first try at a game like this.
lenthirteen ratingfour it seems to get difficult awfully quick, but otherwise it's pretty enjoyable.
lenfour ratingfive fun and exciting game!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is good for playing when you have to wait anywhere for anything.
lentwentyfour ratingfive omg omg omg beat game ever way bettet than the first the graphics are better and the glitches are fixed the game is great!
leneight ratingfour but it lost my progress twice so no 5
lennine ratingfive the best hame ever got 3 mill on my 21st game
lenfour ratingfive super addicting and cool.
lenfive ratingthree the apple version is better.
leneleven ratingthree this one freezes up right before smacking in to the wall
lenfourteen ratingfour love the game but whenever i get above $2500 coins most of my money disappears.
lenfive ratingfive i like it best game
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a fun game that never ever ends so it is a never ending fun game
lenfourteen ratingthree im having a difficulty opening this game, it openned but it suddenly force closed.
leneleven ratingthree im addicted to temple run thou but i cant open it.
lennine ratingthree still glitchy and doesn't respond to all movements.
lensix ratingfive love this game going beast mode
lentwentyone ratingone i played this game on a friends phone and fell in luv but i cant even play it on my phone!
lentwentyseven ratingone not only with this one but also with the original.too bad subway surfers isnt compatible with my fone cause it is waaaaaay better and better quaility
lennine ratingone it loads but goes back to to to home
lensix ratingfive sooooooo fun i luv this game.
lentwo ratingfive wayyyy better
leneleven ratingfive love it i wish they had more characters but its great
lentwentytwo ratingfour it's a really fun game though i don't like how sometimes it will randomly through you sideways when you jump
lentwelve ratingone i reley dont wan to say this, but i have to now.
lenfive ratingone this game is so esay.
lennine ratingone i mean, all you do is hit the spacebar.
lenseven ratingfive much smoother and better than previous versions.
lenfive ratingfive though some objectives are stupid
lentwelve ratingfour little lag when you get a txt, but better than temple run.
lenseventeen ratingone when downloaded doesn't let you open it and takes up lots of memory on your phone.
lenfourteen ratingone herd its a great games but can't comment as this doesn't work.
lentwo ratingfive realy cool!11   @
lensix ratingfive good game to pass the time
lenfour ratingfour really fun and addictive!
lenseven ratingfive i wish there were check points though.
lenthirty ratingfive temple run is a great game and i loved it and i think you should play it to you will play it all day and you will love it to
lensix ratingfive just so excellent love this game
lensixteen ratingtwo trying to play on my lg thrill, but every time i open the game it closes.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i've tried rebooting, uninstalling, reinstalling, still got nothing but the load screen.
leneight ratingtwo too bad, was looking forward to playing it.
lenfourteen ratingfour i would rate this better if it didn't cheat me out of gems.
lenseven ratingthree i got the game was working fine.
lenseven ratingthree but, after 2 weeks, it wouldn't load!
lenfive ratingfive just a lot of fun.
leneight ratingfive smooth running and fantastic surprises throughout the game.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive htc sensation
lenthree ratingfive my favurite game
lensix ratingfive i love love love temple run!
leneight ratingfive it's so addicting and easy to play!
lenseventeen ratingfive especially for someone like me, who didn't grow up with every gaming system in the market.
lentwentytwo ratingfour its great but it doesnt know how to add the coins you earn on a run and the coins youve already earned.
lenfourteen ratingfour and it glitches putting the character in random spots and sometimes it misses jumps
lenfour ratingfive its fun and adicting
lentwelve ratingfour minor bug : boost power up even after spending gems doesn't increase !
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfour sometimes the game presents impossible jumps.
leneight ratingfour other than that, runs well on my gnex.
lenfortysix ratingone temple run 1 was better, you can't see which way you're supposed to turn while in the minecart after curves because you turn immediately after curves and i always dies when turning on the minecart cuz the swipe to turn on minecarts doesn't work.
lennineteen ratingone and how come temple run games.aren't laggy at all on ios devices, but they are on android?
leneleven ratingone i have a gs3 so they shouldn't be laggy at all.
lentwentyfive ratingone every temple run game is laggy only on android not ios and i like android way better and would rather play on android not ios.
lenfive ratingfour way better than the original.
lenfour ratingfour cant wait for part 3!
lensix ratingfive excelent grapichs and easy to.control.
lenfive ratingfive love that than firs version.
lenfour ratingfour great and fun game!
lenseven ratingfour freezes sometimes though and makes me die!
lennine ratingfive i love this game i cant stop playing it
leneight ratingfive like it alot better then the first one
lentwo ratingfive itz awesome
lensix ratingfive no comment heheheh play to believe.
lenfive ratingfive it's fun and fresh.
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive there is literally nothing better than this app and i love it
leneight ratingfour really nice one, its better than the first
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a fast and exciting game to play.really  enjoyabe.recommend to any one.
lenten ratingfive it is just so awesome way better than temple run
lenfive ratingfive its a really fun app
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive it has the same look as the previous game with additional content.
leneight ratingfive its like playing multiple games at a time
leneight ratingone please fix so i can play looks fun
lensix ratingfive this game is hot loving it.
lennine ratingfive impressive, the one you want to kill your time
lennine ratingfive well this just changed my perspective of mobile games
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great
lenseven ratingfive no gliches and is exelent on android
lensix ratingfive the graphics, layout, everything is perfect!
lennine ratingfive i feel like completely lost in the temple world!
lenthree ratingfive its fun  #lovethisgame
lenfive ratingfive that game is so beatiful.
lennineteen ratingfive i play it much in my spare time and the graphica are great thanks for the developers o_o
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive i what is grab a better than the first 1
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenfive ratingfive work perfectly in my hh.
lenseven ratingfive one of the sexiest games evaaa :d
lensix ratingone this game is gay and boring
lenfifteen ratingfive i like the improvements that they made on temple run and made it more challenging!
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung  galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lensix ratingone still a kick a*s game!
lennineteen ratingone update: don't know why but i know the size of the game is 34.15, i am only getting 33.99 on gs1.
lensixteen ratingone please help, works beautiful on gs3, just really dont like letting kid's play with new phone.
leneight ratingone temple run 1 works jusy fine on this phone.
lenseven ratingone tried to order coins.took my money
lenthree ratingfive very cool game.
lenfour ratingfive can play for hours
leneleven ratingfive like the game but make it where it is not leg
leneleven ratingfive this game is better than the last temple run, more exciting!
lentwelve ratingfive the mind carts is very had and u need lots of balance
lensix ratingfive makes the other one look cheap
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfour really good game i always play it its better than temple run 1 if i was honest
leneight ratingfive i like temple run 2 better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive and the rope is way cool!
lentwentysix ratingfive my fav part of the game is when you're in the mine cart and you're riding on tracks with lots of twists and turns!
lenthree ratingfive overall great game!
lentwentytwo ratingfive when i play it every day it feels like i'm in it being chased by a gorrila monster thing good game
lentwo ratingfive impossibly addictive
lenten ratingfive way better than the first one like omggggg loveeeeee ittttttttttttt
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneighteen ratingfive just starting, but i can see that i'm not going to want to put this one down.
lenfive ratingfive great game play and graphics.
lenseventeen ratingfive your first version was excellent as well, but i think that the recent improvements here are fantastic.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for the ongoing entertainment.
leneight ratingtwo lot of frame rate drop and accelerometer stucks.
lenforty ratingtwo i was really having a great time playing temple run 2 and i kinda got addicted to it , so then i purchased double coins and 400,000 coins which cost me around $25 for both, but then i got nothing , no double coins and 400,000.
lenseven ratingtwo took off money from my bank , tsk.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i updated to latest version but still no luck, not even a word from the customer service i emailed a complaint
lensix ratingfive love it better than the first
lensix ratingfive this is a very addictive game
leneight ratingfive way to go this is better than temple
lentwentytwo ratingthree i would give it 5 stars but after 3-4 games my coins get reset, so can't upgrade anything, please can you fix this!
lenseven ratingthree but overall a great and addictive game :)
leneight ratingfive ive rated this to stop anjoying pop up :0
lentwentysix ratingfive wow yaa really made part 2 amazing :) i really like it and im glad evertime u slide down the camera doesnt fallow you because that was irritating
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lenthree ratingfour graphics are awesome
lennineteen ratingtwo this game looks awesome but it can't even get to the main menu without crashing on my infuse.
lenten ratingfive the minute i downloaded it, i could not stop playing!
lentwo ratingfive great game.(:
lenfour ratingfive this game is phenomenal.
lenthirteen ratingone it let me download it but wouldn't let me play the game
lennine ratingthree it lags on the turns but its way fun
lenseven ratingthree great game ?ratingfive great game so addicting
lenfive ratingone wont work on my phone
lensixteen ratingfive lolol fun my baby tried it she is only 16 cool batter than temple run 1 lol  lol
lensix ratingthree pretty good game with harder gameplay.
lentwelve ratingthree but there are lot more bug issues than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingthree overall its still fun.
lentwo ratingfive zanes run
lentwentytwo ratingone at first all my points,objectives,and characters erased out of nothing but now i cant not even play it.please fix
lenfive ratingfive omg i luv this game
lenthirtythree ratingone this is so bad i can't even play it and when i jump it says i never jump in it always takes on my diamonds and coins and  just throws it away
lenthree ratingfive beat game ever
lentwentyfour ratingfour this game is pretty good, but the only problem tht i absolutely hate is how they take all ur coins every time yu loose.
lenthree ratingfour thts not cool!
lentwelve ratingfour stop taking my coins and then yall take sooo many of them!
leneighteen ratingfour i'm never gonna be able to buy anything if yu keep taking the coins tht i get!
lentwentyeight ratingfour please take tht off.i had lyk 3,000 coins and i lost one game and i had lyk 500 coins after tht.take off and ill giv 5 stars thank yu!
lensixteen ratingfive this is a must-have on any device with decent hardware (i.e. last couple years).
lenseventeen ratingfive quite addicting gameplay, and it doesn't push in-app purchases too much like some other games.
lennine ratingfive a perfect match for nexus 7 and other small tablets.
lenthree ratingfive really great game!
lenfive ratingfive it's more than amazing!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game sooooo much and its soooo much bettet than the first
lenthree ratingfive pretty good game
lenfifteen ratingfour i think the game should automatically pause when a battery notification appears on the screen.
lenten ratingfour i have the note 2 and the minecart is incredibly unresponsive.
lensix ratingfour other than the game is great
lentwentyeight ratingthree fixed most of the problems but when i get a powerup when i am in the middle of the same power up it doesn't last any longer.
lenfiftythree ratingthree and add more upgrades like having the magnet be 3x coins and the old shield from the first one, and its stupid that if i add gems to the powerups that need coins to get the gems go away, the powers should be increased by a percent for every gem and not go away
lenfive ratingfive best game evea  yeaaaaaaaaaaaa  budddddddddddy
lenfive ratingfive it's an excellent game!
leneleven ratingone trying to play on samsung  galaxy s1, force closes on load screen.
lenfive ratingone works wonderful on samsung galaxy s3!
lensixteen ratingone please fix s1. - today is feb 03, i still have not heard why this will not work on gs1?
lensix ratingone still a kick a*s game!
lennineteen ratingone update: don't know why but i know the size of the game is 34.15, i am only getting 33.99 on gs1.
lensixteen ratingone please help, works beautiful on gs3, just really dont like letting kid's play with new phone.
leneight ratingone temple run 1 works jusy fine on this phone.
leneleven ratingfive i luv this game but i like the first one better
lenfour ratingfive love love love this
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love this game i always play it for like an hour and its great it just gets complicated when u run fastet and faster but i still got past the minecart though love it!
lenseven ratingfive great game i thoght it was fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingtwo the update didnt fix it, the same thing is haooening, crashes at the start
leneighteen ratingone stays on load screen, ( says imangi studios in flourescent green) and never fully loads so i can play.
lenfour ratingfive most awesome game yet
lenseven ratingfour when you are heading a half-path.
lenfour ratingfour your character runs sideways.
lensixteen ratingfour also when using high graphics, the game crashes when you quickly pressed back button in game
lenseven ratingthree no way to save coins n stats.
leneighteen ratingthree had to reinstall because the game wouldnt start and lost all my data.da fuq up with that?
lensix ratingthree but still a pretty good game.
lentwentythree ratingfour some parts are stiff and when you try staying on a corner so you wont  fall off, it glitches and you fall off.
lentwelve ratingfive although it lags quite often its better than the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive great game adds allot to temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive it's the best game anybody could ever get, in my opinion.
lentwentyone ratingfive one problem is when you jump and land on the tip of the edge you end up falling through the floor.
leneleven ratingfive love the game graphics are awesome cant wait till t3 comes out.
lenseven ratingfour not possible to turn off running sound.
lenthirtyeight ratingone whenever i load this game it goes back to the screen so if you want a good rating i suggest getting of your lazy butt and fixing this before i go over there and chop off your head.
lensix ratingfive plain and simple, fun as ever!
lensix ratingfour but barely playable due to lag
lenfour ratingthree fun run is better!
lennineteen ratingfive i loved this game, only complaint is that sometimes after a run it would drop my coins back down.
lentwentyone ratingfive i'd have 3000 before a run then afterwards i'd only have as many as i had gotten in that run.
lennine ratingone the freaking mb is too high for my tablet
lenseven ratingfive very entertaining and a whole family pleaser.
lensixteen ratingtwo after i have downloaded the update , its says"package file is invalid" , what shoud i do !
lennineteen ratingone i don't know what is the problem but after a few points the path finished and game ends.
leneleven ratingone so i am not able to make a real high school.
leneight ratingfour i miss all three demon (monkeys?) chasing you.
lentwentytwo ratingfour game is gorgeous, but is basically the same game as before with (at the beginning at least) not very many new challenges.
leneighteen ratingfour don't know if it's enough to keep me playing for days as the first one did.
lenthirteen ratingfour still, the graphics are beautiful on this one as compared to the original.
lenten ratingfour may change my review as i get better at it.
lentwentyone ratingfour this is a great upgrade from the first temple run, but the coins get so high and then they start over?
lenten ratingfour why can't i have all the coins i want?
lensix ratingfour fix that and ill give 5 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfive is awesome i love it and it ust has somanny things i just love it
lensix ratingfive so fun you will love it
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingthree it's great, but  something wrong with it.
lentwentyone ratingthree i achieved this objective, however the game did not register and it is now stuck there on my list of 3 objectives. >:(
lenten ratingone it ran for a while and then started glitching hard.
leneleven ratingone i wish you guys would fix all the bugs and stuff.
lensix ratingfive best hand eye coordination game ever
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneleven ratingfour hey u don't know me i love this game awesome
leneleven ratingfive its a very good game and runs great in my nexus 4.
lenthree ratingfive five stars worthy.
lenseven ratingfive this game is beast i love it
lenthree ratingfive love the challenges.
lentwo ratingfour pretty entertaining
leneight ratingfive this is the best game i ever want
lentwo ratingfive fun game :)
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneleven ratingfive i love the game its best so far i have played
leneight ratingtwo unable too get what i paid got for .
lensix ratingtwo they added 40 dollars to my account.
lenthirteen ratingfive it is a really great and i just like the start of it.
lenten ratingfive good game, killer graphics, and almost impossible to put down.
lenthree ratingone wont open.sucks
leneleven ratingfive bro if you were in the game you would look sweet
lennine ratingfour i love this game and it has me addicted.
lenthirteen ratingfour but i'm afraid sometimes the game doesn't always record my swipes.
leneighteen ratingfour sometimes i clearly make a swipe but i still run into a wall or fall to my death.
lensix ratingfour but still a great game overall.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfour one of the few games i keep coming back to.
leneight ratingfive i love the landscapes and great game play
lenfour ratingfive hard to leave up
lenten ratingone it keeps telling me that i  dont have enough memory.
lennine ratingone i got loads of memory on my galaxy tab.
lenseven ratingone it freezes and is full of errors!
lenthirteen ratingone the poor guy was running high in the air during the tutorial.then.
lennine ratingone the game froze completely and i had to restart.
lenthree ratingfive great game ever.
lensix ratingfive best game ever on the phone
lenten ratingfive this temple run is munch better than the first one.
lennine ratingfive i love the zip line mine carts and spikes
lenthree ratingfive fooking brilliant man!
lentwelve ratingfive it is an amazing game and is so addictive, just one thing.
lentwentythree ratingfive whenever you go into that tunnel  thing, it takes away some of your points, but its still amazing, and im rating it 5  stars :)
lenfour ratingfour i jus started playing.
lenfive ratingfour but i like so fat
lennine ratingone wheneva i opens da app it force close wtf!
lentwo ratingone horrible game
lentwo ratingfive score 3 million
lentwentyfive ratingfive in temple run 2 you have gems to save your life you get more coins and better power ups i hope there is a temple run 3
lenfifteen ratingfive good graphics,smooth game play,nice setting,waterfalls and trains.same goal.just run 4 fun
leneight ratingfive its perfect but when i die it freezes !
lensix ratingfive i mean thats fustrating you know:(
lensix ratingfive nice sequel to the first game
lensixteen ratingfive it has a new giant monster, and it has a lot of unexpected twists and turns!
lennine ratingfive rates would go flying if you added chuck norris
lenseven ratingfive it is defenitly better than temple run
lenthirteen ratingthree some areas are just too hard, seems they were desig designed that way
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lensix ratingfive best game ever its so awesome
leneight ratingfour latest update did make a few noticeable differences.
lenfour ratingfour still some annoying bugs.
lenfifteen ratingfour if you have magnet and get another, it doesn't update the time it lasts.
lenten ratingfive omg.it is so addicting.love it.graphics are awesome.
lenfour ratingfive ohla oi de unos.
leneleven ratingone on my phone, the settings screen cannot be gotten out of.
leneight ratingone the in-game back button does not work.
lenthirteen ratingone the only way to do it is by force stopping, which is unacceptable.
lentwo ratingfive itz fun
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfour ratingfour best temple run ever
lentwentyone ratingone i was gonna try it out but my friends and i have been having trouble with even starting the game up.
lenfive ratingone (even on their phones)           -dissapointed
lenthree ratingfive mantabz deh pokoke.!
leneighteen ratingtwo the app on my phone starts up and then exits the game immediatly very poor at character progess
lenten ratingfive very nice game now it totally fit on my lg l3 e400.
lennine ratingtwo it used to be great before the new updates.
lentwenty ratingtwo i couldn't open the game after the update so i had to reinstall and lose all of my progress.
leneleven ratingtwo after the reinstallation i now can't get the magnet powerup.
lennine ratingtwo and it overall is running about twice as slow
lentwentythree ratingone doesn't work for me every time i click it it just stats at imaginai studios then goes back to my phone menu
lensix ratingfive i could spend hours on it
lentwo ratingone constantly freezes.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it because being chase by a demon monky is my dream
lenseven ratingone downloaded game, but it won't start.
lentwelve ratingfive i've played 70 rounds of this in just a couple of hours.
lentwelve ratingfive no matter how good i do i keep aiming higher and higher.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and cool powerups.
lenfive ratingfive so smooth and no lags
lenseven ratingfive modifications are too good.graphics hav improved
leneight ratingfive i like this game better than the first
lenfive ratingfive it's a excellent game.
lentwo ratingthree awesome game!
lensixteen ratingthree just as much fun as the first one except it lags alot on my htc desire.
lentwelve ratingthree it did get a bit better after the update but still lagging
lensix ratingfive its so very fun to play.
lentwentyone ratingfive there are some bs parts where you have to jump over a spike-covered barrel and a river right after that.
lenthree ratingfive but awesome nevertheless.
lentwelve ratingfive i look forward to more updates containing more game play if possible.
lensix ratingfive everyone would look forward to it
lenfive ratingfive great graphics, challenging & so fun!
lentwentyeight ratingthree fixed most of the problems but when i get a powerup when i am in the middle of the same power up it doesn't last any longer.
lenfiftythree ratingthree and add more upgrades like having the magnet be 3x coins and the old shield from the first one, and its stupid that if i add gems to the powerups that need coins to get the gems go away, the powers should be increased by a percent for every gem and not go away.
lenten ratingthree and make the boosts and special coin powerups last longer
lenfour ratingfive good apps!exellent apps!
lennine ratingone why does this not work on the motorola xprt?
leneight ratingfour hope can do a better game in future
lenten ratingfive best game everrrrrrrrrrr  real time bier 5 hours is like 50 mins
lentwentythree ratingfour better then the first but is annoying tjat it keeps taking back my achievements and characters please fix and i will give 5 stars
leneight ratingone this gam will not work on my phone
lenfifteen ratingfive the first one was good for its time, but this one is so much better!
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is soooooo cool
lensix ratingfour a great improvement over the original.
lenseven ratingfour runs a little slow sometimes(htc inspire).
lenthirteen ratingfour i really enjoy this game as it is waayyy better than the first
lentwentyfour ratingfive but giving all star bcoz i know this game also rock the rules  one thing: where is the back button devs.are u kidding
lennine ratingone full of great ideas and refreshing but almost unplayable.
leneleven ratingone when the swipe gestures will work i'll give it 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfour has better graphics than the first one.
lennine ratingfive it shows clear and lag free on my phone
lensixteen ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix i cant wait for the update
lennine ratingfive its a great game.love it.5 stars deserve it
lenseventeen ratingfour entertaining but freezes sometimes when u elect to use a gem to save life n deducts anyways
lenfive ratingtwo i really like the game!
lentwenty ratingtwo i've played it on other people ipods but for some reason i downloaded the apparently and it wont open.
lenseven ratingtwo sent from the at&t lg 4g thrill
leneleven ratingtwo too many bugs fix them and i'll think about four.,.
lenthirteen ratingfive it i so much better than 1 eveyone has it or has played the 2
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingfive keeps me in suspense sometimes swearing when miss that jump
lennine ratingfive great sequel for the first my high score is 5, 932, 756
lenfive ratingfive the game is so real
lenseven ratingfive it lags alot for the lg marqee
lensix ratingfive i love to play this game
lentwelve ratingfour it is really fun and a lot better then the first one
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing hahaha
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooooo addicting!
leneight ratingfive its better than the first one way better
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensix ratingfive nice n addicting game from apple
lenfive ratingfive addictive like the first one.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive wonderful too play.
lensix ratingfive a nice evolution from the original.
lentwentyone ratingfive i like the way the power ups work better in this one and the mine cart bits are a nice addition.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenten ratingfour it a extremly good game better than then the first ^.^
lenfive ratingfive i am addicted to templr run2
lenfour ratingfive new version is awesome !
lenfive ratingfive kinf off addicted by it
lenthirteen ratingone it looks cool but it wont open on my lg optimus please fix!
lenfour ratingone very laggy, no leaderboards
lenthirteen ratingfive one of d best game at android platform.much better then temple run-1
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game.
lenseven ratingfive i love it more of a challange!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lensix ratingtwo every time i die it freezes.
lenseven ratingtwo and im force to restart my phone.
lenfour ratingfive it is wonderful game
lenseven ratingfive such a lovely game what a imagination .:)
lenfour ratingthree tilt controls lack responsiveness.
lenfour ratingfive game is super cool
lenthirtyfive ratingfour when i got out.then i try to resume by using gem.as soon as i clicked,, the game was closed autometicly.i lose my all coins and high score every time.plz fix it.
lenten ratingfive one of the best adicted game on the market thx.
lennine ratingfive wow juz love it  itz just an amazing gam
lenthree ratingfive vwrw good game
lenseventeen ratingone it just gets stuck on the beginning screen and ends up backing me out of the app.
lennine ratingone can't like an app i can't play :(
lenseven ratingone it doesn't work anymore after update.
lenthree ratingone wouldn't download.
lenfourteen ratingfive so much better then the first and i liked the first one a lot.
leneighteen ratingone it shows me the loading page on my android htc, but doesn't go any farther than that.
lenfive ratingfive wow galing nakakatuwa nmn nakakaadika
lennine ratingone the app when i try to use never works!
lentwenty ratingone i click on it and it goes to the first loading screen about a minute later it exits out everytime
lenfourteen ratingfive i like this i think it'sa good game with a giant death monkey
lennine ratingfive works on my lg motion!:,d great fun game
lentwentyseven ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game ever and even little children and its not even inappropiate and im certain everyone will have a blast playing it.enjoy.
lennine ratingone ok so i installed and went to play it.
lennine ratingone but it crashes as soon as i open it.
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics & very lite in comparison to temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive now even low configuration mobiles can also enjoy it. :)
lenfour ratingfive i like temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics and controls are way better.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfour good game layout love the new powerup features!
lenseven ratingone won't play on my motorola triumph
lenthirteen ratingone will not even start looks like it.s loading for bout a min.
lenten ratingone and thats it vibrates then goes out of the (game)
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensixteen ratingfive nice grafics you made the game better.i cant wait to see what else you got.
lenfive ratingfour awesome game love it much.
leneight ratingfour great game luv it  play it every day
lenfifteen ratingfive i thought the game was really well put much more colorful than the original 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive the changes are great.
lenseven ratingfive overall i can't believe its free
lensix ratingfive no game can challenge this game.
lennine ratingfive the rope ,monkey,new style its so so good.
lenseven ratingfive whpo made this game is a great.
lentwentyone ratingtwo love the new game but its glitches so much on android s! i hate it because it always makes me lose!   >:/
leneleven ratingfive its a very good game that its graphic qualities are amazing
lenseven ratingfive bought this for my 8 year old son.
lensix ratingfive i think i play it more!
lentwo ratingfive extremely addictive!
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it.it never freezes my phone an the animation is great!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive the game i s awesome
lentwentysix ratingfour playing temple run 2 is allowing me to enjoy the first temple run more, because i didn't know about power ups and upgrades until i played tr2.
lenfifteen ratingfour from the first game, i miss being able to complete objectives that aren't displayed.
leneleven ratingfour temple run has much better game play currently, albeit slightly harder.
lentwentytwo ratingfour temple run 2 is better laid out and more friendly, but has numerous bugs and parts of it just don't make sense.
leneleven ratingfour but overall temple run 2 is a good sequel and worth playing.
leneight ratingfour i hope they patch tr2's power ups soon.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is awesome, one of the best game ive ever played on android device
leneleven ratingthree it pauses afta 5 mins gameplay .:-/ n den doesn't work smoothly :-(
lenseven ratingone i have the game on my  ipad.
lenfifteen ratingone i wanted it on my phone and it just stays on the imagi studios screen.
lenfour ratingone need an update please.
lentwo ratingfive more addictive
leneighteen ratingfive does anyone know what to do if all my objectives stop moving even if i keep getting money?
leneight ratingthree great game & graphics but laggy, even after update.
lenten ratingthree sometimes has a hiccup and won't register a swipe.
lenseven ratingthree also, doesn't keep coins in score.
leneleven ratingthree after earning 2000+, then exiting, i came back to all coins gone.
lentwo ratingthree galaxy s3 user.
leneleven ratingfive love it but just give it more ropes to swing on!
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so awesome!
lenten ratingone $#&!@  iwas really looking forward to this and  it doest work!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game iv been waiting for the second one to come out.
lensixteen ratingfive and i love how they made games like subway surfer because its just like temple run
lenten ratingfive wowwwe its a superb game i like t2 than t1 really awesome
lensix ratingfour #2 became the #1, fun game to play
lenten ratingthree sound off doesn't work and tilt is pretty sketchy.
leneleven ratingthree sometimes swiping to turn is too fast and sometimes too slow.
leneight ratingthree get trips and falls that shouldn't be.
lenfourteen ratingthree also, the fast forward at start is very misleading: it's 2500 coins, not 2500 meters.
leneight ratingfour great game but hopefully they fix the glitches.
lensix ratingfour but it is a great game
lenfour ratingfive very like this game
lentwelve ratingfive this game is good and is way better than the first one
lenten ratingfive is 1 of the best game i ever tried to play
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenseven ratingfour has a couple problems but good game.
lentwelve ratingfour a lil confusing with the wide open turns but definitely an improvement
lentwentyone ratingfive i just wish the perps lasted longer other than that great game it makes the first temple run easy to beat
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time! :)
lentwo ratingfive great job
lenthirteen ratingfive it is a really great and i just like the start of it.
lenfourteen ratingfive omg i didn't think that temple run could get better but it did! <3
lennine ratingfive it is better than the first one :) great game.
lennine ratingfive keep it up imangi studios but a little favor.
lenseven ratingfive can you change karma lee's appearance?
lenfourteen ratingfive she looks like a boy when she's running but still a great game ;)
leneleven ratingfive lol i love this game its way better than temple run 1!
lentwentyfour ratingtwo better game than the first but had to delete because after i installed it to my phone the phone started glitching and locking up.
lentwelve ratingfour i use android platform and sometimes the game pauses or gets jumpy.
lennine ratingfour idk if that's the program or the platform.
lennine ratingfour i am enjoying the new version despite the jumpiness.
lentwentyone ratingfour i wish you could see all the possible objectives, though, and not just the ones for the level you're on.
lenthirteen ratingfour it'd be nice to know what other things i'm striving for.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is temple run but better and its also very addicting and awesome.
leneight ratingfour really awesome game much better than temple run 1.
lennine ratingfour the only thing,  it freezes alot making you lose.
leneight ratingthree enable double powerups, objectives: 500,000 coins cant be completed
leneight ratingfive it sometimes lags when it starts going fast.
lenfifteen ratingfive i have it on the lowest graphical settings so it will.lag the least ammount.
lentwelve ratingfive other wise besides that its an awesome game and i love it.
lennine ratingfive was addicted to the first and had stopped playing.
lenfive ratingfive i like the new features.
lennine ratingone it won't load to play after it downloads
lentwelve ratingfive nice game takes u to a new trill of adventure exxellent grapics.
leneleven ratingfive but runs a bit slow on android phone having 512 mb ram
lenthirty ratingone new update made a huge difference but im still getting my cell frozen or restarted, but not as much as before please be another update to fix that issue please
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfifteen ratingfive an update with coins per game and meters per game under stats would be useful.
lenfourteen ratingfive when competing with your friends having the highest score shouldnt be the only goal
leneight ratingone ive heard this gives your phone a virus.
lenfive ratingone this is wayyyyy too buggy.
lentwentythree ratingone i was playing for around 2weeks switched phones and it still kept my progress then randomly i play one day and it reset everything.
lenthirteen ratingfive i was playing another game when this came out, & now that lies forgotten!
lenten ratingfive the devs clearly worked a lot on part 2, & it shows.
leneleven ratingfive the game is completely awesome and the graphics are mind blowing.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneleven ratingfive i tried the first one and this one is much better.
lennineteen ratingone game stinks not sequel off temple run  sequel of subway surfers if you want a good games dont copy
lenthree ratingfive loovveeee this game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive a bit too addictive, but great
lentwo ratingfour highly recommended.
lensix ratingfive this game is off the chain
leneleven ratingfive everything about this game is magnificent gameplay and graphics well done!
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive wonderful too play.
lentwo ratingfour fast action.
lenseven ratingfour keeps you on your toes.good game.
lenfour ratingfive great game better graphics
lentwo ratingfive excellent app!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lennine ratingfive awsome love it hope it be a temple run 3
lenfifteen ratingfive as awesome and addicting as this game is i wouldn't mind paying for it.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour free gamr that is challenging and helps pass the time .
lenfive ratingone please fix and ill rate 5!
lenthree ratingone samsung galaxy tab.
lenfour ratingone urgently need to play!
lenten ratingfive i can finally play this game and i love it!
lenfive ratingfive good job on the update.
lensixteen ratingfour i have completed 500000 life time coins but objective for 500000 named as gold minor not completed yet.
lennine ratingone it sucks keeps cutting off everytyme i get on
leneight ratingfive great game great way to make time fly
lensix ratingfive the entire family kinds this game.
lensix ratingfive by far, my favorite game app.
lensix ratingfive i just hate the tunnel part
leneight ratingfour should have chance to win & collect additional coins.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is an awesome game to play on the road or on the couch.
lenthree ratingfour its extremely addicting.
lentwenty ratingfour this is a 5 star game but it will force close sometimes and it only happens on an extremely good run.
lentwenty ratingfive the best ever highly recommended thank god for whoever created it shout out to emanuel and philip hudson she rachett
lenfive ratingthree much better than temple run
lenthirteen ratingthree it's an awesome game, but it keeps cutting on,and shutting off
lenfiftythree ratingone first of all, getting to 5,000 coins is really hard! :( they always restart! and getting two of the same power ups in a row, doesn't make it last longer, it ends with the first one. fix both, or tell me how to keep my coins from disappearing, and i'll reconsider the stars. :)
lensix ratingfive it's totally fun trust me
lensix ratingfive it's better than the original.
leneight ratingfive my favorite addition is the new power ups.
lenfifteen ratingthree while i installed this it seems it is only working correctly on large screen mobiles.
lennineteen ratingthree installs and plays in a small screen verry funny on my lg 3 mobile   the above was my last review.
lentwelve ratingthree however it has changed to a great game after resolution issue resolved.
lenfourteen ratingthree but one samll issue issue again started, the game pauses after every 500 m run.
lenfourteen ratingthree has started happening on the tr 1 too after the latest update for tr2 was installed.
lentwelve ratingfive enjoy the game most defintly  is there going to be a part 3:)?
lentwelve ratingtwo this app has great graphics but the game it's self sucks.
leneight ratingfive this notification pops up advertising about temple run 2.
lennine ratingfive i decide to get it,  being free and all.
lennineteen ratingfive well,  when i clicked on the app,  i thought it would just be a boring sequel to temple run.
lensix ratingfive its overall amazing and super fun.
leneight ratingfive after one session of playing i was hooked!
lennine ratingfive great job & i can't wait for temple run 3!
lensixteen ratingone when i start tis app on the loading screen it exits why  im using galaxy tab p1000
lentwelve ratingfour a little laggy at times but other than that it's good!
lenthree ratingfive easy to play
lenfive ratingfive better graphics than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive i love this.game  cant go on a day without playing it.
lentwo ratingfive fun af
lenseven ratingfive very addictive game.praise for the developers.
lensix ratingfive i love it on level seven
lensix ratingfive nice update to the original version
lenfourteen ratingone i was unlocking the barry bones character and i was not connected to internet.
lensixteen ratingone when i connected to the onternet, my 15k is gone but barry bones is not yet unlocked.
lenseven ratingfive uninstall + reinstall = bug stealing my coins fixed.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingfive best game i've played and it is free.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
lennine ratingfive comparitive with old version it is very good develops
leneight ratingfour love the game, huge improvement from the first.
lenseventeen ratingfour my only criticism, the power ups don't add to the previous if they are the same.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour so if i get a coin magnet, and at the tail end of its time i get another, the time doesn't add on, it's like i never picked up the second one.
leneight ratingfive i just cant stop playing this game, really.
lentwo ratingfive five star!
lennine ratingfour i love temple run 2 can't wait for the 3rd :)
lenseven ratingfour would get five but it glitches alot.
lenfive ratingfive and takes ages to load
lenfifteen ratingfive this games is super cool just a little more challenging then the first temple run
lenthree ratingfive challenging and fun
lenten ratingfour its addictive game.playing on my galaxy s2 is awesome experiance.
lenseven ratingfive this game is better than the original
lenthree ratingfive so funnnn hahaha
lensixteen ratingfour still getting used to the depth of the graphics compared to no. 1 but it's good!
lenfifteen ratingfour and btw, why does the monkey dog keep up with me when i speed up?
lenseven ratingfour should be able to widen the gap.
lenfour ratingfive j'aime ce jouet!
lennine ratingfive mais il peut marcher lentement des temps en temps
lentwentyone ratingthree i love this game its just that the game is so lag for my xperia j. plz fix plz plz plz
lenthree ratingfive wasting my time
lensix ratingtwo i even thought of rating tp2 5 stars.
lenten ratingtwo but now i cant even play because it wont open!
leneight ratingtwo i had reinstalled but the same issue happen.
lenfifteen ratingfour i like the game but it keep freezing on me they need to fix that
lenfive ratingfive luv it better then first
lenfifteen ratingfive im usually more of a puzzle game person but this game is my new favorite.
leneight ratingone dis app stinks dosent work bs no stars :(
lensix ratingfive best graphics and total new surprises.
lenseven ratingfour i wish it was a multi player!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfive nice bt nt more than first part actly its harder than first.
lentwelve ratingfour i like the original better but i enjoy this game as well.
lenfive ratingfive great job on this sequel.
lenfourteen ratingfive the first one got boring quick, but i keep coming back to this one.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i was litl bit bored by some idiotic games recently but after dis game im happy .brilliant work,brilliant graphics nd brilliant run.suppa like <3
leneighteen ratingfive it nice for s company to improve on their previous work,there are alot more tweeks i love
lenthirteen ratingtwo purchased a 50 gems pack last night, until now i haven't received any. :-(
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
leneight ratingfive smooth but some small bugs, still awesome though
leneight ratingfour its a great game but it keeps lagging
lentwo ratingfive hoi nice
lenthirteen ratingfive this game has far advanced temple run to and even more seductive game.
lennine ratingfive they really know how to make a great sequal.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game but hanging sometime.
lentwo ratingfive owsme game.
leneight ratingfive love it i m addicted with the game.
lenten ratingfour temple run 2 is a huge leap ahead of the original.
lensixteen ratingfour the game has an old school arcadish flavour to it, and the environs are absolutely breathtaking!
leneighteen ratingfour the actions are smoother and the addition of new characters and unlockables gives the game a new dimension.
lenten ratingfive never used to get bored even aftr playin more than 1000tyms :-)
lennine ratingfive one of best game i was seen in market.
lentwo ratingfive simply fun.
lenthree ratingfive recommended game ever
lenfourteen ratingfour much improved than the original, although, i miss the cheat in the tutorial mode!
lennine ratingfive it is better than the first one :) great game.
lennine ratingfive keep it up imangi studios but a little favor.
lenseven ratingfive can you change karma lee's appearance?
lenfourteen ratingfive she looks like a boy when she's running but still a great game ;)
lenfour ratingfive fantastic game no word
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
lenfourteen ratingfive it's the best game ever way way way better then the first ine
lensixteen ratingfive looks great on gs3, and the best sequel to any game i've played on a phone.
lenfifteen ratingfive this version is way better than the first one and lots more fun to play.
lenfive ratingfive no shit they improved it
lentwelve ratingfive damm addictive .have to get into rehab to get rid of it
lenseven ratingfour the one sided edge is too thin.
lenseventeen ratingfour not a big problem but i just think it not making it harder but more annoying instead.
lensix ratingfour other than then that, awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfive this is so amazing temple run is just crap compared to this!
lenfour ratingfive this is awesome game.
lenseventeen ratingfour its fantastic game .i want 5 star this game .but isle mud ka para nahi lagta.but nice
lenfour ratingfive the graphic is amazing!
lenfourteen ratingfive even better than the first one =d some minor bugs, but its more engaging
lentwo ratingfive sngat bgus
lenfour ratingfive very good job developers
lenfourteen ratingfive yr aa game minu bhut vdia lage te minu ghed ke bahut maza aaya
lenfour ratingone sucks repeatative no imagination.
lenten ratingone tries to get you to spend money all the time.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lentwelve ratingfive runs beautifully, strong graphics performance, and way more fun than the original.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lennine ratingfive fun to play at work when you are bored
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennineteen ratingtwo i've had this game for weeks and a few hours ago, it won't get passed imangi studios.
lennine ratingtwo it crashes and goes back to the home screen.
lenten ratingtwo i don't want to uninstal and loose my progress!
lenfive ratingfive love this game, so addicting.
lentwelve ratingtwo the game is good but it lags on my samsung galaxy wonder.
lentwelve ratingtwo hope you fix this issue so that i can enjoy the game.
lenthirteen ratingone i lose coins that i had previously earned every time i log in.
lensix ratingfive i love this game sooo much!
lenthirtysix ratingfour i love the game and it runs pretty well, but i am on level 8 and the objective for 500,000 lifetime coins filled maybe 80% and now i have all the coins but it won't update this objective.
lenfive ratingfour please fix this issue soon.
leneleven ratingone this game just sucks don't download u waste my time!
lenfour ratingone on this stupid game
lenfour ratingfive i like temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingtwo when one catches two same kind of power ups, the power up time does not start over.
lenten ratingthree whenever i m getting a call in between the game.
lenseven ratingthree the game gets restarted after the call.
lenthree ratingthree else its perfect.
leneleven ratingfour better than sorry far better than first but not the best.
lenten ratingfour excellent effort by imangi but lots of improvement is require.
lentwentythree ratingfour many times i complete some task but present task is different after completing it new task is the same that i completed before.
leneighteen ratingfour i want thier is a list of whole tasks not level wise and after completing tasks increase multiplier.
lenfour ratingfive fun and beast game
lensix ratingfive already a classic live this game
leneleven ratingone why cant i download the game to my samsung galaxy reverb!?
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game
lennine ratingfive superb i loved this game best graphics nice view
leneight ratingfour it hangs down whenever i use "save me".
lentwo ratingfour otherwise excellent.
lenthree ratingfour fine gaming app
lenseven ratingthree this is far better than previous one
lentwentyone ratingfive i'm obsessed and if you play this game you will get addicted trust me <3 you won't regrett downloading it !
leneight ratingfive i am by far impressed with this sequel.
lenfourteen ratingfive the improved graphics, additional added features, and etc. definitely makes the game more enjoyable.
lenthirteen ratingfive i cant put my phone down for a second cause im so addicted!
lenfour ratingfive great job on this!
lentwentytwo ratingfive the only thing that's bothering me is the loading time to get to the menu and it often lags while playing.
lenfourteen ratingfive (update: theres less laggyness from the latest update so im very happy with that!)
leneight ratingtwo i am unable to install in htc 3d evo.
lensixteen ratingfour i rarely do reviews but this game was worth taking out the time to do one.
leneleven ratingfour really good game and it follows the first one so well.
leneight ratingfour i'm on it all the time lool
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive aseome stuuff
lenthirteen ratingthree its not that bad bt a lil bit harder than the first one
lentwo ratingfour kool app.
lentwo ratingfive nice tricks
lenseven ratingfour enjoyable and addictive all i can say
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenfive ratingfive its fun playing every time.
lenseven ratingfive should have this installed in ur smartphone.
lentwo ratingfive goooooooooooooooooooooooood game
lenten ratingfour fun, best part is the wheel thing i would recomend
lenseven ratingfive its the mst  game.all of other
lenseven ratingone lags like crazy on samsung galaxy s 4g.
lenseven ratingfour please add support to samsung galaxy pocket
lenfive ratingfive very very nice.enjoying fully
lennine ratingfour it just ok but very tipical overall great app.
lenfive ratingfour the game is very addictive.
leneleven ratingfour i give 4 stars because some parts are impossible to make jumps.
lenfifteen ratingfour for example, i jump a river, but to only have a spike rollers right afterwards.
leneighteen ratingfour here is the catch, when doing the jump  the game leaves a foot of space between the two.
lentwo ratingfive hello fun
lenfive ratingfive very excited to play this :-)
lenseven ratingfive no lag or anything eat that.apple
lenseventeen ratingone wont load if it loaded it would be a game but this is a imangi logo picture
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingfive good sequel.but i think it is easier then the first one
leneight ratingone not new all most same as temple run
leneight ratingfour i would hv given 5* if it never hangs.
lentwo ratingfive 9 mil baby
lenfour ratingone easily got to level 8.
lenten ratingone it was fun, then i got stuck with 3 lifetime obj.
lensix ratingone 500k coins 1 mil coins and 10 mil meters.
lenthirtyone ratingone figuring i could average 2000 coins and 5000meters a game taking 3 mins to play each game, it would take 500 games or 25 hours to get coins, and 2000 games or 100 hours to get the meters!
leneleven ratingone i look for games i want to play not have to!
lentwelve ratingone what am i suppose to do for the next few hundred games?
leneleven ratingone i now have nothing to buy or objectives to try for.
lentwentyfour ratingfour better than the last game such as smoothness, graphics etc. but still has very minor bugs which will hopefully be fixed in the update!
lenten ratingfive very addicted game and runs smooth on my xperia p
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive this game rocks it s tots awsome
lentwentythree ratingthree this game was amazing until i updated it not it freezes and there is a lag which sucks cuz i liked the game
lensix ratingfive it`s better than temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lentwentysix ratingfive ingeniously simple this game is simply the most addictive fun to be had on a phone game yet and the graphics are a huge improvement on 1
lentwo ratingfour addictive game
lenfortyfive ratingone i'm not liking this at all, i was a huge fan on tr1 but this one i'm not a fan of at all, i don't like how the screen moves for the most part.the graphics are good and it runs just fine.
lenfourteen ratingone but i don't recommend it as a fan of the first temple run.
lennine ratingone i maxed all the abilities then the game restarted.
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome
lenfive ratingfive the new version is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive but i'm expecting more from imangi
lenfour ratingfour v nice to play
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive the first one was a little lame but this one is so awsome :)
lenseven ratingfive big ups from the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's better than 1st one, cause u can uograde and more game options.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lennine ratingfour the visuals and the new power ups are great.
leneight ratingfour i would give 5 stars after the next update
lenfour ratingfive superb app.love it.
lenfive ratingfive i played temple run 1 earlier.
lentwentyseven ratingfive but then got bored playing it a lot  i used to play subway surfers and i loved it  but now temple run 2 is taking place of it!
lensix ratingfive nuch better graphices nice and enjoyable
lensix ratingfive it is nice game.so goooooood
lensix ratingfour i really like this one better.
lentwentysix ratingfour i find that its a little more challenging and i like that you have the option to continue playing after dying by using the gem thing.
lenseventeen ratingfour my issue with this is that i hate that they got rid of the invisible power up.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour i also hate that, for example, when you're using the magnet power up and while the magnet is still active and you get another one it doesn't last longer like in the original temple run.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour also this might be a glitch, but whenever i upgrade my power up, to last longer, it keeps telling me i only need one gem to upgrade but i've been losing two gems.
lenfour ratingfive nice upgrades.superb gameplay!
lentwo ratingthree temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive excillent feature pls increase difficulty like monster after 5 levels btw its fantastic.:)
lenseven ratingfive really good app but often gets hanged
lentwentysix ratingfive great game especially in its new cloths, but i wish i can continue the level, why should i start from the begining every time i loose
lenseven ratingthree has some problems on me droid razr.
lentwo ratingfour temle run
lenfive ratingone i just want to cry.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour but i like fmh better
lenten ratingone when i open this game it keep saying force close
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive warning: highly addictive. :-)
lenfive ratingfour way better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive thank you so much for this game .
lentwo ratingfive epic graphics!
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenfour ratingfive love this game muuhhh.
lentwelve ratingfive finally the best mobile game works smoothly on sony xperia sola. :-) happy!
lenfive ratingfive bye bye to subway surfers.
lenthree ratingfive very amazing game!
lenthree ratingfive enjoyable and challenging
lenseven ratingfour freaking awesome game eventhough always lose haha.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a very nice game i wish there is a temple run 3
leneight ratingfour would be better if it didn't lag.
lenseventeen ratingfour i can't see jewels and coin collectors and stuff like that until it is too late.
lenfifteen ratingfour also, it doesn't count coins until about 1800 so itbis impossible to get new runners.
leneight ratingfive a game which everyone should have to play.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo so you can make the sensitivity a bit better and if i finish an objective ahead of my levels it pops up when i reach that level!
lensix ratingtwo if you fix that definite 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lennine ratingfive the guy looks real and the graphics are great.
lennine ratingfive love this game, think its better then the first!
lentwenty ratingfive nice application temple run 2 more enjoyable den temple one game .then wat for you guys download it .its superb game.
lenthree ratingfive shetty from mumbai
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenthree ratingfour very nice game
lentwo ratingfive top sequel
lennineteen ratingfive i just can't resist myself.i keep on playing this game.graphics and all new additions are excellent
lensix ratingthree much too fun of a game.
lentwentythree ratingthree spent hours playing this and would've given 5 stars but i noticed that the game would bug very badly the longer you run.
lenfortyfive ratingthree there are too many frustrating moments where the game doesn't pick up my swipe motions because it was too busy loading part of the maze, causing me to lose my streak (and my graphics settings are low as possible!) must fix in next update.
lenten ratingfive waited ages for this game and it was worth it
lenseventeen ratingfour das spiel ist eine gute verbesserung des originalen temple run weil es eine viel bessere grafik hat.
lenfifteen ratingfour das gameplay lsst aber schon etwas zu wnschen brig da man manchmal beim abbiegen nicht abbiegt sondern geradeaus luft.
lenthree ratingfour fr jetzt aber schonmal 4sterne.
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lenten ratingfive my first choice  it's outstanding amazing full of adventure ,,,,,,,,
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo this game is fun its amazing but it takes ur coins away after u die and it kinda lags not bad but it still does please fix it and this game will be awesome!
lenten ratingfour it is interesting and more fun than the previous one .
lentwenty ratingone i already downloaded the temple run 2 in my samsung p1010 galaxy tablet direct from google play but it doesn't work.
lenten ratingone can you please resolve this issue as soon as possible?
lentwelve ratingfive love love loce it.great game.i cant get enough of it.
lenfour ratingone backpage file is invalid?
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lennine ratingfour there is some missing stuff in these game (glitches)
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenseventeen ratingfive its quick and easy control compared to previous version and many more things to explore while playing.
lenfour ratingfive love the tunnel ride.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfour iys pretty cool game
lenthree ratingfive great great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive much easier to obtain the new characters in this one than the first.
lenten ratingfive great graphics and haven't had any problems with it.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour when try to go back in screen option .can't go.and when game is over.sometimes game is hang on one place.fix this problem and i'll give you 5 stars.
lenfourteen ratingtwo good game but way to laggy needs to have more of these bugs fixed.
lenfour ratingfour great game, great graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfour kinda hard at times 10x better than the first one follow me@ kingdramafree on instagram
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lentwo ratingfive hahaha astig
lenthree ratingfive super game fantastic
lenthirtysix ratingone there are heaps of glitches, one being the last few times i have played and had over $2000 coins, the next time i  play i only had 400 coins or 1000 coins and i haven't bought any upgrades.
lentwenty ratingone also there is a lot of lag issues in the game which is causing me to fail all the time.
lentwelve ratingone i realise this is a new game, but it needs bug fixes.
leneight ratingone game initiate then automatically closed after few seconds.
lensix ratingone this was happen after second update.
lennine ratingfour sensitivity could be better, no option to increase sensitivity
lenthree ratingfour some time freezes.
lenthree ratingfour time killer game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive somthing cool to do when bored!
lenfive ratingfour great app love the upgrades.
lentwentysix ratingfour what makes it 4 stars is that i made a purchase for coins and it's been 30 mins and it still hasn't posted on my game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lensix ratingfive much better than the original game.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfifteen ratingfive its even much better than the original temple run.amazing graphics .just love this game.!.
lenfive ratingfive i played temple run 1 earlier.
lentwentyseven ratingfive but then got bored playing it a lot  i used to play subway surfers and i loved it  but now temple run 2 is taking place of it!
lenthree ratingfive love this app.
lenfive ratingfive play it all the time.
lenfourteen ratingfive in some places its a bit laggy but that might just be my pad.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are so realistic and i also love the new power ups.
lentwo ratingfive great job
lenthree ratingfive exciting and challenging
lensix ratingfive an absolute gem of a game.
lenfive ratingfive surpasses its predecessor by miles.
lenfour ratingthree just love the graphics
lenten ratingfive graphics are veeeeryyyy good works perfect on my s3 and iphone 4s
lenthirteen ratingone why i can't download this games,,,? please i want play this games,,,,!
lentwo ratingthree wow awesome.
leneleven ratingfive finally its here because it was first in apple store thanks!
lenseven ratingfive i love this game in my note 2
lentwo ratingfive awesm game
leneleven ratingthree in this new update some bug is there pls fix that
lenten ratingfive this is a brilliant game, a guaranteed time killer :-d
lenfour ratingfive mast game hy by .
lenthirteen ratingfour it's a pretty good game it's kinda hard but overall amazing
lentwo ratingfive outstanding game
lenten ratingone this game couldn't download on my huawei ideos s7 slim.
lenfour ratingone error always pops out.
lentwenty ratingthree you need to sort out the sensitivity when you move your phone left+right, it's appalling to be honest.
lenfourteen ratingone game won't start in my samsung galaxy tab 7.0   please do something about it.
lenthree ratingone it force closed.
leneight ratingfive the floating touch issue totally solved:-) addictive game:-)
lenfive ratingfive best gift on my vacation.
lenseven ratingfive no one game is better than this.
lenfour ratingfive god bless you developers.
lenseven ratingfive this is cool its compatible with ziio
lenthree ratingfive exciting, thrilling, challenging !
lennineteen ratingthree would be better if my coins wouldnt just disappear after reaching about 2000 and reset to 360 thats bull s#%t.
leneighteen ratingfour or something but then after the update i was only level 3 and some of the upgrades were lost.
lenfive ratingfive awosome game love it  gdb
lennine ratingfour i wait this for 3days to release on my android.
lensix ratingfour exciting game.can't stop running.
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever seen.
lenseven ratingfive this game is having super duper graphics. .
lentwo ratingfour nice game!
lentwentytwo ratingfive the game is really awesome.running is so much fun.the game is highly addictive.one should really play temple run 2.:d
leneight ratingfive yes know where is 3 but take ur time
lennine ratingfour awesum gme with my s3 phone jst luv dis gme.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is reasonably good although i find an occasional bug in which i continously run on the spot when i revive.
lennine ratingfive its called a game what i wish to have.
lenthirtysix ratingone after the game starts i see the imangi studio thingy then it stays on the start screen  then blacks out and returns to my home page this is very annoying i'm using a motorola triumph
lensix ratingfive it's fun, fast, and free.
lenthirteen ratingfive very nice and interesting game.lots of graphics which brings the player fun.
lenthree ratingfive nice game.:-x
lenthree ratingfive gr8 app loved it
lenseventeen ratingfour muting all in game sounds doesn't mute the menu button press noise or footsteps in game.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise good game.
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is better than the previous temple run in any way you can describe.
lenseven ratingfive the smoothness, new features are just excellent.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwelve ratingfive awesome.:) love the graphics.sometimes the background is not visible in time.
lenten ratingfour would be 5 stars but my completed objectives are not updating.
lenthirtysix ratingone as i open the game it just shows the imangi studios written page and then brings me back to my homepage i really want to play. . .pls fix and i will give 5 stars. . .pls dont ignore!
lenseven ratingone i hav complained earlier but no response!
leneight ratingfive nice game,smooth and fast with good graphic.
lenseven ratingfive an excellent game once again by imangi
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive great time pass n great visual treat
leneleven ratingfive i've playing it sinc3 i've downloaded itt.tmple 2 is awsssome
lenfourteen ratingfive the first one didn't even get  to me but this one, is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so nice!=)
lensixteen ratingfive this is awesome game i enjoy it every time i play it on my s advance
lenseven ratingtwo on my phone it hangs so much
lenseven ratingfive definitely the best game in the genre
lentwo ratingfour nice app
lenthree ratingfour full time pass.<3
leneighteen ratingone i can open the game but after a few seconds it just goes back to the home screen.
lenseven ratingfive its da best game in the world.
lensixteen ratingfive i tried to play it on phone but here in my htc huwawei, it doesnt play.
lensixteen ratingfive i rated it 5stars coz i know its deserving but please upgrade it for the other devices.
lensix ratingfive please be informed abt this prblem.
lenseven ratingfive love how you use power ups now.
lenten ratingfive much better than the previously already very good first edition.
lenfour ratingfive love to play it
leneight ratingfive more enjoying with n more powerful in graphics.
lenten ratingtwo coin count drops back to zero after every other run.
lentwo ratingfive sweet game!
lentwentyfive ratingfive one major thing thank you for making this game free coz if it was not i would have to download it trough blackmart thanks again
lensixteen ratingone as soon as i open it, it just crashes and brings me back to my homescreen
lenfour ratingfour nice graphics and hurdles
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfour not working on motorola defy with 2.2 version.
lensixteen ratingfive much much better than temple run the layout objectives the refreshed menu really what a job
lenthree ratingfive its addictative ar.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics were way better good job
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenseven ratingfive this is an excellent.its very addictive.
lenfive ratingfive best action adventure game ever
lentwo ratingfour surprisingly fun.
lentwentyfour ratingthree mine wont even come off the first loading page wish it would ive plaued it on ipods good game (wish i could play though)
lentwo ratingfive aesthetically awesome.
lentwo ratingfive nice game:)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfour best game ever.but really confusing xd
lentwentyfive ratingfive since updated,,,while playing the game keeps blocking and it stops by itself,,am an addicted but cnt play not bkoz of blocking.plz fix! :'(
lentwentysix ratingthree i have bought $9.99 and havent recieved the coins yet, will give 5 stars after i get my coins, but overall this is a amazing game, so addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfive playing on q mobile noir a 10 .really love this game and also the previous  version.
lenfourteen ratingfour hard but very nice game.you cannot help but try to outrun your last
lentwo ratingfive suuuuupa game
lennine ratingthree like the original, there's the occasional accelerometer freeze.
lensixteen ratingthree also, when i try to jump my character suddenly turns 90 degrees and falls to the side.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree this is a fine game indeed, although it needs a sensitivity setting, its kinda hard to make quick turns on the mine cart because the accelerometer isnt reacting as fast as i want it to.
lenten ratingtwo it dosnt work and i rather many monkeys than one
lensix ratingfour its awesome its just missing something
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is a really addictive game.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphic are amazing, even u can set the graphic quality this time!
lensix ratingfive looking forward for the 3rd series. :d
lennine ratingfour great game even tough i haven't played number 1
lenfive ratingfive its better then temple run 1
lenten ratingone pls fix this issue i do not download the game .
lenfour ratingone i hope you response
leneleven ratingfive it's an awesome game, better than the previous temple run.
leneleven ratingfive but if it had more gems to collect in a game
lentwentyfour ratingfour great game definitely an improvement frm the last.but it freezer up for a second or so and tilt sensitivity is low.pls update
lenthirtynine ratingfive when i activate coin magnet powerup if i got another powerup while running it suppose to be extend the duration but it finish as soon as the first one please fix it imangi chaining the powerup will extend score.
lensixteen ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix i cant wait for the update
lentwenty ratingfour it will be better if there is an option to log in to facebook but it still an awesome game :-)
lensix ratingfive a lot better than the 1st one
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive tooo gooood!
lensix ratingthree 5k and 1m lifetime coin are not updating.
lenfour ratingfive it is wonderful game
lenseven ratingfive this is totally addictive,and perfectly perfect
lentwenty ratingthree this game is so fun i can't put it down just wish it wouldn't freeze up so much
lenten ratingfive in my opinion its better than the first temple run
lenfour ratingfour laggy a little bit
lenseven ratingfive no siempre las segundas partes son malas.
lensix ratingfive even better than the earlier versions.
lentwo ratingfive amazing app
lentwentysix ratingfive i play on my tablet i think it has great graphics and is a fantastic game, the only downside is it's harder than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive better than the og on most cases.
lenfive ratingfive the best running game ever.
lenseven ratingfour this games is very fun and addicting.
lentwelve ratingfour there are a few glitches and bugs that they need to fix.
lensix ratingone it's not like temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenthree ratingfive loving the improvements.
lenseven ratingfive very addictive game.love it so much!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics :-):-):-):-):-)
lentwentythree ratingfive game is cool.but wen i try to update it shows as authentication error.i can download all others games from store.help.
lenthirtyone ratingthree my temple run 2 is always hang up then it restart, when you load it again it will hang up again then the game data is deleted please fix that thank you.
lenfour ratingtwo i loved the game.
lentwelve ratingtwo until i caved in and purchased the double coin value and 150k coins.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i got charged and 8 hours later still haven't gotten what i paid for.
lensix ratingfive one of the most exciting game
lenseven ratingfive best game to play in loo. :p
lenseven ratingfive ain't nobody messing with my score
lensix ratingfive it lives up to the hype.
lenfive ratingfive great sequel to the first.
lenseventeen ratingfive great game, the graphics are crisper and it's a much funner game than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive iz     gud game
lennine ratingfive i reely like this gam its better than temple run1
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2 ! <3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingone this game will not open on the motorola bravo.
lenten ratingone it goes to the first loading screen thing then crashes.
lennine ratingone fix and i will definitely give a 5 star review.
lenthirteen ratingone i have played this game on my friends phone and fell in love.
lenseventeen ratingone i'm using samsung galaxy ii.why did i can't install this application in my phone.
lentwelve ratingfive ce jeu est trs beau il te donne l'envi de le pratiquer
lenten ratingfive the 500k lifetime coins is a bug - no achivment for that.
lensix ratingfive fix it plz. i want lvl 9
lentwenty ratingfour sometimes it happens that 2 waterfalls or 2 shredders (whatever they're called) appear one after another, being unable to dodge them.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour if you have a powerup activated (using double tap) and then if you encounter the same powerup on the road, if you activate it then it will not refresh the duration of the powerup.
lenthirtynine ratingfour (but if you do the opposite, find it on the road and then  activate via double tap then duration is refreshed properly. this is for now. keep up the good work. will increase rating once the bugs are fixed.
lennine ratingfive this is amazing  love the graphics but its hard
leneleven ratingfour still a little bit problem when we come over half bridge
lentwentytwo ratingfour it is a good game but can't take gestures some times on samsung galaxy s duos(gt-7562) try to solv it
lenseven ratingfive this game is hard and more fun
lentwelve ratingfour i loved the first temple run game but this one is better.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is as addictive as the first one with improved graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive best game iv ever played on a phone 10x as good as the last one, thank you.
lentwentythree ratingone worked great at first then i got a score of 2 mill and it deleted my data and wont work now fix it please
leneighteen ratingfive this app is sooo awesome.l. especially cause i play it in my samsung tab so its big.
lenthree ratingfive really enjoyed playing.
lenfortyone ratingfive this is the best game i ever played i'm so addicted i wake up in the morning and start playing and sometimes don't go to bed till after midnight theirs only five stars but i give it a ten
lenfour ratingfour gr8 graphic and gaming enviroment
lensixteen ratingfive great game, looking forward to the next game from inangi studios.keep the good work up.
lenseven ratingfive it was epic when i played it
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.
leneight ratingfour tilting is a crucial motion in this game.
lenfourteen ratingone the graphics are horrible and every time my person turns it hurts my eyes
leneight ratingfive had for a few days and was great.
leneleven ratingfive two bars either side on start up picture of imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive using samsung galaxy s2
lenten ratingfive my 8 year old enjoys playing,  but i need my phone.?
lenseven ratingone wont let me keep more than 2500 coins!
lensix ratingone how am i supposed to upgrade?
lensix ratingone it just resets.frustrated and uninstalling.
lennineteen ratingfour but i can't find my coins no matter how much i collect i only find 300 coins plzz help
lenfour ratingfive its fun to play!
lenseven ratingfive very good graphic and interesting love it
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfour ratingfive game is very addicting :-)
lentwo ratingfive tottaly mindblowing
lenten ratingfour great game i like it better than the first one
lenfive ratingfive ya this graphics is good
lentwo ratingfive nice app!
lenthree ratingfive absolutely amazing game!
lenfour ratingfive free time well spent!
lenseven ratingfour can't get difference between different runner
lensix ratingfive great graphics, definitely has me hooked!
lentwelve ratingthree it is a good app and game except i keep losing money.
leneight ratingthree fix it and i will give 5 star rating.
lentwo ratingfive enjoying game
lensix ratingfive awesome game.far more better than 1
lentwo ratingfive lika  boss
lennineteen ratingfour the game is not the same as the first to much and i didn't like the 1st too much
lenfour ratingfive the smoothness is astounding.
lentwelve ratingfive this game doesn't seem like an afterthought to the ios version.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenten ratingone the game freezes a lot when you tap save me.
lenthree ratingone ruins the game
lentwo ratingfour cool app
lenthree ratingfive its highly addictive.
lenfour ratingfive beware of the idol.
lenfive ratingfive i love it.its awesum :-)
lenfour ratingfive please install it fast .
lenfour ratingone this game is awful.
leneighteen ratingone with its twists and turns and just badness it doesnt respond well to ur touch and phone motion.
lenseven ratingone also who thought of the color choice.
leneleven ratingone it is the worst colors for the eyes playing a game.
lenthree ratingone dont like it.
lenseven ratingone like the first one hate the second
leneleven ratingfive this temple run totally beats the first one in every category
lentwelve ratingfive add some more places like the mines and the zip lines please .
lentwo ratingfive love itttttt!
lenthree ratingfour best free game!
lenfour ratingfive great graphix,love it
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfourteen ratingfive this game has a great improvement than temple run its smooth and great graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive and that new big monster gives a real cause to run in between jungle like that
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneighteen ratingthree temple run 2 is awesome but is lagging very much on single core phones even in sony xperia phones.
leneight ratingfive the best mobile game i have ever played!
lensix ratingthree 500,00 lifetime coins wont show as complete
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lensix ratingfive definitely a must have for fans.
leneleven ratingfive the original was awesome but did get boring during long runs.
leneleven ratingfive now you have mine carts and ziplines to change things up.
lenten ratingfive a slightly changes upgrade and power system is very welcomed.
lenfour ratingone i paid for 400,000 coins.
lenfive ratingone no response from imangi support.
leneight ratingfive all new updates and terrain temple run 2 rocks
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenten ratingthree its not opening the game on  my phone ( galaxy admire)
lennine ratingfive this game is very entertainment, and very nice graphics
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so awesome, i love the graphics with full settings.
leneight ratingfive but , there's some bugs that very annoying.
lentwentyfour ratingfive and, please add some new characters, 'cause there's only 4 characters, if you add some more please make them cheaper than karma lee xd
lenfour ratingfive nice game, excellent grafik
lennine ratingfour the points dnt accumulate to unlock d nxt character.
lenfifteen ratingfour its an awesome game but the score goes very slowly compared to an ios device
lenfive ratingfive runs great on my s3 too.
lenfour ratingfive great game great fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive this really a awesome game !
lenten ratingtwo please optimise this for tegra processors.lags a lot.irritating.
lenfour ratingtwo fyi, this is galaxy i9103.
lenthree ratingtwo 1ghz dual core, 1gb ram.
leneleven ratingfive excellent game its more than a game don't miss it.
lensix ratingfive great improvement on a great game
lenten ratingfive excellent game much more variety of backgrounds in this game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive this game is the best game in my phone.
lenten ratingfive though a bit laggy, it still is a great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i loved the first one and i'm in love with this one too!
lenfour ratingfour better than previous one.
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive
lensix ratingthree nice game but a little buggy
leneleven ratingfour so far so good :) but more free gems would do :p
lenthree ratingfive excellent app.kudos
leneight ratingfour 1 star less as game got stucked in between
lenthree ratingfive amazing & highly addictive.
lennine ratingfive image took a great game and made it awesome.
lennine ratingfive i can see little space for improvement, must download!
lensix ratingfive totally different from its earlier version.
leneight ratingfive good app runs great on galaxy note ii :)
lennine ratingfive its a fun game it looks cool i likke
lenfive ratingfive very good game for fast
lenthirty ratingthree its quite good.bug it gets stuck sumtimes.and the bonus meter doesn't get filled upsumtimes.and.watelse its great.exept for my problems.pls fix it for me.3stars
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfour ratingfive such a fun game
lensix ratingfive its the greatest temple run ever
lenseven ratingfive these game is great better than before.
lenthree ratingfive da best game
lenseventeen ratingone love the game but i loose my coins when i get close to 3000 and cannot upgrade anymore.
lenthree ratingfive so fun & enjoyable.
lennine ratingfour its really adventurous.than the earlier temple run .great.
lentwo ratingfive awesom game
lentwentyeight ratingfour great game the only thing that is wrong is that after i accumulate money it just goes away and i look in my upgrades but nothing is upgraded.
lenfive ratingfour do idk where it goes
lenfourteen ratingfive i have 500k lifetime coins but the objective meter progress won't update or move.
leneight ratingfive great game for passing time and veging out
lenten ratingfour love dis game it is far better than temple run 1
leneight ratingone brought a 150 gem pack still waiting 2 hours later
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lenfour ratingfive need practice for sure.
lensix ratingfive most enjoying game with excellent graphics.
lenfive ratingfive the new features are awesome.
lennine ratingfive liked this game so much  please download this game.
lenfour ratingfive i love my apps
lenfortynine ratingtwo my brother plays this game and it looks really fun, but he uses a htc galaxy tab, so this would easily be a 5* but i would like you guys to update it so myself and others with this phone or ones with similar issues, then we can also play.
lenseven ratingfive better game better graphics better plying experiance
lenthirteen ratingfour i found it less cool then temple run 1m thia has less thrill inside.
lenthirteen ratingfour i am trying to get addicted by this one but not able to.
lenfive ratingfour missing excitment in this one.
lensix ratingfive this game was so much fun.
lenten ratingfive don't play games often but one is very addictive
leneleven ratingfive harder to play one-handed in the subway than the first.
lenfive ratingfive you must play this game
lenfive ratingfive my tilting keeps on stoping.
lenfour ratingfive five stars for fixing
lennine ratingfive my boy of 12 tells me im a loser haha.
lenfour ratingfive love it,great game.
leneight ratingfive best game yet, good graphics and great job
lentwelve ratingfive can improve resources usage and save game when interrupted by a call.
lenthirteen ratingfour but the game each time i exit from it all my score disappeared!
lensix ratingfour please help to solve my problem!
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy s
lenthirteen ratingfive new things its so fun, it feels like your actually in the game !
lenfour ratingfive i love the game!
lensix ratingfive u ll njoy dis game 4 sure
lenten ratingfive love the new features they added from the first one
leneight ratingone same objective repeat problem is not fixed yet.
lenseven ratingone developer should check carefully before saying this.
lenseven ratingone also my coins decrease without buying anything.
lenfourteen ratingfive super game on mobile platform, but i feel this game like a drug addition.
lenfive ratingfive install it and get addited.
lenfiftyfour ratingfour its an awsome gane but still has some glitches such as not being able to get or use 2 powerups at the same time.example u have a magnet and u find another.u cant extend the time.the magnet just disappears anyways.and there are other small glitches like that.overall though its great!
lensixteen ratingfive ya i've been stopped gaming for long years, now this game turned me on again.
lenfifteen ratingfour just awesome better graphics, love the way the objectives are laid out, just love it
lentwentynine ratingtwo a nice game but i don't know everytime i play my coins go missing n i can't buy anything .except thuht its a really nice game b-)
lenfive ratingfive super fun and very addicting.
lenfourteen ratingfive haven't played a game i've liked this much since super mario bros.
lensix ratingfive fun game.highly addictive.beautiful graphics!
lenfifteen ratingone will loaf for a few minutes then it automatically exits the game >.< fix this pleaaasssee!
lenthirteen ratingfour i liked the first temple run better but this one is ok too.
lentwelve ratingfive i highly recommend this game it's fun, it helps pass time.
leneleven ratingthree this would be so much better if there was no lag.
lennine ratingthree im using a  droid 3 and the lag is terrible.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive initial loading taking time , except loading time game is excellent compare to version 1
lennine ratingfive thanks a ton for fixing the screen error, devs!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is really very enjoyable.i like this game very much
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is fun , i love,the new game , you can ride a roller coaster && much more .
lenthirteen ratingfive when you are bored just play this game & you will feel much better !
lenthree ratingfive great, love it!
leneighteen ratingfive it will be beter to have a bluetooth conection to play in multiplayer mode.it will be awsome.
lenfour ratingfive oldukce guzel bir oyun.
lentwo ratingfive tavsiye ederim.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive really fun app
lenseven ratingone this game freezes every time i try.
lenseven ratingone it is stuck on the loading screen.
lentwentyfive ratingfour 1: effect of boost runs out before you stop glowing, seen in mines  2: falling down really easy on wall tilting parts  3: sometimes weird animations when falling
lenfour ratingfive fast, fun, heavily adicting.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive bole toa ghakkasssss
lennine ratingfive great game but you guys much fix the bugs
leneight ratingfive excellent game play runs smoothly in my karbonn a11.
lenthirteen ratingfive the game is great but i still find the first one more interesting.
lensixteen ratingfive plus coin magnet here doesn't triple coib value so getting coins is a bit harder.
lenthree ratingfive great game though
lentwo ratingfive cooolllll game
lensix ratingfive fantastic game better then the 1st one
lenthirteen ratingfive never played such a superb game like this hatss off to the developer
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive love all the graphics!
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original.
lenten ratingone i can only play the game for a little while.
lenthirteen ratingone i go to open it again and it just has the "imagni studios"
lenfive ratingone screen, then it exits out.
leneleven ratingone this is the 3rd time i've uninstalled it, please fix it.
lenseven ratingone i've even tried restarting my phone. :(
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive gud fun
lenseven ratingfive its really a good and excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun.
leneight ratingfive graphics and new obstacles make it must play.
lentwentyfive ratingthree when ever i collect the magnet 2 times in a row and the magnet has not finished yet, the next magnet is just of no use.
lenten ratingthree the previous magnet finishes its time and that's it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive temple run 2 is a formidable successor to the first game, with better graphics, smoother gameplay, and a plethora of new upgrades and abilities to access!
lenfifteen ratingfive overall, this game is absolutely outstanding; it is a must have for any android user.
lentwo ratingthree awesome game
lentwo ratingfive game regardz.
lennineteen ratingfour need to fix when you're on a  zipline and your speed boost ends you keep running fast forever
lenseven ratingfive guys awsome best game do download it
lenfour ratingfive i love temple rin
lensix ratingfive better then then previous temple run.
lenfive ratingfive good game im the best
lenten ratingfive it is the party game and inst game very super
lenfive ratingthree this game is soo fun!
lenfive ratingthree but its like super sloowwwwwww!
lenfourteen ratingthree but i loveeeeeeeee it and it like really needs adjustmentss to the turn sensitivity!
lenfive ratingfive it's a fun game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingfour trully entertaining and addictive but has some glitches so i'm gonna give it just 4 stars
leneight ratingfive i like this game it is my favourite
lensix ratingfive graphics are amazing and no lag.
leneight ratingfour helps alot when u got nothing to do.
lenseven ratingfive it's so nice i love it?
lentwo ratingthree acha hai
lensix ratingfive i enjoy playing this new version.
lenseven ratingfive love it so much good job guys :)
lentwo ratingfour great app!
lenseven ratingfour does very well on my motorola razor.
lenfive ratingfive why want this game play?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour getting addicted to it
lenfiftyfive ratingone this is ridculous now.why won't you just fix the loading issue for the sidekick 4g already.if i could leave zero stars i would.everytime you come out with a new update without fixing this issue i am going to leave a negative comment.fix the problem and i will give 5 stars.not until
lenfour ratingfour completely innovative and different
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome.
lenfour ratingfour nice .runs like charm.
lensix ratingfive dis is the best game ever. :-)
lenseven ratingfive by far the best temple run game! :-)
lenfive ratingone hate this game so much! !
lentwentyeight ratingthree addictive game but on qvga screen 240x320 it shows bigger pause icon n the corner one so not able to see whr its running plzz fix it othrwise 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive a good game all round.
lenfour ratingfive runs fantastically on my gs3.
lenfour ratingfive its a brilliant game.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend.
lentwentyone ratingone after i start it i wait about a minute staring at the imangi logo then the app crashes.please fix soon.
leneleven ratingtwo good game (on iphones) it's total rubbish in my phone.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo it doesn't listen when i tilt, it doesn't listen when i jump or slide or even turn half the time but worst of all it crashes all the time!
lensix ratingfive one of the best android game!
lenthirtyone ratingthree this was a good game but everytime i open the app it just sends me back to the home page and that is really frustrating  anyone knows what is the problem?
lenthree ratingfive simple, new, addictive!
lenten ratingfive its amazing n a step ahead than its first part
lenfifteen ratingfive i already have 116,000 life time coins but i didnt get the 100,000 life time coin achievement!
lenthree ratingfive ill give 10 stars!
lenthirteen ratingone further compared to previous version there are too many issues with the sensitivity
lenfour ratingfive what a beautiful game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfive more creative than v1
lenfive ratingfive lovely creation luv u makers.
lenthree ratingfive ilove temple run
leneight ratingone stays stuck on the big "i" loading screen
leneight ratingone hard to control temple run 1 is much better
lenfour ratingfive good fun but difficult
lenthree ratingfive really wonderful  vhuhug
lenseven ratingfive once again imangi studios did it right.
lentwelve ratingfive the second part of the highly addictive game temple run is here.
lenseven ratingfive this time it's better than ever.
lenten ratingfive thanks to imangi studios for providing the game for free.
lensix ratingfive 5 stars from a very satisfied mind. :-)
lenthree ratingfive nice interest game
lenthree ratingfive s enjoying game
lennine ratingfive im surprised but somehow the game has gotten better
lennine ratingthree good to play but android mobile swithing off sometimes.
leneleven ratingthree even some play design should be change upon increasing the performance.
lentwentysix ratingfive it's really awesome, it has more graphics than privious one and the ride is too cool and hanging on rope makes this game so cool.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is the only game i played till date almost 5yrs a day.really superbbb
lenfour ratingone shows error 927 while installing
lenthree ratingfive thanks u mannager
lenseventeen ratingfive i loved playing the original temple run and had no idea they could make a better one.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 has more amazing obstacles.
leneleven ratingfive it fast, its fun and will keep you entertained for hours.
lenfive ratingfive be careful though.its addicting!
lenfour ratingfive fun & challenging as hell
lenfifteen ratingfive it's jst gr8.the effects totally give a new look as compared to the 1st edition.
lenseven ratingfour too much lag in this fuckin game
lenfour ratingfour this game is fun.
leneleven ratingfour can't understand how time fly away when am playing it.
leneight ratingfour still no problem been faced playing this game.
lenthirteen ratingthree it would be a great game if mine didnt glitch.all the time!
lenthirtyone ratingfive love the game, i think it's definitely more challenging than the first one, but my highscore is 13m+.there should be more characters, like forreal.why did you only keep 4 characters?
lentwentyfive ratingfive d: please add more, or at least make it to where we can make our own character or customize the presets.please and thankyou. :d
lenthree ratingfour good time waster.
lenfive ratingfive this is an incredible app!
lenthree ratingfive great improvemnt from 1.
leneighteen ratingtwo it needs a better story line and what is with the land is it like a floating island.
lennine ratingfive i think it is so cool i love it!
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome n i love it!
lenthree ratingfive best update till
leneight ratingthree the game it self is very well done.
lenfour ratingthree the graphics are great.
lenfifteen ratingthree the sound is not all that bad could be improved in a patch or something.
lenseven ratingthree the controls are ok needs tweaked some.
lenthirteen ratingthree for a free game its ok to download if you have the first.
leneight ratingthree if you never played will enjoy this game.
leneleven ratingthree did not see any game issues bugs,crashes and so on.
leneight ratingfive the best game i play in my life.
lensixteen ratingtwo every time i try to open this app it force closes i will b uninstalling it
lenfive ratingfive better than number one byfar
leneight ratingfive awesome graphics, a must game to install & enjoy.
lenten ratingone see on nii nme mng enda telefonist ma nen ainult ime pisikest pilti
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome it works great on my phone
lenseven ratingfive awsom game great for free time gaming
lenfive ratingfive good game with good graphics.;)
lenfive ratingfive its a really awesome game
lenfour ratingfive more addictive than crack.
leneight ratingfive i loved part 1 and this one.its great;)
lensix ratingfive excellent game.adictive as temple run.
leneleven ratingfive need some improvement in colours and borders they are mot visible
lensix ratingfive great fun way to pass time.
lennine ratingfive not too hard on battery life like other games.
lenthirteen ratingfive but stil temple run1 is my favourte bcoz part 2 is much easier thn part 1.!
lenten ratingthree it lags too much and isn't that tilt sensitive.
leneight ratingthree it's much better on ipods and iphones.
lenfive ratingthree and it randomly closes sometimes.
lensix ratingthree fix and it'll get 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive fun times.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenseven ratingfive this game is totally freaking awesome game .
lensix ratingfive i cant put my phone down!
lennine ratingfive great game!graphics are much better than previous one.
lenten ratingfive it will be even greater if there are more maps
lennine ratingfour 5 star if you make more various and difficult tracks
lentwo ratingfour great job!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfour works like a charm on my htc one s c2!
lenten ratingfive didn't think i would get hooked but i am!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive damn addictive game plus kind of tough.
lennine ratingfive all adds up to perfect game for killing time.
leneight ratingfive p.s: i love temple run (earlier version).
lenfive ratingfive now love this one more!
lentwo ratingfive thanks developer :)
leneight ratingone the game does not work on my phone.
lenten ratingone i was able to install it but, that's it.
lennineteen ratingone when i try to start the game my phone would just beep twice then go back to my apps.
lentwentyone ratingfive my battery monitor shows that temple run permanently switches on the magnetic field of my phone even after closing the app.
lenfour ratingfive which drain the battery.
lensix ratingfive or else have to un install.
lenfive ratingfive good game more enjoybal than templerun1
lenfortytwo ratingfour when u pick up a power up like sheild boost or magnet or you use on from getting coins and pick another one up while the first is active it doesnt extend the time it just end when the first one would.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfour to much tilting needed, but awesome game:)
lenfive ratingfour awesome graphics love the game
leneighteen ratingfour with great difficulty and time i completed 500, 000 life time coins but the objective still is not getting completed.
lennine ratingfive cant stop playin,addiction just got a new name
lentwelve ratingfive i think this game is very addicting it is a good game
leneleven ratingfour i like it a lot rlly fun and good time passer
lentwo ratingfive excellent 3d graphic
lentwentytwo ratingone up-swipe for jumping sometimes gets recognized as an up-swipe to enter google now if i start the swipe too low.
lenthirteen ratingone i can't tell you how often this killed me in the game.
lenten ratingone ios users don't have to deal with this crap!
lenfive ratingone crappy crappy design by google.
lenthirtynine ratingone i'm knocking temple run here because.either they could disable google now in game and didn't or they shouldn't have released the game on google play due to this poor design decision on google's part.
leneleven ratingfive this temple run is the best now with all new powerups!
lenfive ratingfive gold miner mission is stuck.
lentwentyone ratingfive even though i collected the required number of coins it doesn't show a tick mark on the mission (incomplete mission).
lenthree ratingfive temple run 2 excellent
leneight ratingfive the game is kind of hard at first.
lenten ratingfive i like it way more than the first temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive the first one is still good but overall this one is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive why want this game play?
lenfive ratingfive nrw maps nd easy handling
leneight ratingfour i fall through the ground after some jumps.
lennine ratingfive this addition seems more challenging and keeps you thinking!
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive much much better than the previous temple run must download amazing graphics
lentwelve ratingfour the first temple run is horrible compared to this one way better
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first more tricks.
lentwo ratingfive overall fantastic
lenseven ratingfive it's really addictive, i love it
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive amazing just like the original but better
lennine ratingfour it's too good but still need to improve
lentwo ratingfive great game . :)
leneleven ratingfour the game is really good except it freezes and lags sometimes
leneight ratingfive has good challenge and tons of replay value.
lenthree ratingfive controls are precise.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are great and achievements arent that easy once hit hot lvl 7 or higher.
lenseven ratingfive the only issue.its a battery drainer.
lenfive ratingfive keep your charger close by.
lenseven ratingfive even plugged in.it still drains quickly.
lenfive ratingfive roughly 2% per 5-10 mins of play.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lennine ratingfour more fun than the original, with great new ideas.
lentwenty ratingfour controls are still a bit off and i still occassionally die from lack of response by the game. - droid charge
lentwo ratingfive ossssssssssssssssmmm graphics.!
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing.! ;)
lentwentytwo ratingone it is a bad game takes all your money when you get to 2,000 it is a carp game.do not like it .
lennineteen ratingone i would recommend temple run 1 better to play and  do.do not like temple run 2  get temple run 1 better
lentwo ratingfour runs great.
lenthirteen ratingfour fast paced addictive game that can be enjoyed by children n adults alike.
lenseven ratingfour i like the grafix and the challanges.
lenten ratingfour its so fast paced that you will feel cheated sometimes.
lentwentyone ratingfour there should be less punishment than death for sudden obstacles that are impossible to cross if they come after turn immediately.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the benefits of powers should be very clear and the powers should be under the control of gamer after they are earned.
lenfifteen ratingfour otherwise a really good game that still has a lot of scope to improve on.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive its definitely worth a download.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfive ratingthree needs improving on same objective.
lenten ratingthree would b better if u can see more than 3 objectives.
lenfourteen ratingthree and i dont like the fact that u have lets say a magnet active.
leneight ratingthree an while its active u pick another magnet.
lenten ratingthree as soon as first magnet ends the second also ends.
lenfive ratingthree should increase first magnet times
leneleven ratingfive especially after you have enough coins to upgrade all your stuff.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game dudes
lenfive ratingfive i love it its great
lenthree ratingfive love dis game
lenfour ratingfive top game for mobile
lenseven ratingfive a good way to release some stress.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lenfive ratingfive finally got 3.4 mill run, woot!
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best game for android phones.you should download this game.
lenthree ratingfour fun and gripping
lenseven ratingfive this game is a great time waster.
lenthree ratingfive nice very exciting
lensix ratingfour new version is better than older
lenseven ratingfive addictive enjoyable just overall a perfect game
lenfour ratingfive good game soooo addictive
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lentwelve ratingfive skips from time to time , other then that i love this game .
lenfourteen ratingfour i was addicted to the first one but this one has me sooo hooked.
lenfifteen ratingfour the only problem is that the game drains my battery in a matter of minutes.
lenfourteen ratingfive i didn't like the first one but this is great!i love it
lensix ratingfive love the new graphics and features!
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting.
lenfortytwo ratingfour i love its every thing but the problem is that it is not tilting :( it is just stucked at one side please please fix this problem ! then i will rate it 5/5 fix it as soon as possible i badly want this gameeee!
lentwo ratingfive apsalutly brillent
lennine ratingfive i love temple run its so so so fun
lensix ratingfive thanks for fixing the lag issue.
lenthree ratingfive plays great now!
lenfour ratingfour great for bus journeys.
lenfour ratingfive smooth and interesting game.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lensix ratingfour but need to fix coin issue.
lentwelve ratingfour always lose coins for no reason so you can not get anything.
lenfive ratingfour this game is so addictive!
leneight ratingfive really cool graphics n new stuff as required  :)
lenfour ratingfive epic game, great graphics
lentwo ratingfive kool game
lentwelve ratingfour the response is very slow and we can not increasr the sensitivity
lenfour ratingtwo it crashed upon opining
leneleven ratingone its full of shitz,can't even open it.fuck off.
leneleven ratingfour first one is good second is best.i like this game
lennine ratingfive mast game hai yar dil jeet lei ee gamewa
lenfourteen ratingfive i really enjoy playing it and it's a great way to spend time
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it.
lensix ratingfive its more exiting than temple run 1.;-)
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a good game not very hard then the first temple run my hightest score is 394,278
leneight ratingfive i definitely like this one over the original.
lenfive ratingfive improved graphics and new obstacles.
lenfourteen ratingfour the game keeps putting up log + river combos that are impossible to get by.
lenthirteen ratingfour the fact that power ups don't stack / reset is also somewhat  annoying
lennine ratingfive challenging sequel with curves, hills, mine carts, and ziplines.
leneighteen ratingfour i've played better games like cut the rope fifa and backbraker but its still a decent game
lenfive ratingfive i love the new effects.
lentwentythree ratingthree after i play a few games the coins i have collected dissapear so i can never get enough coins to upgrade please fix
lenseven ratingone doesn't fit screen get temple run 1
lenseven ratingfour i deleted the first one, this rocks
lentwentyfive ratingfive although i had to uninstall and reinstall because of problems i still love it i loved the first one and love this one highly recommended
lensix ratingfive 1 of my all time favorite games
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingthree it moves a little slow
leneight ratingthree could be better performance wise.else all good
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfour fast,breathtaking fun for the young and seasoned!
lenfour ratingfour good fun addictive game.
lensixteen ratingfour hi! there is a lifetime metres bug which does not show the correct lifetime metres run.
lenfive ratingfour need to correct this asap.
lenten ratingfour i have run 7k in single run & yet 5k objective still shows.
lenseven ratingtwo it's runs slow dont like it
lentwentytwo ratingone i saw this game by a friend and downloaded it,but when i opened it.it close self automaticalli.please fix this !
lentwentyfour ratingfive cant fault it superb appart from i bought coin doubler and 50 gem pack from play store but not appeared in my game please fix
lentwelve ratingfour the latest update helped me run this on my galaxy s (fascinate).
lensix ratingfour i wish power ups would stack.
lenfifteen ratingfour rating 4 star because it doesn't resume once a call come in between the game.
lenfour ratingfour and starts from beginning
leneight ratingfour good game but annoying when you die haha
lentwentythree ratingfive awesome graphics and game engine i like how crisp the graphics is this game addicted to it.but where is the football player?
lensixteen ratingfive super duper awesssome.i just love this game .marvellous  graphics.it is bttr then temple run 1
lensix ratingfour the game is fun and addicting.
lentwentyone ratingfour i would give it five stars, but i don't like how you can only see three objectives at one time.
leneight ratingfour it takes a long time to level up.
leneleven ratingfive kinda annoyed me but im addicted so just gonna start again.
lenseven ratingfive i am addicted to it its awesome.
lensix ratingfive soo much better than temple run!
lentwo ratingfour great app!
lentwentyseven ratingfive awesome game love it like the new run scene a lot more then the first the mine was a great add on so no complaints from me
lentwelve ratingtwo doesnt really lag on my tablet, but lags bad on my phone.
lentwentynine ratingfour the only reason i won't give it a perfect is you can't control how sensitive the controls are and you can't get it to be silent.
lentwo ratingfive mast hai
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseventeen ratingthree reaction time is super slow and there comes a point where there's just a cliff edge?
leneight ratingthree lag is bad old version was way smoother
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are really great.
lenfourteen ratingone i just lost all my data and i have to restart all over again!
leneight ratingone this is the second time this thing happened!
lennine ratingfive tr-1 was fun but tr-2 is a big improvement.
lenthree ratingfive lost of fun.
lentwentyeight ratingone ths app sucks, i have had to down load and uninstall  this app 5 time cause it keep freezing up.how come you all hve'nt fixed this problem.
lennine ratingfour love this game even more than the first one .
leneight ratingfour the setting, the new features and updated abilities .
lentwentyone ratingfour the only downfall for me would be that it doesnt recognise when youve accomplished an objective until the demand has risen .
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive great job fun fun fun
lensix ratingfive new graphics which r terribly awesome :-)
lensix ratingfive minor bugs but good addictive game
lensix ratingfour it lags a lot for me
leneight ratingone everytime i want to open it, it crashes :/
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingone i was really excited when this came to android.
leneleven ratingone i guess it isn't ready for my phone yet, though.
lensix ratingone hopefully it will work omelet day.
lennine ratingfour thanks a ton for fixing the screen error, devs!
lentwo ratingfour lags sometimes.
lenseven ratingfour but the tilt controls are not responsive.
lenseventeen ratingfour please add a sensitivity button so that we can decide how responsive the controls and tilts are.
lenfour ratingfour force closes at times.
lenfive ratingfour then i'll give 5 starts.
lenseven ratingfive very addictive and a good time waster.
lenfour ratingfour good adictive game :d
lenfour ratingfour better graphics better game
lentwo ratingfive favourite pastime
leneight ratingthree collected 5 lacs coins but objective not getting removed.
lenfortyseven ratingfour very addictive and eye-catching game but there r some minor issues.first one is the tilt is not good at all,most of the time you fall.other one is shield which does not last long,once you pass the barrier or fire it's gone!
lensix ratingfour overall it's a fantastic game!
lentwentytwo ratingfour overall, better than the first, but i hope for an update that allows tilt sensitivity to be changed, like the previous game.
lentwo ratingfive epicly awesome
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing i love it.
lenfive ratingfive its great for passing time.
lenthree ratingfive just simply amazing!
lenthirtysix ratingfive only problems are that you have to wait for a little while before you can use the mine cart and also i think at about 2000m you should have paths in the middle it would be good.
lenfifteen ratingfive and the monkey is in your way when you jump a little after you crash.
lenthree ratingfive i suck thoe !
lenseven ratingfive keep up the good work.great graphics.
leneight ratingfive nice update to the game  fun to play.
lentwentynine ratingfour this game is better then the last one and work great but somethings the character does not move or moves in the wrong way but a great time waster
lenseven ratingfour but it drains the battery a lot.
leneight ratingfive game is alot better then the first one.
lenfive ratingfive more challenging, but highly addicting.
lenfour ratingfive its worth the download.
lenfifteen ratingtwo recently paid for gems and coins, they said it would appear shortly but never came
lenfive ratingone it wont play at all !
leneighteen ratingone it has a bug and once i click it it wont play yu need to fix that please
leneighteen ratingfive man this game is extremely fun and addictive and hard to put down once you start to play.
lentwentyone ratingfive looks very good on the samsung galaxy note 2, also really challenging but once you learn how to play it's fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive awesome game n so much fun to play.must download game. .
lentwo ratingfive likes alot.
lenfour ratingfive this game is gud
lentwentyeight ratingfour needs to have a sensitivity upgrade especially on the parts where there is only a small strip of walkway and it just so happens the stage is curving
lensix ratingfour great game, very good graphics, addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfour so far the only complaints i have is that it keep erasing my coin credits.
lenseventeen ratingfour one minute i will have a few thousand, the next time i check they have been erased?
leneighteen ratingfour detailed instructions of what icons are, what they will do and how the power meter works for you.
lenfive ratingfour simple fixes for the creators.
lenfour ratingfive this games soo best
lentwentythree ratingtwo i don't know how it is made but everytime i play it, i get massive headaches so this doesnt work for me
lenseven ratingthree the notification bar light is continuously on.
lenfour ratingthree which drains the battery.
lennine ratingthree even when sound is off footsteps can be heard.
lenthree ratingfive live with walkman
lentwo ratingfive muy divertido
lentwelve ratingfive well i like it but i like tht first one much better
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive lots of new additions.
leneight ratingfive harder than temple run but a real challenge.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesomeness
lenfive ratingfive osam game my score is 5300000
leneighteen ratingfive its awesome.i've never gave more time to any game,but it takes my time so much.
lenten ratingfive must play atleast one time den u'll b addictive.
lenfive ratingfour i love the new graphics.
leneleven ratingfive the bst temple run i have played lol it is bril
lenfourteen ratingone was excited to play this version but it wont open on my android tablet
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenthirteen ratingfive this is by far the best game you can get for your phone
leneleven ratingfour it keeps glitching it or it doesn't respond to touch
lenthirteen ratingfour the colours clash and gets confusing, but the graphics and gameplay is awesome
lensixteen ratingfive hey, i have bought the coin doubler but it doesn't show up on the app.
lentwentyseven ratingfive when i click on it, it takes me to the play store and shows that i have lready bought it, but my coins are not being doubled.
lenthree ratingfive 5 star game anyway.
lentwentynine ratingtwo no setting to change sensitivity and it needs it badly as swipes and tilts result in slow responses causing death which for some reason makes you lose your coins.
lenfour ratingfive slick graphics and addictive.
leneleven ratingfive excellent to pass some time away when nothing else to do.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is really addictive it's awesome fun i jus love it!
lensix ratingfive really a great game love it !
lensix ratingfive it's brill to me xxx
lenthirteen ratingfive it's much more fun then temple run 1 in 2 there's new things
leneleven ratingfour could be better but still a really good game and addictive :):)
lenfour ratingfive shushant johari urf mishra
lenfour ratingfive needs to load quicker
leneight ratingthree it is not working good in galaxy phones.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree i luv this game since i first played it on i phone.but the prb wid it is that scores on galaxy note r less than other android services.plz fix or else no fun.
lenthree ratingone not loading . . .uninstalling
lensix ratingfive really great mobile game.very nice
lenfourteen ratingone i wanted to play this game sooo bad please fix it for samsung infuse 4g
lentwo ratingfive bit laggy
lenthirtytwo ratingfive the differences are that you get to go on this rope and its more exiting and more acction great for adults and kids me my self would say 5+ defo get this app !
lenfive ratingfive i play it every day!
lenseven ratingfive great fun for 10-20 mins at a time.
lenfour ratingfive great for long commutes!
lenfive ratingfive this game is my drug!
lennine ratingfive cool app musr download it really best adventurous game
lenforty ratingfive temple run is fun but temple run 2 is the bomb its danger around every corner which makes it so exciting every one has to have   its adventures aswell and its great to be adventures i hope temple run 3 comes soon
lenthirtyeight ratingfour the bug is when i try to take the save me gem with samsung galaxy tab 2 sometimes it hangs and the application  crashes it doesn't record the highscore or current game which is frustrating overall good game.
lenfive ratingfive this is very nice game
lenseven ratingfive most entertaining game i have ever played.
lenfour ratingfive i loovee thiis gaameee :)
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i believe this point was made already, but the power-ups you can earn and active from collecting coins should build on top of the ones you can pick up while running on the level.
lenthirtynine ratingfive if i use the magnet to get coins in the mine cart and then there's a magnet waiting for me at the end of the railway, then i don't get the effect of the 2nd one at all!
lennine ratingfive running for your life has never been this exciting.
lentwelve ratingfive hated  the first temple run but i love this i'm hooked
lenthree ratingfour love the game!
lennine ratingfour will give five stars when you fix the objectives.
lentwentyone ratingthree every time i play the game it glitches out and when i swipe to jump or slide it doesn't respond.
lentwentythree ratingfive after playing this game, i feel all other mobile games need to be on this same tier far as, fun quality, and innovation.
lenthree ratingfour its amazing game.
lenthirtynine ratingfive my high score in temple run1 is 41,500,000 and in temple run2 my high score till now is just 799,000 awesome n one of my favourite game, mind game, its like if u start play this u wil never look at the time.
lenfour ratingfive good time pass game.
lenfive ratingfive it makes ur mind shorp.
lensix ratingfour fun game to kill time with
lenfive ratingfive love this game super fun.
lensix ratingfive no words it's just awesome
lenseven ratingfive need s to be like facebook game.
lenseven ratingfive need specials like bombs and bonus points!
lenten ratingone i use to play this game on my friends mobile.
leneleven ratingone i would rate it 5* but its not working on my cell.
lenten ratingone it opens though but before game starts black screen appears.
lenseven ratingone plz plz fix this game for lg ku5900.
lenthree ratingone thanks from adnan
lensixteen ratingfive this game is off the hook is better than temple run 1 can wait a temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive this game us addicting.
lensixteen ratingfive although i am still trying to figure out a name for the thing that chases you.
lentwo ratingfive postulio maybe :)
lenfour ratingthree it lags quite abit
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingthree ok entertaining for a while has one annoying bug.
lenfortythree ratingthree need some way of calibrating the tilt phone action as it's really slow to react and i have to turn the phone to the point where i can't see the screen or i am almost breaking my neck trying to see. :-\
lensix ratingfive more better than old one amazing .
lennine ratingfive games are made for entertainment, fun, learning and timepass.
lenfour ratingfive this game worth it
lensix ratingfour the game is fun and addicting.
lentwentyone ratingfour i would give it five stars, but i don't like how you can only see three objectives at one time.
leneight ratingfour it takes a long time to level up.
lentwentyfour ratingfour when the bonus powerups and gems are on a hill, its very difficult to get them even if you jump at the right time.
lentwentythree ratingfour and someones the game lags for no reason (i have a fairly new galaxy s3) and will not register that i turned or jumped.
leneight ratingfour other than those things, the game is great
leneight ratingfive i'm so glad this game is free.
lenfive ratingfive can spend hours playing it.
lentwentynine ratingfour i can play high but when i exit the game on high graphic settings.it crashes.i can only load the game using medium settings.fix that then 5 stars
lensix ratingfour asks for more.concentration and efficiency.
lenseventeen ratingfour however the track around is so colorful that at times you miss on the utilities popping up !
lentwo ratingfour rocks otherwise ;)
leneight ratingthree a nice step up from the previous version.
lennine ratingthree good fun but lags on my galaxy s duos.
lentwelve ratingthree the reaction time is not too good but no choice i guess.
lenten ratingthree sometimes instead of sliding he hits the side and dies.
lennine ratingthree sometimes the jump or turn action is not recognised.
lensix ratingfour amazing and i loveeee th.is
lenten ratingfour lots of fun, way more to do than the original.
lentwentysix ratingfour my only problem is sometimes i'll try to get into it and it won't load do i have to keep closing out of it
lenfourteen ratingfive really fun but hard when u play it for a long time without dying
lenfifteen ratingfive my son is only 4 yrs old an this the only game he want tu play
lenthirty ratingone after.i open the app it only show the logo of the creator and it freez and stop working after installing this i dont even try it cause.its freezing
lenfifteen ratingthree it keeps freezing up, but keep at it this games better than the first one.
leneleven ratingfive so much fun have it on my ipod to much fun
lenfour ratingfive it is realy adicting
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingfive challenging and i love the new aspects of the game.
lensix ratingtwo why do the game keep feeezin
lenfour ratingfive i like its cool :)
lentwo ratingfive great game:)
leneleven ratingfive i like it be cuse it has hello kitty and me
lensix ratingfive great upgrade to the first one.
lentwentyfive ratingone i can't open the game.i know that this is great game i played whit my friend on his phone,but beacuse of this.
lentwo ratingfive true story
lentwo ratingone sloww app
lenfour ratingfive waay better than the 1st
leneight ratingfive it is not running in my phone cellkon(a95)
lenfour ratingfive it's fun game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent traphics.
lenfive ratingthree needs improvements.1st one way better
lenseven ratingfive adicting and handy when at a wait.
lenseven ratingone great game, until u get to lv.
lenfive ratingone 8 n it keeps force closing.
lenfifteen ratingone then u have to uninstall, reinstall n start over, only for it to happen again.
lentwelve ratingone would be better if i could uninstall n reinstall without losing everything.
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo i rielly dont enjoy this as much as i did tr i think the graphics are good i think it rielly needs a story line like were each person came there to take the jewel.
lenfiftyeight ratingfive the first time i played this game is was so hard that i keep on losing so i didnt play it again, but one day i got bored and though that i would try it a again now i have the highest score between my brother and cousin so now im happy that i gave it another shot.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenfour ratingfive awesome and very addictive
lenfifteen ratingfive even better than the first one so many nee features and the graphics vastly superior
lenthirtytwo ratingone i love this game but for some reason when i get my coin balance to 5000 plus in the next game i play it goes down to 3000 coins it deducts 2000 coins from me .
lenthirtyfour ratingone i try to collect coins so that i can buy powerups etc but it deducts 2000 coins all the time.i just 15,000 coins but now its gone to 6,000 after playing a game where i got 1,000:-$
lenfive ratingfive great app glad its out!
lentwentyfive ratingfour although the game is amazing i feel this game should have the sensivity changer like temple run 1 because aome of the player need more sensivity
lenfour ratingfive its really great game.
lenfifteen ratingfive one thing that would be interesting would be if templerun 2 could have some multiplayer functions
lenten ratingfour somehow thousands of points just keep disappearing for no reason.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy playing it
lensixteen ratingthree overall a fun game, really like the new areas and the changes made to the track.
lenfifteen ratingthree is kinda glitchy for me but i am running it on an old htc incredible 2.
lentwentyone ratingthree tilt controls feel sluggish while swiping occurs at the wrong time causing me to hit walls or not turn at all.
lenthree ratingone it force closes.
lenfive ratingfour best android app ever made !
lenfourteen ratingfour full time addictive :d but while playing game it again and again went pause!
lennine ratingfour fix it after it my rating will be 5 star!
lenfour ratingfive gem of a game
lenthree ratingfour its fun playing .
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love the adventure.
lenseven ratingfive love lt can't stop playing lt
lensix ratingfive gr8 game better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive soooo addicted ahhh amazing job =)
lenfour ratingfour this game is legit!
lenfourteen ratingfour works good (unless you have too many apps running at once) & is sooo fun!
lenfifteen ratingfour if you liked the first one you'll definitely love this one :) only 4 characters though.
leneight ratingone will it ever be compatible with galaxy tab p1ooo? :-(:-(
lenseven ratingfive great just very hard to unlock charecters.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneighteen ratingthree its fun and a good time waster, but the graphics are not that good.and it force closes.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game so much it's a ton better than the first one
lentwelve ratingfour pretty good still getting used to this version but i like it
lenthirteen ratingfive tr2 is a highly addictive, challenging game that will always leave you wanting more.
lenseventeen ratingfive i loved the first one and i am really enjoying the improvements and additions of this sequel.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i can't recommend it enough to anybody who wants a game to play in a spare 5 minutes or while you are on the loo!
lenfive ratingfive osam game my score is 5300000
lenfour ratingfive its an amaziinngg gammeee
lentwentythree ratingfive i played temple run, and it got old real fast, but temple run #2 theres so much more to keep my attention :) im addicted.
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive this game is smazing
lensix ratingfive a worthy sequel to the original.
lenseven ratingfive like it better than the first one.
lentwentyone ratingone often times the game will not recognize the accelerometer so tilting does nothing and sometimes swiping to turn stops working too.
lennine ratingfour top notch game with enormous value and replay ability.
leneighteen ratingfour would give it a perfect 5 but its not much different from the first and the first is perfect
lennine ratingfive temple run is the best one i ever played
lenfour ratingfive you'll love it!
leneight ratingfive you don't understand how addicted i am.
lennine ratingfour great.i love all of it besides the tunnels.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive nice time spender and very nice in general thous being free.
lenfive ratingfour new power ups and features.
lenfifteen ratingone ive got a samsung galaxy tab and the game just doesnt work on this device.
lentwelve ratingone i loved the first temple run and expected much from this one!
leneight ratingfour its good but the graphics a bit hmm.
lenthirteen ratingfive i absolutely love this game its so much easier than temple run 1 fab
lenfourteen ratingtwo its tooo hard and boring and rhey sholud connect it to facebook and instagram
lennine ratingfive great game, fun interface, fun addition to th original.
lentwelve ratingfour they have retained what made the original great and expanded on it.
lenfive ratingfour i am pleased and intrigued.
lennine ratingfour will see if my opinion changes after further play.
lenfive ratingone i expected better from this.
lentwelve ratingone the game glitches too much and this is a gs3 were talking about.:'(
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive great job devs!
lentwentynine ratingfour way better though ill get on the part where i have to tilt it to one side to get coins and not fall off and ill fall off randomly
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingtwo get package file invalid error on my xperia arc.
lentwentythree ratingthree the graphics are miles better than the original but if your phone doesn't have huge storage it fills up to 130mb per run!
lensix ratingfive much better than temple run original
lenfive ratingfour my son harry loves it
leneleven ratingfive speechless at the progressipn of this game since the first installment.
lenthree ratingfive great job devs
lenthirteen ratingfive super fun game to play.especially when you are waiting on the john. :)
lennineteen ratingfour i love the game but what's the issue with the number of coins i'm supposed to have?
lennine ratingone unfortunately tr2 constantly crashes during launch on my samsung infuse!
leneight ratingone would greatly appreciate a fix for this bug.
lentwo ratingfive awesomely awesome
leneleven ratingfive really cool game, nice graphics, nice gameplay, only a few bugs
lentwentyfour ratingthree a really good game, but the double coin purchase hasn't activated yet and it's nearly been two weeks since iv bought it
lenten ratingfive amazing really fun but please sort out couple of glitches
lenthree ratingthree love the game!
lenseventeen ratingthree everytime i turn a corner or go to jump it glitches and ignores the action i give. :/
lensix ratingfour really great game to down load
lenseven ratingfive without doing nothing,i am loosing gold
leneleven ratingfive the graphics are better, and i like the change of environment.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingthree pros: updated graphics and gameplay mechanics.
lensix ratingthree controls seem more responsive so far.
lenseven ratingthree cons: upgrades cost much more coins than tr1.
leneight ratingthree abilities such as coin magnet no longer stack.
lenfour ratingfive wow it is amazing
lenfour ratingfive good and exciting game
lenthree ratingfive gotta play it
lenfour ratingfive enjoying the new features
lenseven ratingthree definitely a step in the right direction!
lentwelve ratingthree good graphics new scenes more activities and a whole lot more fun!
lenten ratingfive great game but please take away the delay when turning
lentwo ratingfive great game. :)
lenfour ratingfour graphically superior than original.
lenten ratingfive fun as hell once you get the hang of it (:
lensix ratingthree it makes my phone die fast
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingtwo guys, improve the sensitiveness and tilt.
lensixteen ratingtwo it doesn't work as smooth as first game.i love graphics but difficult to control.
lenfour ratingfive this game is addictive
lenten ratingfour the most fun waste of time in a long time.
leneleven ratingone the previous one was way better.hardly understand whts goin on.
lensix ratingone m more happy with the 1st part
lentwentythree ratingfive pay me, jk, it is awesome though  it's lagging lately for some reason, cleaned the cache on nexus galaxy not sure why
lennine ratingfive its as good or even better than the original!
lenthirteen ratingfour works a little bit laggy on phone, but on ipad is really good.
lenten ratingfour keep trying to beat my high score of 2 million. :-) thanks
leneight ratingfive it is really cool because i love it.
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run was funn buhh it was kinda repetitive soo i got bored.
lensixteen ratingfive tr2 is definitely a major upgrade very addicting and always something new whenever you start love this
lentwentyone ratingfour just a little lacking on the abilities boost with gems and being able to see specific progress on objectives (8,256/100,000) lifetime coins
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenten ratingfour but i felt its experience better in ios than android.
lenfive ratingfive nothing to say except wow.
lenseven ratingfive might be the best game for droids.
lenseventeen ratingfour it is good but it feels much slower than the first one, overall though a good game
lentwo ratingfive fricking awesome!
lenfour ratingfive this app is great
lenfour ratingfive lovebit its very cool
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive awsm,,controling dreams.healthy game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfour it's a goof game and graphic, but u have to add new map please
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i love it
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfour ratingfive i love it ahaha
lenseven ratingone takes coins away randomly sort it out
lensixteen ratingfive a great game to play may force close depending on your internet speed and great graphics
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much.
lenfour ratingfive its alot of fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentysix ratingthree but has inexcuseable lag that causes game to either mess me up during a run or doesn't respond to a gesture, thus ending my run.
lenfour ratingfive game of the king
lenfive ratingfive this game is the shittt!
lenten ratingthree if coin would stop reseting would have 5 stars from me
lenfifteen ratingfour its a great game but it could let you change charecters with out buying them.
lennine ratingfour but its a great game and i love it
lensix ratingfour good game but lags like crazy.
lenseven ratingfour needs to have a smooth game play
lenthree ratingfour pretty damned good
lentwentyone ratingfive i love dis game i just love it oh and im a  daughter so hts why i said just love it
lensix ratingfive runs great no lags fun game!
lenten ratingfive the game does exactly what it says on the tin
lenfourteen ratingone it goes to the loading screen and then forces me out of the app.
lenfifteen ratingone i never got to play the game because i never got pass the loading screen.
lentwo ratingfive love dis
leneleven ratingthree awsome game i love it ive gotten far it also lags
lenfifteen ratingfour i find it a bit more challenging than part 1 overall fin game to pass time
lensix ratingfive i luv to play this gamr
lentwentysix ratingtwo what makes it 2 stars is that i made a purchase for coins and it's been 14 hours and it still hasn't posted on my game.
lentwelve ratingtwo and they still haven't responded to my emails regarding the purchase.
lenten ratingfive love it!.it has more options than the first one
lenthree ratingfour very nice background
leneleven ratingfour it's easy better than the first one and more interesting.
lentwentysix ratingfour the only thing is that the game gets stuck sometimes for a second and it might cost you your life.other than that is super fun!
lenfive ratingfive this is very fun game.
leneight ratingfive good addition to the sequel of temple run.
lenfour ratingthree its ok nothing special
lentwelve ratingone this game sucks i have to keep redownloading it to play it!
lenthirtysix ratingtwo when i downloaded this game my phone keeps acting up it keeps shutting off when i am playing and restarting my phone i still like the game though just not when it messes up my phone
lenfour ratingone . it wont even download.
lenseven ratingone i tried to but it deosnt work
lenfive ratingfive much better then previous one
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better than regular temple run
lentwentythree ratingfive very fun should make a temple run 3 wit 5 people running at the same time and be able to invite people in the group
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive hard to beat the original.
lenfive ratingfive but this has, top  game.
leneight ratingone it closes its self before i can play
lenseven ratingfive way better then the first temple run!
lenfour ratingfive totally amazing    ? :);)=):d:p ?
lenfive ratingfive i love this game / running
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't like the first temple run but this sequel is awesome
leneleven ratingtwo howeber i cant move the character left and right by tilting
lenthirteen ratingfive not that easy but love to play it when i got a spare 5mins
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenseven ratingfive its really fun and exciting so 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentyfive ratingfour glitches alot on my s3 also it doesn't let me open it sometimes it turns in to a black screen needs to be fix asap!
lentwelve ratingthree its really cool but it could lag alot and it gets annoying.
leneight ratingthree takes up alot of space in your phone.
lenfortyseven ratingfive it is cool having a second temple run to play.i find it that templerun2 is better than the first one.one the other hand it is easier, the only suggestion i have is if there will be a templerun3 the temple run company should make it more challenging.
lenfifteen ratingfive overall great it might freeze when you first download but give it some time.excellent.
lentwentyseven ratingthree good game but i paid $9.99 to get more gems and i got charged but they were never in the game.stole my money like a arcade game
lenfour ratingfive this gamer is funn
lensix ratingtwo the game was better in iphone.
leneight ratingtwo it is not that responsive on my note 2.
lentwelve ratingtwo really need an improvement, because this game is about speed and responsiveness.
lensix ratingfive its harder than da first one
lensixteen ratingfive great but on my tablet i can not tilt to collect coins other than that epic
lentwo ratingfive soo addictive!
lentwentythree ratingone was sooooooo excited for this game, but when i open the app in loads for a minute and q half and force closes.
leneleven ratingone i will give it 5 stars when i can actually play it!
lenfour ratingfive i heart this game!
lenfive ratingone i really need this game.
leneight ratingone was playing it on the ipad its awesome!
lenten ratingone it wont load for my htc desire please fix this
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game.                                     .
lensix ratingfive finally got the game to download.
lenseven ratingfour could be better with the sensitivity though.
leneight ratingfour and also the objectives are a bit insane.
lenseven ratingfour but altogether better than the first one
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive posting this as i'm downloading
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive it's like temple run.
lenfive ratingfive possibly more temple-y too.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lennine ratingfour better than the first and i loved the first.
lenten ratingfour but its not giving me credit for  reaching 500, 000 lifetime coins.
lentwelve ratingfour i can only play it on my tablet, which kind of sucks .
lenten ratingfour other than that, i enjoy it more than the first.
lenthirty ratingthree although it's a great game when i have sound and music off it means off, because right now when it's off i hear footsteps and clicking of menus.
lenfive ratingfive seamless consistent play & responsive controls.
lenfifteen ratingfive great imagery w side 2 side strides as characters run & love the monster that chases you!
lenfive ratingfive well done mobile game sequel!
lenthree ratingfive on htc evo 3d.
lenseven ratingthree why isn't compatible to my samsung s2.?
lenfive ratingthree theres problem to my sitings?
lenthree ratingfive nice very goood
leneleven ratingfive if you liked the 1st temple run, then you'll love this.
lenfourteen ratingfive the accomplished yet simplistic design shows just how a mobile game should be made.
lenfour ratingfour a great new adventure.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree i love this game but 4 some reason when ever i play then die then the skip button comes up i press it which make the app close it is happening a lot can u plz help ty
lensix ratingfive its a fun game to pls
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive faster at downloading & more addictive
leneleven ratingthree would have given 5 stars but the 500k lifetime coins meter is frozen.
leneight ratingthree it's almost impossible too move to level 9.
leneleven ratingthree i can see several other users are also facing similar problems.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome.
lensix ratingfive excellent game, better than the first.
leneight ratingfive reached 500k lifetime coins, but it wonton recognize it.
leneleven ratingfive so much better than the first one, and i loved that!
lenseven ratingfive great game, better than the second one
lentwentyeight ratingfour i like the additions of the rail car and the ropes but i'm not a fan of the fact that the runs between turns are not straight.
leneight ratingfour i play for five minutes then feel nauseous.
lenten ratingfour i think it's the involuntary shifting of the screen.
lentwelve ratingthree the game is fun but not much is different from the original
lensixteen ratingfive it's pretty easy to get good at and that's what i like about it
lennine ratingfive what a fantastic game kept me entertained for hours!
lenfive ratingfive i loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee this game
lensix ratingfive very nice game i love it
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lentwentyone ratingfour it's really addictive and a great way to kill time during rush hour traffic (i'm not the one driving)
lentwentyone ratingthree fun but theres a problem where the coins i get keep getting reduced after i leave the game and come back.
lentwo ratingthree pretty annoying.
lenthree ratingfive free nelson mandela
lentwentyone ratingfive thus game is amazing i love it but its kind of hard to see which way to turn from far away
lenthirteen ratingfive this fanoww i'm downloading now i've played but not on here
lenthree ratingfive its kinda kool
lenthirtynine ratingfour van i am using a coin magnet and it is about to finish but i get another coin magnet .it still finishes the power when the first coin magnets time finishes.so no use of the secnd coin magnet.
lenthirtyone ratingfour also another thing is that when i am using a power by double tapping on the screen, the coins data collected during that period are not saved in the coin bar
lenseven ratingfive the new upgrades and environments are awesome!
lenten ratingfive can't wait for the next update, keep it up!
lensix ratingfive exciting game from start to finish
lenten ratingfive nice game and low size (32mb) with nice and pretty colours
lenseven ratingfour great game to pass the time away.
lentwelve ratingfour a glitch in the program causes the game to pause without warning.
leneight ratingfour i usually die and have to start over.
lenfive ratingfour temple run 1 did it too.
lenfive ratingfour a fun and exciting game.
lenten ratingfive i don't think this game could get any better.
lensix ratingfive it provides hours of endless fun.:-)
lenfifteen ratingone tilt controls were much better in the first game where you could adjust the sensitivity.
lentwenty ratingone now its sluggish as hell and the mine cart areas are far too difficult as well as the small ledges.
lentwentyfive ratingone until that's fixed the game is nearly unplayable, which is a shame since otherwise it is better than in its predecessor in every way
lenten ratingfour i like that its more challenging than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive immensely cool and breathtakingly beautiful.
lenthree ratingfive a wonderful achievement.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game engine puts a river and a rotating spike thing right next to each other, making it impossible to jump over.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour also in the mine, when you turn and cant see the other side, it doesn't give you enough time to react when you need to tilt to go the correct way
lenfour ratingfive this game is awewome!
lenthirtyone ratingfive i didn't care too much for the first temple run but temple run is 1 of the best games its very addictive and i like it so you should download it.
leneleven ratingfour i try so hard to play it.but i like this. :)
lenten ratingone temple run sucks now they should just stop making it
lennineteen ratingfive i love temple run and when i heard a second one came put i was excited to download it.
lenseven ratingfive it doesn't disapoint i love it
lentwentyfour ratingthree love both one and two but have had to uninstall and reinstall number two numerous times due to game freeing and locking my phone
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun
lentwentythree ratingtwo on the ipod 4 generation when i open it it takes a while to show the screen and it lags alot when i play
leneighteen ratingthree the objective was reach 500,000 lifetime coins which i did but it shows i haven't completed it yet.
leneight ratingthree i have a 4g lg connect by metro pcs.
lenthirteen ratingfive i may be of pensionable age but i enjoy this game so much!
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run.
lenfour ratingthree fun fun & more fun!
lensixteen ratingfour much better, some freezes nothing as bad as temple run i would still get the app .
lenfourteen ratingfour don't my comments keep u from getting this & if u do ur loss.
lenseventeen ratingfive i thoght its a lame game when my friends played it but is really awsome try it!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingthree great game & graphics but laggy, even after update.
lenten ratingthree sometimes has a hiccup and won't register a swipe.
lenseven ratingthree also, doesn't keep coins in score.
leneleven ratingthree after earning 2000+, then exiting, i came back to all coins gone.
lentwo ratingthree galaxy s3 user.
leneight ratingfive login the new stuff very fun and challenging
lenseven ratingfive amazing graphics, way better then temple run 1.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo the first time i opened it i let me play but now when i open it it logs me out please fix and it shall be 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is just awesome!
lenten ratingfive love the game play it all the time five stars
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfour harder than the first one in ways, but easier in others
lenfive ratingfive this is fun to play
lenthirteen ratingone this app dosnt open when i touch it, i don't know y
lenfour ratingfive much better than temple run1
leneight ratingfive frame rate is just a tiny bit slow.
lentwelve ratingfive works perfectly on medium q.  a very fun sequel to the original.
lenthree ratingfour avery good game
lenfour ratingfive bring back the wings
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lennine ratingfour good but i wish you could change the sensitivity.
lentwelve ratingfive i love app sooooooo much lol follow me on instagram @danieee_btw
lenfive ratingfive i luv temple run 2!#1 game
lenfour ratingfive great game   it i
lenfour ratingone to slow to donwload
lenfourteen ratingfive i have never feel like the person running like this game makes me feel !
lensix ratingfive it's tuffer than temple run
lentwentythree ratingfive i think this is best game i like to play the most i wonder what temple run 3 would look like best game ever
lenthirteen ratingone i can't even play it just makes it go to home page
lenfive ratingfour great way to kill time
leneleven ratingone i loved this game.but one day it just shut down.
lenten ratingone now every time i try to play it shuts down.
lenseven ratingfive the best game i ever played for 2013.
lentwentythree ratingfive i am a huge fan of temple run and now that the second one is out that makes me an even huger fan.
lenfifteen ratingfive i think they improved temple run a lot so get this game it's awesome
lensix ratingfour put the different games together maybe
lenfourteen ratingfive is a great game i like it what am i saying i love it
lenthree ratingfour good time filler
lensix ratingfive i love it its so fun
lensix ratingfive love the obstacles and the cave.
lenfive ratingfive its more of an adventure!
lentwo ratingfive action packed
lentwo ratingfive great pastime
lensix ratingfive it's a pretty good game
lenthirteen ratingfive love this game i'm happy to say its better than the first
lennineteen ratingfive i would totally recommend this game it has a lot of new things that the other one dosn't
lenthree ratingfive luv the game
lentwentytwo ratingfour so addicting and overall awesome but cooldowns on power ups don't reset and please let us share our score on facebook.
lenthree ratingfour love it , addicted
lentwentyfive ratingone it shows i have collected 55000 coins in stats but only 2000 coins are there when i try to upgrade.coin vount changes everytime i start playing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfourteen ratingfive i,love the game although it's hard to find a level with gems!
lenten ratingone i downloaded it but it wont work on my phone!
leneleven ratingone i've tried reinstalling it but it still doesn't work.
lenseven ratingone temple run works fine on my phone!
lenthirteen ratingone it says you updated it for older devices but it still wont work!
lensixteen ratingfive this temple run is even better than the last(: it's super fun and crazy addictive(:
lennine ratingfive love it it's better then the first one  !
lenthree ratingfive wow wonderful graphics
lenfour ratingfive i liked temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive perfect game to kill time.
lenthirteen ratingfour it's good but at times it will not respond to my touch
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics love everything
lenthree ratingfour addictive, sometimes frustrating
leneight ratingthree its okay but i like the first one
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneight ratingfour great graphics, love the new obstacles and all!
lenthree ratingfive great game  addictive
lentwentyone ratingthree since temple run 2 is updated on my phone, when i want to play it, it goes back to my home screen.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingthree it cltiches and its really frustrating when playing.
leneighteen ratingthree this was working beautifully on my samsung galaxy s3 until a few days ago, now it's very glichy.
leneleven ratingthree doesn't recognize my finger swipe sometimes and has self closed.
lensix ratingthree i love this game, please fix.
lenthirteen ratingfour i'm not a huge game person but this is pretty fun game
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome
lentwentyfive ratingtwo can't play the game - the glitches are so annoying, the game stops responding for a sec and all commands fail sending you to death.
leneight ratingtwo really annoying when on 20k+ miles in the game.
lenthree ratingtwo also achievments suck.
lenfour ratingfive i love these games
lensix ratingfour lags a lot on sg3  please fix
lenfive ratingfour i had uninstall temple run 1.
lenseven ratingfour i love this game, great time passer!
lenthree ratingfour high score 23+million!
lenfourteen ratingfour only thing is sometimes it lags and won't go the way i swiped.
lentwentyseven ratingone good game but i paid $9.99 to get more gems and i got charged but they were never in the game.stole my money like a arcade game
lenfour ratingfive this game is retarded
lenthirteen ratingfive it is so addictive that i ran close to 700km in a single day
lenforty ratingone this game is fun but the lifetime meter never adds up.it never moves.been on level 8 for over a week.had to uninstall.became to boring after awhile.won't reinstall beaux i've lost all my process now
lensixteen ratingone i really want to like this but every time my phone restarts so does my game.
lenfourteen ratingone it seems like every time my battery dies it takes out my save file
lenfive ratingfour its a lot of fun.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1.
lentwenty ratingfive however the only problem is that sometimes when you use save me, the game crashes and you lose a gem.
lenseven ratingfive other than that, this game is awesome
lenseven ratingfive not supporting in my xperia.tr1 is supporting
lensix ratingfive much improved on the original game.
leneight ratingfive being able to choose runner is ?great take
lenfive ratingfour awesome graphics and good speed.
leneight ratingfive great game better than the original temple run
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game it's so much fun :] thank you.
lensix ratingfour works great on the droid bionic!
leneight ratingfour would get all 5 stars if i could sensitivity!
lentwentythree ratingfour all it needs is an update with add-ons from the first temple run like the resurrection wings and it will be perfect!
lennine ratingfive it is better than the first one :) great game.
lennine ratingfive keep it up imangi studios but a little favor.
lenseven ratingfive can you change karma lee's appearance?
lenfourteen ratingfive she looks like a boy when she's running but still a great game ;)
lenfour ratingfive in play this gamessss
lenten ratingfive i really like this is just amazing game to play
lensix ratingfive super fun i love temple run 2
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on motorola triumph.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm still partial to the original but this is a fun change up.
lenthree ratingfive awesome love it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty good
lenthree ratingfive good bt addictive
lentwo ratingfive simply superb
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenfour ratingfour the impossible obstacle sets.
leneighteen ratingfour they are frustrating and when they happen with frequency it takes away from the fun of this game.#2.
leneight ratingfour getting additional magnets no longer extends the time.
leneighteen ratingfour this is a must have game, however my notes above are something that i hope the developers read.
lennine ratingfour would give it five stars if they were fixed.
leneleven ratingfive way better than the first one, and thats saying a lot!
leneight ratingfive i would definitly recomend this game to anyone.
lenthree ratingfive have fun running!
lennine ratingfive distinct offense i/o off kg  hanger keller lemme
lentwentythree ratingtwo its better than before but i think subway surfers is better and has different themes,characters,powerups,and updated new themes every month.
lenthree ratingfive awesome as usual.
lenfourteen ratingone for some strange reason i can't download it i have a sumsumg captive.
lensixteen ratingone and yea everytime i try to download it says error so can u fix it please?
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive this shyt live
lennine ratingtwo fix back key problems and add a sensitivity option.
lentwentysix ratingfive i seriously couldnt think that anything that could be better than temple run but i think that i just found something better and i love it.
lenfive ratingfive fun upgrade to temple run
leneleven ratingfour it was way easier than the first game, but overall fun.
lenfourteen ratingthree i love it.cant stop playing it.am so so in love with it.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i like it prolly would love it if wouldn't  lag so much.not a great app for andriods excellent for iphones users no lagging.!
leneleven ratingfive super game to play in the little breaks in the day.
lentwelve ratingfive nice to see a game with no real-money purchasable ingame items.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it its better than the last one, good game to pass the time
lennine ratingfive i m in rajiv college of engineering and research
lenfive ratingfive even better tham the first
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so awesome!
lentwentysix ratingthree everything's awesome, but after a run, the points that i get don't add up to the bones i already have and some go away
leneight ratingfive the game is really well made and addictive.
lentwentyone ratingfive only problem to me is after a week or two your objectives aren't really practical to try to get anymore.
lenseventeen ratingfive kind of lose interest after a bit, but still one of the best free games ive played.
lenthirteen ratingone purchased a 50 gems pack last night, until now i haven't received any. :-(
lensix ratingfour love the more curvy gameplay lol
lenfour ratingfive like it's faster
lenthirtyfour ratingone it doesn't work on my phone  every time i opened it shows a picture of the home screen and then it closes by it's self please fix then i will give 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive galaxy user
leneleven ratingfour once you get used to the new interface, its quite addictive
lenfour ratingfive i completed the game.
lenfifteen ratingfive at the end you fight the monkey and you get to try out temple run 3.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour this game is awesome, but in just 5 minutes it would not let me play the game it is really frustrating and nerve recking so i had to delete the game.i said"this sucks!"
lentwo ratingfour addictive fun!
lenthree ratingfour very fun game!
lennine ratingfive fun cool addicting it's the best game ever
lenthirteen ratingfive idk why but temple run 2 runs better on my phone than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive new challenges, more fun, no ads. :-)
leneleven ratingfive i've played ur an its awesome.there are no problems
leneight ratingfive the new version sparks imagination into the game.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely adore it.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful pastime
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
leneleven ratingfive great way to pass the time and keep your reactions sharp.
lenfour ratingfour great game so far.
lenfifteen ratingthree ever since the new update i have been unable to open the game please fix
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive i just loveeeeee this gameee
lenseven ratingfour i agree to 1 of the complaints here.
lenfifteen ratingfour the picked up power ups should over ride the same power up you have now.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i mean, if you have boost power up soon to stop and u pick up a boost power up, the 2nd power up wont over ride the 1st one, instead the power up will still soon stop.
lenseventeen ratingfive game very addicting and keeps u occupied during free time when there is nothing else to do
lensix ratingfive i love it its so fun  <3
lenfive ratingfive addictive game.harder than the 1st
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it i like so tried it once but on a tablet omg!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneighteen ratingfive the game is smooth on my phone.but the game doesn't fit to my phones qvga screen .
leneight ratingfive pls bring out an update for this problem
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentynine ratingfour it is so fun and awesome the only thing is is that when you are riding the mine cart of you try to turn it won't let me.
lentwelve ratingfour i like how you can do great graphics and it looks realistic.
lenten ratingfour any way great game hope there is temple run three.
lentwo ratingfive great game(:
lennine ratingfour its a little slow can u fix it plz
lennine ratingfive i like it is better than the last one
leneleven ratingfive theres a few glitches but im confident theyll get worked out .
lentwo ratingfive simply excellent.
lenfive ratingfive it's great game  awesome
lenseven ratingfive very nice game please improve more graphics
lensix ratingfive run as fast, as u can
lenfour ratingfive a lot better graphics
lenfortysix ratingfive i have been anticipating this for ages, and i was not let down - amazing new graphics and lovely new features like the rope and mineshafts, plus the added scare of the giant monkey - works smoothly and perfectly on my samsung galaxy ace 2, five stars from me <3
leneight ratingfive graphics and gameplay for free its like stealing
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome i'm addicted.
lenten ratingfive 1 gets a lil lagy on my cell sometimes while playing.
lenten ratingfive but it runs smoothly although it has higher graphics need .
lenseven ratingfive just decrease the cost of store faculties.
lensix ratingfive best game for passing time .intense!
lenfifteen ratingfive this game has better graphics and new obstacles that are more exciting that temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive this game is hard to stop playing :) but i luv it lol ;)
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lentwelve ratingfive keeps you on your toes the whole time and keeps you entertained! !
lentwelve ratingfour this game is much better than the original but there are bugs.
lenten ratingfour i have over 600k coins but hasn't completed the 500k objective.
lentwelve ratingfour often a jump is made and the character falls in mid air.
lenten ratingfour but over all it is a good waste of time.
lennine ratingfour but there are lots of other much better games.
lenseven ratingfour would be better if it had levels.
leneleven ratingfour i get tired of running with no goal or finish line
lenthree ratingthree love the game.
leneleven ratingthree points keep resetting can't get past 3000, starts over every time.
lennine ratingthree now need 5000 to upgrade anything, well never get there.
lenseven ratingthree will rate 5 when thi.s is fixed
lentwenty ratingfive harder than the first, but the powerups are better and the graphics and running is better than the first, too.
lentwentyfour ratingone i don't know of it's a bug or just my phone, but it force closes itself when loading and i cant play.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive move the pause button.
leneleven ratingfive i keep hitting it and then when it resumes i die
lenfourteen ratingfive this app is great, increased the challenge and difficulty, nice to all temple runners
lenfive ratingfour good but need some improvements
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfour cool i love the graphics
lenfive ratingfour really fun and addictive game!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour just the sound/music dont actually turn off when they are turned off in the options and some slight problems with the track spawning impossible obstacles or even falling through the track.
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo i tried opening the app and on the loading screen it loads and then go back to my phone menu.please fix soon i played and was very fun: i have a coolpad quattro
lenfive ratingfive highly addictive, so much fun
lensix ratingfour would rate 5 but it lags sometimes
lenfour ratingfive please install it fast .
lentwo ratingfive effing fun!
lenseven ratingone game is structured around in-app purchases.
lentwentyone ratingone so unless you are willing to spend a lot time unlocking achievements (especially the last ones), be ready to pay up.
lenthree ratingone good job guys.
lentwenty ratingfour it is very fun to play but i  keep losing all of my coins when i die at certain points
lennine ratingfive love this game, espically since all the bugfix updates.
lenthirteen ratingfive used to be beyond glitchy at first, but now it's perfect! :d
lentwelve ratingfive it is so fun it also is harder then the normal game :-)
lensix ratingfive this is a pretty cool game
leneleven ratingfive it was great for a day then my data got deleted.
lenten ratingfive and when i try to play again the game crashes.
lenseven ratingfive good game but takes time to download
lenfour ratingone my coins keep disappearing.
lenseven ratingfive 1 of the best i've ever played
lensix ratingfour great graphics and a lotta fun
lenthirtyone ratingfive it is a great app good for time paas and really good adventures with a lot of fun if you wanna have fun and you love adventures than go for it
leneight ratingfive you get     gems and you can cheat death
lensix ratingfive its awesome just like the miz
leneleven ratingfive this game its amazing i love this game  10million download this game
lenthree ratingfive 5 stars all day
lentwentyfour ratingfive a really good download.if you liked the first one then you will love the 2nd one so go to the top and download now
lenseventeen ratingfive i love temple run 2 i think the pipelines were an awesome touch and i the train tunnel!
lensix ratingthree sometimes lags and makes me die.
lentwentyfour ratingthree objectives are sometimes very hard.getting 2 power ups at a time that are the same doesn't increase the time of the power up.
lenfourteen ratingthree sucks you cannot get a coin multiplier with the magnet like the old game.
leneight ratingthree visually very good tho.it is still fun.
leneight ratingthree just the increased graphics has some draw backs.
lenfifteen ratingthree cannot for the life of me run 1000m without getting coins like in the old one.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lentwo ratingone soooooo disappointing
lenfourteen ratingone when i open this app in android, always load and then exits the app
lentwentytwo ratingfive the way it's drastically changed and, at the same time, improved on the first game reminds of assassin's creed ii.
lenfourteen ratingfive the only issue i have is that the loading screen takes way too long.
lenfive ratingfive great game with improved graphics
lenfive ratingfour yes better graphics, added challenges.
lenfour ratingfour good for wasting time.
lennine ratingfour for me, i'm bored with it after 5 minutes.
lenten ratingfive its harder then the firsr game and just as addictive.
lenfive ratingfive loving tr2 play it all day
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfive this one is harder and more addicting than the original
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive yes get it but it won't stop asking me to rate.
leneleven ratingfive i love the bends in the road and water falls mostly.
lenfour ratingfour this game is fye!
lenfive ratingfour (: follow me on instagram @_chaneladoree
lenseventeen ratingfive way better than the first one and probably better than subway surf, that's just my opinion.
lenfive ratingfive they finaly got better controls
lensix ratingone im so disappointed with this app!
lenfour ratingone it doesnt even load!
lenfive ratingone it opens then force closes!
lenseven ratingone i was really upset at this , smh, :-\
leneight ratingthree graphics are screwy and play with the eyes
lenseven ratingfour better graphics and more activates than running
lenfour ratingfive it's super addicting :3
leneleven ratingfive great game we are waiting for temple run 3 plz thank you
lentwo ratingfive definitely recommended!
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi!
lenthirtyone ratingfive really a some  at first it was a little hard but i got the hang of it really cool game and i am a girl and i think it is cool
lentwentysix ratingone it does not download in my sony xperia neo v.says- error, file is invalid.please fix that and i will give a five star rating
lensixteen ratingone doesn't work right, couldn't make the guy slide, every screen made the guy jump.
lenfive ratingone deleted the game after 5 min
lentwelve ratingone still junk doest get past the first loading screen on motorola triumph
leneight ratingfour its fun, and is coolski cools dudeskis dude.
lenfour ratingfour ok, ill stop writing
lenseven ratingfive hangs occasionally but overall a great game!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfour me and my cousin have been trying to beat each others score.
lentwelve ratingfive its really better than tr1 i love it.thamk you for this version.
lenfour ratingfive make me fricken sick !
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingtwo doesn't save my coins after i play.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend!
lenfive ratingfive good way to pass time :)
lenfour ratingfour can't stop running
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfive i love this game so much  and .
lentwelve ratingfive the game is just boss and i want people to know that.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfourteen ratingthree when i open it up it says the intro thing but dose'nt open
lennine ratingfour its a nice app and waiting for new update
lenseven ratingfour i like it, its fun to play.
lentwenty ratingfour i cant figure out how to continue on once u reach the end of psth & its a cliff, sudden drop!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lentwo ratingfive super game
lensixteen ratingfive the original temple run was so much fun, but this is better by a long shot.
lenfifteen ratingfive so many improvements have been made to the game, and it's still ad free.
lenseventeen ratingthree good game not as good as the first have only reached 14mil on this one so far lol.
lenforty ratingthree it is very annoying also when the same objectives that i have already done keep popping and also sometimes i could be swiping left right down or even up and the only way it wants to go sometimes is up
lenfour ratingfive just love this game!
leneight ratingone wont even load the game, it just freezes.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lensix ratingfive i love this app so much!
lenfourteen ratingfive way better than the first game and runs really well on the droid dna
lenfive ratingfive i would recommend this game.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingone need to fix stuck on level 8 it won't add my coins the objectives are just stuck please fix!
lenthree ratingfive awsome game incredible
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingone paid $4.99 for the coin doubler.
lenseven ratingone now where's my doubled coin amount.?
lennine ratingone it's been nearly two weeks since i paid.
leneight ratingone this update hasn't fixed much of anything.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphical update, especially a curved road, adds a lot of depth to the game.
lenthree ratingone wont load android
lenfive ratingfive great app.nice graphics, exhilarating!
lenfour ratingfive a very fun game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingone freezes keep occuring and your actions on the character dont work.
lenfour ratingone i hate this game.
lenfifteen ratingone everytime i go to play in on my samsung infuse it won't pull up.
lenthree ratingfour a little unsmooth
lenthirteen ratingfour just wish there was a better variety of the scenery still pretty good
lentwelve ratingfive i love it only if i can get passed the  charts part
lenfour ratingfive love so much fun
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lennine ratingthree i'm hoping this will be worth my time.
lentwelve ratingthree i've been trying to download this for 45 minutes only 10 percent. -tyrone
leneight ratingfive so much more things than just running straight.
leneight ratingfive lol, all in all tr2 is a good game!
lenthirtytwo ratingone i downloaded it and i cant even play the dang game it opens to the green s or 8 thing and the simply takes me to my home screen needs improvement on that
leneight ratingfour awesome, way better & more 'real' than the original.
leneleven ratingone so i downloaded it and i can't even  play it.
lenfour ratingone this is bull$hit
lensix ratingfive great game, works well on tablet.
lenfour ratingfive very great  this game :)
lenfour ratingfive all play this game
lensix ratingone it won't let me download
lenten ratingone not opening, played it on another phone and loved it.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfive ratingfive love to play this game
leneleven ratingthree i'm only on level 8 and the objectives are so hard.
lentwentyseven ratingthree it would be more fun if the objectives were easier to have more fun playing, not taking days to get 1 and then get another extremely hard one.
leneight ratingfour very addicting and no freeze problems like temple 1.
lenfifteen ratingfour it is the most fun game on mobile because it is really a competitive game.
lensixteen ratingone when ever i go on to the game it won't load passed the begining picture.
lennine ratingone so it doesn't work on t mobile sidekick
leneight ratingfive i is an amazing games which creates enthuziasism.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfortynine ratingfour it's great specially the graphics part but i have noticed two glitches- if the runner takes a powerup (say magnet) n before it ends it takes another one of the same powerup there is no increased powerup time instead it ends within the time limit of first magnet.
lenfourteen ratingfour jumping on the narrow ridges is also strangely hard when you tilt the phone
lenthree ratingfive goin isnt easy !
lenfive ratingfive dis game is better than 1
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive been in love since the very first temple run.
lenten ratingfive my only issue with this one is the reoccurring glitches.
lensix ratingfive a smoother gameplay would be everything.
lenthree ratingfour its highly addictive!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwenty ratingfive i got bored with the first one so i am so happy they came out with a newer harder one.
lensix ratingfive it the best game ever people !
lenfive ratingfive this game is really cool
lentwentyone ratingfive made me a bit nauseous at first bc i'm afraid of heights but i'm good now and love playing!
lennineteen ratingthree game is addictive and every time you start a new run it's different however my coins keep disappearing.
lenfifteen ratingthree one run ill haven 4000 an the next ill have 700 an i haven't upgraded anything
lenfourteen ratingfive love  this game play every day even if i am tired greasy game people
lenfour ratingfour fun game to play
lentwo ratingfour great fun
lenfour ratingone very usless nd boring! -.- >.<
lenfive ratingfive hats off to imangi studious !
lentwo ratingfive graphics awesome !
lenten ratingthree i would love this game if not for the glitches.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i've now done the same achievements 3 times and i have to do them yet again because as soon as i turn the game off it loses the achievements i just got.
leneleven ratingthree im getting tired of doing them over and over and over.
lentwentyseven ratingthree you have to tilt the device clear on its side to get the cart to tilt which makes it difficult to react when going at top speed.
lennine ratingthree i've resigned myself to using a "save me"
lenseven ratingthree every single time i come to one.
lensix ratingfive god-darn diggity this game rocks!
lentwo ratingfive excellent.awsm
lenfive ratingfive i thought temlpe run1 was cool.
lentwo ratingfive fun & addictive!
lentwo ratingfive jump, jump.
lensix ratingfive to the left, to the left.
lenseven ratingfive slide your azz and get the cash.
lenfive ratingfive it is fun as fukc!
lentwentytwo ratingtwo everything is amazing except for it messes up my current amount of money all the time and i don't buy anything!
lenfive ratingtwo ugh so annoying please fix
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
leneight ratingfive one of the best time killers there is.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfour the graphics are amazing!
lenfortythree ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)!
lenseventeen ratingfive ever since last update it will  load then take me back to the home screen please fix
lennine ratingfive its agreat way to just let time pass by
lenfive ratingfive great way to waste time
lenfive ratingone shuts down at loading screen!
lenthree ratingone k thanks boo :*
lenthree ratingfive awsome temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run
lenfive ratingfive fun game keeps me occupied :)
lenthirteen ratingfour grt graphics.bt you need to work on the some of the objectives.
lenthirteen ratingfive i have temble run and this one i love them both soo much!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenten ratingfive its a little laggy sometimes but its worth the download! :)
lenfive ratingfive addicting game, love this version
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingone this sucks everytime i open temple run2 it.
lennineteen ratingone frezzes right when i open it i through they would it fix it with the update they just put
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading
lensixteen ratingone i downloded it and it showed the imangi sign and went to my phones home screen
lenten ratingfive if you like temple run - this is ten times better.
lensix ratingfive beautifully rendered and with more variation.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend!
lenthirty ratingtwo good game but for some reason it ad too everything i had i was almost to level 6 and when i fixing to play again it's started me all over.
lentwelve ratingfive i think this one has more replay value then the first one.
lentwenty ratingfive if you love temple run you will love thus one even more i'm addicted keep up the good work
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics. <3 <3
lenthree ratingfour awesome game, really
lenten ratingfive if you love temple run  you will love temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive enjoyed playing it.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 macht spass!
lenfour ratingfive ich spiele es immer!
lenthree ratingfive ich liebe es!
lenthirtysix ratingfive hatz off to graphics  .too much addictive.me & my frnz we waiting for temple run 3 .pls next time add some more different different areas .& after certain meters add something amazing, new & dangerous .guyz must download it.
lentwentyone ratingone games should be easy in beging and getting harder later  but this is just the same = waste of time for me .
lenseven ratingone i hope someonecan get something from this
lensix ratingfive great game, different style and features.
lenthree ratingone downloaded,  keeps crashing.
lensix ratingone uninstalling now, for the second time.
lenfive ratingone not going to re-install.
lenfifteen ratingfour i'm glad some extra scenes were added, it makes the game much more interesting.
leneleven ratingfour the same, but bigger single enemy is kind of boring now.
lenthirty ratingtwo the demon blocks your view, slow to move from left to right causing me to fall off the edge, plus it's harder than it should be making it boring.
lensix ratingone wont play on my samsung infuse
lenseventeen ratingone too laggy.took bout a second to register my swipe actions when in part 1 it is instant
leneight ratingfour awesome job on the new game.totally addicted
lenseven ratingfour a good game, but need more objectives!
lentwelve ratingfour im stun at level 8, im freaking grinding to achieve 10,000,000 lifetime meters, coins,
lenseventeen ratingfive excellent game but.it is too hard to play in the wheel cart beast app.love it.
leneighteen ratingone downloaded didnt work so i unstalled the reinstalled and still dont work just stays on imangi studios screen !
lenseven ratingone really want to try oit the game :(
lenthirteen ratingfour more than 500k life time coins but objective does not update.please fix it
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lennine ratingfive fun game but u guys should be more creative.
lenfour ratingfive tr2 has done outstanding changes.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive love this game , better than the first .
lentwentyseven ratingfour but you need to change power ups so that when i pick up one while i have one active, it extends the life of the power up.
lensixteen ratingfour i use the magnet and i'll pick another but it won't help at all.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive very addictive but like most games it loses its thrill after repetitive game play
lennine ratingfive awesome game that will keep you busy for hours 5/5
leneleven ratingfour improved graphics and updated play mechanics make this a worthwhile download.
leneight ratingfour i'm not crazy about the "rescue me"
leneight ratingfour get your high score the old fashioned way.
lentwelve ratingfour u nvr feel bored evn if u hav played it a 1000 tyms.
lensix ratingfive this is a real time killer.
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and good game.
lensixteen ratingthree they say unlock two power ups, i did and it didn't check off the list.
lenfourteen ratingthree also i don't like the fact i can't jump over the wood.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseven ratingfour it's a great game- so addicting!
lenfifteen ratingfour i'm constantly trying to beat my high score so i'm always playing it.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour however, sometimes the screen will spontaneously go black and say i paused it when i didn't, or it'll skip for a moment like it's computing and it kills me.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i'm not sure if its just my phone or not, but the game is good enough that its glitches are overlookable.
lenthirteen ratingfive is it me or this game is much easier then the other one?
lentwelve ratingfour 1 star less as game got stucked in between still a great game
lenthree ratingfive cooll fun game
lenseventeen ratingfour rated down a star because everytime i use a diamond to make a power up "last longer"
lennineteen ratingfour it goes to waste after i play about 4-5 times and the little bar thingy goes back down to nothing.
lenfour ratingfour pls fix this error
lenten ratingfive liking it so far- more difficult, and harder defined levels.
lenfourteen ratingfive don't like how coins are not carried over if u die.just lost :(
lensix ratingtwo it keeps making me force close.
leneight ratingtwo i didnt wven get to play the game.
lenfour ratingtwo it just automatically closes.
lensix ratingfive i love it no words! :d
lensix ratingfive great game, love the new features !
lenfive ratingfive works great on my samsung.
lenfour ratingfive love the new obstacles.
leneight ratingfive the mine car episodes in the are great.
lenfourteen ratingfive also the new leveling system is challengeing and rewarding.way better than the first.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo i liked playing temple run cuz it was fast that what really made it addictive but even though the graphics are cool its really slow and i think it would be better if it was faster
lenthree ratingfour love to play
lenten ratingfive very much awesome 2 b played bst game after temple run
lentwo ratingfive fun great!
lentwentythree ratingone i have downloaded and uninstalled the game multiple times and tried to start the game many times before uninstalling and redownloading, never works.
lenthree ratingfive game is awesome.
lensix ratingfive it fun.cant put it down.
lenten ratingone game is great, but it doesn't count my coins.
leneighteen ratingone i've wracked up almost 100,000 lifetime coins and i have only bought one powerup because my coins dissapear.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lentwo ratingfive soo awesome!
lenthirtythree ratingfour while in the rope during the end of the boost, it slows down then when you get off the ropes, ypu speed up drastically and die because there isnt any time to turn
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love the game ,but sometimes if i go out of the game and try to get back on it won't come back on ,and it will put it back on the home screen.
leneighteen ratingfive i love the game but if google doesn't fix this problem, they will lose a great member.
lenseven ratingtwo more improvementd in terms if speed performance.
leneleven ratingfive made the game more interesting while preserving the same great formula.
leneleven ratingfour this new temple run 2 made this whole game challenging and fun.
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy this game. :)
leneleven ratingfive d power ups n graphics r way better than d 1st part.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensix ratingfive bt it need little more improvement
leneight ratingone i am not able to download this game
lentwo ratingfive excellent app!
lenfive ratingfive you must download this game!
lenthree ratingfive really enjoying game!
lenfive ratingfive very nice graphics.simply superb
lennine ratingfive this game looks stunning on the galaxy note ii.
lenseven ratingfive it needs to have s-pen compatibility.
lentwo ratingfive want more!
lenfourteen ratingthree the first one had overall better gameplay, honestly still playing because of the name
lensix ratingfive awesome awesmoe luvly die 4 u muahhhh
lenthirteen ratingfive brilliant game, definatly better than the first one, could to with more charactors.
lennine ratingone the application worked one time and hasn't since!
lenten ratingfive love that the power meter now does something! ! :) cool graphics!
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are amazing the quality of it is amazing just wow
leneighteen ratingthree i thought it was lagging because i didn't have the update, but after udpadting it still lags.
lentwo ratingfive time pass
lenthree ratingone worst game ever
lenfive ratingfive lots of fun and addicting.
leneight ratingfive but, there could have been more characters though.
leneight ratingfive it is the best game i ever played.
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfive ratingfive i really love playng it.
lensix ratingfive superb grafics, nice abilities nd powerups .
leneight ratingfive thanks a lot for bringng the second version.
lenfour ratingfive good job imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive u guys rock.!
lenseven ratingfive waitng for more games from ur side.
lenfourteen ratingfive i have had this app for a while now and still find it fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are so much better and the gameplay is much less jumpy.
lenthree ratingfive objectives are cool.
leneight ratingfive (except for the one i'm stuck on)
leneight ratingfive this has great variations and awesome graphics on s3.
leneleven ratingfive this game is great although it is a little bit lagging
lenten ratingfive excellent game better than the first one i recomend it
lenfive ratingfive its a really awesome game
lenfive ratingone it gets faster and harder!
lensix ratingfour takes tooooooo much time to load :(
lensix ratingfour more fun than the first one
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenseven ratingtwo i can only use save me twice.
lenten ratingtwo the third time cause the app error and force closed.
lenfive ratingtwo you need to repair this
lenthirty ratingfive although this surely isn't as cool as pitfall it is a lot more fair with in game currency and it is a decent upgrade from the first temple run.
leneleven ratingfive this is much better then temple run 1 and it's improved.
lentwentythree ratingone i haven't accually had a chance to play this terrible game because it won't work on my phone, a htc nexus.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.!
leneighteen ratingfour main bug is even when music and sounds are off, footsteps and clicking on the menu still sound.
lenfour ratingfour (htc thunderbolt ics update)
lenthirtythree ratingfour very addicting, but the only problem i have is my phone gets hang everytime i want to exit the game,it seems that the game love me too but pls fix this bug.
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy note
lennine ratingfive but i hate it because there are only 4 players
lenfive ratingfour amazing game  easy and hard
lensix ratingthree really good game but very slow.
leneight ratingthree can't play it cause its so slow.
lenten ratingone after updating last time it has got some kinda bug.
lenthree ratingone it doesnt restart
lennine ratingthree i am writing it again bcz game bugs sucks.
lentwenty ratingthree i scored 15 million and collected 20000 but as i said early suddenly game hanged and game crashed and whole progress lost.
lenthirteen ratingthree even i collected 10 gems that got in negative when i restarted the game.
lenten ratingthree its really annoying that my highest score got in vain.
lenseven ratingthree please fox the bugs. .just too many.
lentwentyfour ratingthree the player just gets wiped of the screen on narrow paths   boost gets over but the player continues to run super fast and dies.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensix ratingfive bt it need little more improvement
lentwentyone ratingthree would have given it a 5 star had it not been for two bugs: 1) the magnet/shields dont have an additive effect.
leneighteen ratingthree 2) more annoyingly, though, there is a bug in level 8 making it almost impossible for me to reach level 9.
lenfive ratingthree the meter for "gold miner"
leneleven ratingthree (500 k coins) does not move (!) despite getting to over 500 k coins.
lentwo ratingthree highly irritating.
lenseven ratingthree ridiculously difficult to reach 9 even after spending $$$.
lenfour ratingthree uninstalling, unless fixed soon.
leneleven ratingfive why can't i download it on my  samsung tablet gt-p1000
lensix ratingfive good geme for my time paas
lenseven ratingfour last update, no lag and freeze anymore,
lentwentyone ratingthree its a fun game but as soon as you get the hang of it , it start to slow down & freeze up.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfive i like it much more than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenthree ratingfour bleh la layannn
lenfive ratingtwo i love playing thus game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo it's loads better than the first one, but it shuts down/freezes/reboots my phone constantly.
lenseven ratingtwo i wish i could play it more
lentwo ratingfive yea ge
lenseven ratingfive about time they released the android version.
leneight ratingfive enjoyed the first and the second is better.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenfour ratingfive totaly exellent compair to tp1.
lentwo ratingfive winning game!
lenthree ratingfive fun and simple
lenfour ratingfive what a beautiful game
lenthree ratingfive jhakhasssss graphics fantastic
lennine ratingtwo it alright but i think temple run is better
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwentyseven ratingthree the game freezes and begins to slow down frequently causing you to lose the game once this glitch is corrected the game will be much more enjoyable
lenfour ratingfive great game, very addictive
lenfifteen ratingfive this is the besr, most addicting game i've ride played on a cell phone
lenfive ratingfive good way to kill time
lenthree ratingfive great job team.
lentwo ratingfive nyce game.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
lenseven ratingfive great game makes me play for hours !
lenfour ratingfive much improved much better
lenfour ratingfive addicted to the like.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first ver.
lentwo ratingfive comprehensively superb.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenseven ratingfive i play this on my ics samsung s2.
lenseven ratingfive the gems make the game more fascinating.
lenseven ratingfive i'm very pleased with this game!
lenseven ratingfive i give this game 5 stars hands down!
leneleven ratingfour good game but swaying side to side is a little difficult.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
leneight ratingfour there is some lag in moving the  player.
lennine ratingfour developers could make it better with some more graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive amazing game i thought 1 was good but it shows even the best can be improved on.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
leneleven ratingfour this new temple run 2 made this whole game challenging and fun.
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy this game. :)
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfive ratingfive love to play this game
lenseven ratingfive its one of the gud android games.
lenfive ratingfour . runs smooth and is addictive.
lentwo ratingfive great games .
lenfive ratingfive i love temple run 1 and 2
lensix ratingfive my most favourite game e ver
leneleven ratingfive really enjoy this game and much better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are cool
lentwo ratingfive sooooo sogood
lensix ratingone nt working hanging and forse close
lenfour ratingfour like the new graphics.
lenfive ratingfive cant express the happiest feeling.
leneight ratingfive awesome game with awesome graphics with awesome features.
lenseven ratingfive the one who are coplaining with hanging.
lenthirteen ratingfive pls try out with desabling internet in ur android tab,mobile or note.
leneleven ratingfive pls fix for i cant jump when runnung in a hill
lentwelve ratingthree temple run 1 was way better than this 1  looking forwrd to temple run 3
leneight ratingfive really a gud game.it needs something changed.
lenfourteen ratingfour introduction of the rope and the cart makes the game all the more interesting
lentwo ratingfive nice game. :)
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwentyfour ratingfive everything that the predecessor had with a fresh twist, plays smooth a deeper upgrades the only thing that is missing is the less tracks
lensix ratingfive better graphics and harder to crack.
lenthree ratingfive will definitely recommend
lenthree ratingtwo first ones better
lenfour ratingfive seems difficult but cool.
lenseven ratingfive it's good but download is slow.
lentwo ratingfive class game
lentwentyseven ratingthree really good game but sometimes it just stops it goes to imangi studios then suts down on me but if it didn't do that then 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive time pass
lenseven ratingfive it is ver nice specially the graphics
lenten ratingfive challenging without being too difficult for anyone to have fun.
lenthree ratingfive a great game.
lenfive ratingtwo have int try  it ye
lenseven ratingone it doesn't load on my phone.
leneight ratingfive i am lucky that i have this game
lenthirteen ratingfour i really enjoyed the first temple run but this one is way better!
lenfour ratingfour the graphics are awesome!
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is very very fantastic game i am so love it , it's so better than temple run 1 so so much , good work.  :d
lenfive ratingfive galaxy s2 it's best game
leneleven ratingfour i love it so much but it lags sometimes.please fix.
lensix ratingfour 1st temple run lags a bit too.
lentwo ratingtwo time pass
lenfifteen ratingfour very cool and essay better however it seems that my 5 gem purchase will not show
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive excellent grafic.
leneight ratingfive simply out classed the temple run loved it
lensixteen ratingfive i was li'll disapointed by temple run 1, but temple run 2 goes more than my expectations.
lenfive ratingfive i strongly recommend this game.
lensix ratingfour great game to spend free time !
lenseven ratingfour definitely better than it's previous version.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenseventeen ratingfive the best game ever than other games brilliant ewsome love this game addictive can't put down.
lenthree ratingfive sumtimes really laggy !
lensix ratingfour very addictive and easy to enjoy.
lentwentyone ratingfour game could be made better with a variance to some of the additional games, but overall good for a free game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent, improved.
lentwo ratingfive grt game
lenseven ratingfour cool game good things 4 stars from me
lenfourteen ratingfive nice and thrilling it makes my heart fall from 5th floor to ground floor amazing;)!
leneight ratingfive a good game bt made me so addicted.
lentwentysix ratingfour its not bad for xperia sola but it stucks,  so i need a update played, i must say itz pretty addictive game among all gamez nw!
lennine ratingthree i played this game using my sister's tablet.
lensix ratingthree so i downloaded to my galaxy.
leneleven ratingthree but i tried to open the game but it never work.
lentwelve ratingthree th screen will always go black and force me to turn off.
leneight ratingthree i put 3 stars because the game is good.
lentwo ratingfive sehr gut
leneleven ratingfour i would give it a 5-star but it has hesitation glitches.
lenfifteen ratingfour but i noticed that playing with an ipad/iphone is easier in terms of difficulty
lenfour ratingfour can't stop playing!
lentwentyone ratingfour but the game crashes when you choose to continue the game (save me)  when the score is already around two million
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
lenfive ratingfive nice game, destroy my boring.
lentwentyone ratingfive the game is awesome l love it i kant  live without the game all day i play the game friends download
lensixteen ratingthree 500k coins quest won't get completed even though u have more than 500k coins showing in stats.
lenfive ratingthree pls fix will give 5 star.
lentwentyone ratingthree the game is awesome but i hate that the game doesn't store all your coins you gain in each play.
lenthirteen ratingthree it erases it after every runso i can't upgrade to another player.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game <3
lentwentysix ratingone dont know what happened but i have cleared the 500000 life time metres but still the objective is stuck at half.and also   bring back resurrect wings
lenfive ratingfive much better than earlier version.
lentwo ratingfive tres bon.
lenfive ratingfive lebih bagus dari yang pertama :)
lentwo ratingfour great job
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game, but highly dependent on the hardware, the same game sucks in my ipod touch.
lenfour ratingone crashes all d tym
lenthirteen ratingfive its evergreen app when its support all low level android smart phones.murali
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lenfive ratingfive this is amazing temple 2 game.
lenthree ratingfive best,scared hehe
lentwentyone ratingthree sometimes when i try to start the game it will load for a sec then go back to my main screen.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingone i love justin drew bieber so much ugh feels :(
lennine ratingfive it's a really good game and also addictive
lenfifteen ratingfour still shows gold miner objective (500,000 lifetime coins) in both my current and completed objective lists.
lennine ratingone it cant be opened  on my lg optimus big.
lenseven ratingone please i want this game so badly:(
lenfive ratingfive my nephew loves this game!
lentwentythree ratingone when tripping somewhere and the monster will come but tryna jumping in same time .taking 3sec to jump.so till then monster will attack.
lensixteen ratingone i think this is the buggy .please fix it.other then that the game was cool.
lensix ratingfive very exciting  game ever i played
lenthirty ratingfive temple run 2 is better than 1 with more new place to play i like the rolar coster is so much fun in the cave but this is harder than temple run 1
lentwentyseven ratingfour one of my objectives is to obtain 500 k lifetime coins. .i know that i have reached way more than that but it doesn't check it off.
lenseventeen ratingfive good game must download if you are bored try subway surfers or rail rush or x runner
lenten ratingfour when i open the game it auto close on me.
lentwelve ratingfour the only way i can get back on is uninstall and reinstall.
lennine ratingfour this is thr third time doing this please fix.
leneight ratingfour this is basically the only game i play.
lentwelve ratingfour other than this set back temple run 2 is flawless love the graphics.
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lensixteen ratingfour but it crashes sometimes when i use the save me option and stats are not saves.
leneight ratingfour i hv lost my a few high scores.
lenseven ratingfour then i will rate it five star.
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy s
lentwo ratingfive ohhh god.
lenseven ratingfive this game takes all my free time.
leneight ratingfour while i playing it struck in my mobile.
lenfour ratingfour best game for timepass.
leneighteen ratingfour i absolutely love this game but since the update its had issues in jumping and occasionally runs slower.
lennine ratingfour looking forward to this being fixed in next update.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingfour i prefer the first temple run though :-p
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing and very good
lensix ratingone polish a turd still a turd.
leneight ratingfive hard, but a fun little game to play
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it
leneight ratingfive it is better than the regular temple run.
lenfive ratingfive i unlocked all the characters.
lenfour ratingfive it was superb el
lenseven ratingfour fun game but freezes up at times. :'(
lenthree ratingfive great work imangi.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenfortysix ratingtwo its very fun i like how the monkey is bigger, although i dont like how sensitive it is to tilt the screen to collect coins, how you cant see the charecter when he/she slides underneath objects, and when you turn the corner the screen curves.
lentwelve ratingtwo unlike the older version the screen immediately switched to right or left.
lentwelve ratingtwo i gave it three stars because i still prefer the older version.
lenthirteen ratingtwo fix the sensitivity and the animation problems and its a five star application!
lennineteen ratingfour its totally better than the original.it keeps you on the edge of your seat.the moves are unpredictable
lentwentytwo ratingfour this a fun game but it needs to have settings like tilt sensitivity and swipe sensitivity and change camera view when ducking
lenten ratingtwo i never get the blue coins even i reached 10000 meters!
lentwelve ratingtwo if it would be fixed i would surely give of 5+ stars. :d
lenthree ratingfive best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive i cannot download it on my galaxy tab,,why?
lenthirty ratingfour i'd like to be able to unlock any acheivement instead of the set three makes it very difficult to level up, also keeps skipping and changing where i am.
lenfive ratingfour great improvement but needs tweeking
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennine ratingfive allot of effort was put into designing this game.
lensix ratingfive itz awesome no words for itt.
leneighteen ratingone i can't really rate it because when it tries to load it goes back to my homescreen.
lentwentytwo ratingfive first one is better because the second way of fulfilling the objective is no good but other than that.it's superb!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game!
lenfive ratingfive its nice to play it
lentwo ratingfour super game.
lenfive ratingfive top class game in world
leneleven ratingtwo game seems to be good however accelrometer stucks nd it lags!
lensix ratingfive getting to level 9 is freaking hard!
lennine ratingfive getting a million coins is going to take forever!
lenseven ratingfive i could never stop playing this game.
leneight ratingone turns off when it starts atomaticlly please fix
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lennine ratingfive you should put more characters btw really good game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive samsung galaxy s3
lenthree ratingfour well designed fun
lensix ratingfive its maganing to keep me busy.
leneleven ratingthree game theme-5/5 game presentation-5/5 game efficiency-3/5 works as shabby as mess.
lenfour ratingthree auto pauses in middle.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are nice and beauti
lensixtysix ratingtwo after a long day this is still the result of crashes and stuck in imangi studios logo on gt-p1010 running on android 2.2.1,i mean wtf until now the crash still here after the update?!wtf i am expecting to update this tommorow or later!you need to remember this until its not yet fix my rate will get lower and lower and lower,fix it now !
lenten ratingfour nice game lot of the fun can download positive respond
leneleven ratingfive really wonderful and amazing in graphics and for all age groups
lensix ratingfour thanx for fixing the layout problem
lensix ratingfour temple run 2 is very good :d
lenseven ratingfive always a challenge, always fun, forever addicting
lenfive ratingfive good addictive game.good job.:-)
lensix ratingfive even better than the first version
lensix ratingfive i would recommend for adventure lovers.
lenten ratingfive this sequel is amazing, and the graphics got much better!
lenten ratingfive best game of all i love it its veru addicting
lenten ratingfive like the first one and this one is even better.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much
lenfour ratingfour love the new stuff
lentwo ratingfive soo goood
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenfour ratingfive good ok 5 stars nice!
lenfortytwo ratingfive the game is great more areas to explore love the jewel idea that way you can play more you should make an online account so that if we change devices we can still login and all of our achievs will be saved
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is incredibly fun, and doesn't bore you after playing it 5 times like other games.
lensix ratingfive super game u should try it
lenfour ratingfive its a amazing game.
leneleven ratingfive it plays well.love this game.plz make a sequel again.
lenten ratingfive i love it its way better than the first one
lentwelve ratingthree i bought 150,000 coins and i still haven't received it plus 40 gems
leneight ratingfive it's like in the monster's lair
lennine ratingfive awesome, mindblowing , super.forget temple run first version.fantastic.
lenfifteen ratingfour i love this game but it freezes way to much but other than that amazing:)
lenfive ratingfour this game is very fun.
lenfifteen ratingfour there are still a lot of bugs though such as falling makes the screen glich.
lenseven ratingfour also the render needs to be better
lenfifteen ratingfive the best game i have ever played not only on android but on all platform
lenthirtyfour ratingthree everytime i upgrade my abilities with gems whih 1 gem it costs me 2 gems and it is lost after i close the game.i want this part fixed.i also have a problem with objectives.
lenfour ratingthree ex the 500k lifetime coins.
lennine ratingthree i already have600k+,but i still haven't achieved it.
lenfour ratingthree gud time pass game
lenthirteen ratingfive my daughter and i played it more than 1 million times already i think.
lensix ratingfive it never hangs or forces close!
lennine ratingfive my daughter wants to install the game so badly!
lennine ratingfive it is a very amazingly marvelous and interesting game!
lenthirteen ratingfive for the ones that not have downloaded this, don't hesitate to download!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game .
lenfive ratingfive mast hai turant install karo
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive tr 1 was awesome.
lenfive ratingfive but tr 2 is even better!
lentwelve ratingthree very good for a free game, still more to come i feel.
lenthree ratingfive loved this game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingfive excellent game so far.thumbsup
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lensix ratingfive simple to learn, fun to play.
lennine ratingfive tempts you with in-game purchases without being obnoxious.
lennine ratingfive awesome game love you temple run 2 and the maker.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive fantastic variant on a classic game for  mobile devices!
lensix ratingfive it's simply a fun game.
leneleven ratingfive it's on par, if not better than the previous installment.
lentwo ratingfive runs smoothly
lennine ratingfive this is weird.how come there is no exit.
lenthirteen ratingfour this game has a lot of pointless touches put in from the original.
lentwelve ratingfour if you want a nice, fun, simple game, just download the original.
lenfifteen ratingfour the only reason i'm giving this 4 stars is because of the fun minecart parts.
leneleven ratingfive i feel more easy to use and more easy to play
lentwentynine ratingone i have tried like 4 times to download this game cause i would really love to play but when i open the game it just closes to my home screen.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run is my not life but tr2 is my life-temple run 2. .
leneleven ratingfive i love the gaphics and its new feel when i play.
lenseven ratingfour amazing game make more games like this
lenten ratingfour love that the power meter now does something! ! :) cool graphics!
lentwentyone ratingfour but, why if i take a speed power up towards the end of another speed power up it isn't working!  :(
leneleven ratingfive it is more conenient to play on larger (min. 10") touch screen.
lentwo ratingfive owesome game
leneleven ratingone i had 141 gems and later found that i only have 41 remaining.
lenseven ratingone so i lost 100 gems with no reason.
lenten ratingone no one borrowed my tablet from me i know it.
lenseven ratingone give me my 100 gems back, else, uninstalling.
lenfour ratingone i wasted my time.
lenseventeen ratingone i literally became teary eyed when i found out that my hard work was put to waste.
leneighteen ratingone i did not even experience this from the original tr, so i don't know why this happened.
leneleven ratingone ps: i tried exiting tr2 then restarted my tablet, then launched tr2 again.
lensix ratingone shop is bugy, stole my 5 dollars.
lenfour ratingone emailed, but no response.
lenfive ratingfive i love this game over
lenfour ratingfive game r?t hay
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive but gets stucked during da game.
lensix ratingfive a very nice game to play.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfour fun game with some glitches
lenthree ratingfive absolutely awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lentwentyone ratingtwo would have given it a 5 star had it not been for two bugs: 1) the magnet/shields dont have an additive effect.
lennineteen ratingtwo 2) more annoyingly, though, there is a genuine bug in level 8 making it almost impossible for me to reach level 9.
lenfive ratingtwo the meter for "gold miner"
lenfourteen ratingtwo (500 k coins) does not move after a while (!) despite getting to over 500 k coins.
lentwo ratingtwo highly irritating.
lenseven ratingtwo ridiculously difficult to reach 9 even after spending $$$.
lenfour ratingtwo uninstalling, unless fixed soon.
lentwo ratingfive fun, addictive!
lensix ratingfive its really amazing,and entertaining game
lenfourteen ratingfour very nice game but require to improve graphics because it affects the eye sight.
lenseven ratingfive this game is a lot of fun.
leneleven ratingfive even better than the first which was awesome to begin with
lennineteen ratingone after that all the mb's used to update this game it game me an error package file invalid.
leneighteen ratingfive i don't have any words about this game i just wana say best game in the world
lenthirteen ratingfive great improvement over first game better graphic, levels, more adventurers and fun gameplay :)
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenthree ratingfive really fun game!
lentwentyone ratingfour very interesting game but the coins and the ground r in same color so itz difficult to pick up d coins.
lenfifteen ratingfour and also d same place s repeating so little bit boring but overall itz addictive.
lenthirty ratingthree you need to sort out when buying things so that it asks if you're sure you want to buy those power ups with the coins collected in the game.
lentwentynine ratingthree when i try and scroll the page it buys things i don't want so i have to keep playing it over and over to collect back the coins.
lenthree ratingthree overall really fun.
lenfourteen ratingfour i would give it five stars but it keeps freezing and won't open
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game i thought 1 was good but it change my mind to change over my thought
lenfive ratingfive good concesept of the game
lenfour ratingfive more of a challenge.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game
lensix ratingfive captures floating touch events on sola.
lenseventeen ratingfive the runner keeps dying :-(  update choose best graphics in settings for good quality animation sola problem fixed!
lensix ratingfive i love the rollercoaster in particular
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game.
leneighteen ratingfive bit lagging in my android dnt knw y ? still excellent graphics, superb concept and attractive to play repeatedly !
lenfour ratingfive till now responding good.
lenfifteen ratingfive there should be light version of this game so every 1 can take chance to play.
lensix ratingfive super love this game, very addicting!
lenfive ratingfour this is a genius game.
lentwenty ratingfour this is a big upgrade from the first one, with tons of new graphics, upgrades, and locations all for free.
lentwentyseven ratingfour what i would like to see is like in subway surfers where you can see your friends' scores, it is a great way to get more competitive.
leneleven ratingfour and this game is really reliant on tilting, that could change.
lenthree ratingfour great job imangi!
lenseventeen ratingone not sure if its myphone or what but it opens and closes when i try to play
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lennine ratingfour it's got alot more graphics than the first.
lenfifteen ratingfour the timing for jumps and moving side to side needs a little fine tuning tho.
lentwenty ratingfour sometimes i have to tilt my phone way over to the side so i don't fall off the ledges.
lenten ratingfour but all in all i really really enjoy this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour love the graphics
lenfive ratingfive loved it to the core!
lentwelve ratingfour love it when a game surprises with a totally revamped second offering.
lennine ratingfour lots of hours to be had with this one.
lennineteen ratingfour nice game just like the first one, but there is no sensitivty control, might be better if there is
lenfive ratingfour it freezes sometimes not all
lenthirteen ratingone on my galaxy tab it cant be downloaded they tild me download error
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenten ratingfive played it on my mothers android phone and got addicted  :-)
leneight ratingfive very good graphics and some addditional addictive material.
lenthree ratingfive nycly desighned version 2
lenthree ratingfive cool addictive game.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best game ever created!
lenseven ratingtwo the game completely freezes after i die.
lenthirteen ratingtwo so every time i open it again, i have to replay the tutorial.
lenten ratingtwo the one time i got past the tutorial, it restarted.
leneight ratingtwo it also lags like crazy when i play.
lentwo ratingtwo galaxy player
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome game, highly addicted and it is a must play game without any issues on my galaxy s2
lenten ratingtwo everytime i download the game it wont go past homescreen
lenfour ratingfive i loved playing it.
lenfourteen ratingfive just as good as the first one just not enough characters to choose from
leneighteen ratingone see by the comments that everyone loves the game.all except for the ones using my model phone.
lennine ratingone ive experienced the same crashing before fully loading problem.
lenseven ratingone un-installed this app because of it.
lentwentysix ratingfour i think my main reason why i always die or fall off is the side edges and how tricky the turns look lol cant really tell
leneight ratingfive game i like it thanks for this one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfourteen ratingfive the screen resolution is not good on lg optimus e. please fix this asap.
lentwentynine ratingone i cant install this because of error 489 i dont know what that is but i tried to install it multiple times and the same error pops up every time.
leneight ratingfive this is so very cool it works great
lenfive ratingfive nice game i ever played
leneight ratingfive wah, it is very nice to ply it !
lentwo ratingfour nice app
lenfive ratingfive it worth getting or downloading
lenseven ratingfive i'd recommends this game to everyone.
lenfive ratingfive this game has awesome graphics
lentwo ratingfour great updation.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lenten ratingfour bt i think it needs improvisation in terms of objectives
leneleven ratingfive if you can give free gem there will be so good
leneleven ratingfive challenging but always want to know what's around the corner!
lenseventeen ratingfour this is a very good game but it lags sometimes hope u fix it with an update
lensix ratingthree this is not a free game.
lenthirtythree ratingthree for free, you always start from beginning with each death, so it's not really playable for more than a few minutes unless you can handle the same exact thing over and over.
lenfour ratingfive iikes it a lot
lenfive ratingfive awesome game just loved it
lenseven ratingfive simple, but awesome as it should be.
lenfour ratingfive nice game,its fun
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome game, but it get really annoying when im tilting on minecart stages.
lensixteen ratingfive idk if this was left out of difficulty appeal but u need to add sensitivity in
lentwo ratingfive intresring game
lennine ratingone they need to update it to zte score please
lentwo ratingfive grt game
lenseven ratingfive love this game.hope 3 is coming soon
lensix ratingfive great game better than the 1st one
lenthree ratingfour fun and addictive
lennine ratingfive one's a little slow on t mobile mytouch
lentwo ratingfive #hooked #addicted
lenthirteen ratingfour it is a bit harder than the first one but its better animated
lentwo ratingfive displays error 498.
lenfifteen ratingfive one of the most fun and addicting games i've played in a long time.
leneight ratingfive this game is better then the first one
lennine ratingfive so much more addicting than the first temple run!
lenthirteen ratingone why i cant download this game its said that there is an error.
lenfour ratingone plz need sone help
leneight ratingfour hope this update improved the response in tilting.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lensix ratingfour way way smoother than temple run.
lennine ratingfour though it crashes sometimes when i select save me.
lenseven ratingfour edit : the save me bug is fixed.
lentwentythree ratingfour but near the end of the duration of the effect of the coin magnet if another magnet is collected, the effect terminates immediately.
lentwentytwo ratingthree im at level 8 n collected over 500000 lifetime coins but still its showing that 500000coin objective is uncomplete n it iz still stuck there.
leneight ratingtwo is always lagging, so it makes me lose.
lenseven ratingtwo it takes a  long time to load.
lenseven ratingfive it is excellent app in the world.
lenfour ratingfour obvious troll is obvious.
lenseven ratingfive the most addicting game i've played.
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever!
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1!
lenfive ratingfive warning its an adictive one
lentwo ratingfive addicting game.
lenthree ratingfive hardly play 1 anymore.
lentwo ratingfour fun compulsive .
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingfour needs some improvement after the launch of subway surfer this game became boring but still 4 star!
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenfourteen ratingfive everything is good,, but still i found the previous version is still more exciting.
leneighteen ratingfour amazing game ! :-) but not content when upon exiting quickly from the game, and coming back the game freezes!
lenfifteen ratingfour i had to force twice to continue playing because i am addicted to this game.
lenfive ratingtwo great game but keeps freezing!
leneleven ratingtwo its getting really annoying so please fix it otherwise ill uninstall
lennine ratingthree goddamn it, its lagging and i keep on losing.
lenfour ratingthree the else, its fine.
lenten ratingfive amazing game.best than temple 1.guys if u dont have.
lensix ratingfive plz download it n play it.
lenfour ratingfour need more un game.
lensix ratingfour bcz some time suddenly it stop
lenfour ratingfour its a great game :/
lenseven ratingfive awsum graphic.new items r so exciting.
lensix ratingfive love it in a crazy way.
leneleven ratingfive spend way too many hours trying to do better and better.
leneight ratingfive my daughter and i play all the time
lenseven ratingfour thanks for this nice game specially graphics
lenseven ratingone the coins keep resetting after each game.
lensixteen ratingone it's a pain to get the upgrades as after every game u loose ur coins.
lensix ratingfive i luvvv disss.its so addictive!
lenseven ratingfour fun , but difficult ;)  but difficult is cool.
lenfour ratingfive what a game fantastic
lennine ratingfive brilliant graphics for the simple game that it is.
lenthree ratingfive vry gud game
lentwentyfive ratingone temple run has become somewhat of a chore to play and after the long development time shows just how boring this style of game is.
lentwelve ratingfour but i honestly think the train part was a lil too much.
leneleven ratingfive this is one of the most addictive games of the year!
lenten ratingfive but in my opinion one of the best games also
leneight ratingfour be aware cause this game is very addictive
lenten ratingfive the levels make this one interesting than the previous one.
lentwentyfour ratingfour much better than the other but it would be nice if you could choose between male or female so you just get the 4*s.
lensix ratingfour im addicted i love this game!
lentwenty ratingthree why when i was done playing it and it loose when the guy in the game fail it always hang .
lenthree ratingthree i rate 3 stars
lenfour ratingtwo not valid for ics 4.0.4?
lenthree ratingfive commendable effort guys.
lensix ratingfive keep up the great outstanding work.
leneight ratingfive i wish i could give more than 5 stars :-)
lenfour ratingfive better than all runs.
lenseven ratingfive live your life wit temple and chips
lenfour ratingfive great graphics n addictive
lenten ratingone when i jump and i make it sometimes i die.
lenthirtythree ratingfour the addition of the levels and unlockables are a huge improvement but i feel like the controls are slightly less responsive, or maybe the game itself is a little less forgiving for mistakes.
lennine ratingfour nothing that can't be ultimately figured out though.
lentwentyfive ratingfive one major thing thank you for making this game free coz if it was not i would have to download it trough blackmart thanks again
leneight ratingfour tilting isn't as sensitive as temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive really cool game
lenthirteen ratingfive i just downloaded and played temple run 2 and i just love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive the game play and graphics are way too better than the previous version.
lenseven ratingfive i definitely give 5 star to this game.
lenthree ratingfour awesome game period.
lenfourteen ratingfour only downfall i have found to this point is a bit laggy at times.
lenten ratingfour but it's a great time killer when in school.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingfive love the new graphics and actually seems easier than the original.
lenfour ratingfive it was superb el
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lensix ratingfive amazing well better then temple one 1
lenfour ratingfive absolutely love temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive stunning graphics, excellent control, cool new paths.
lensix ratingone app won't start at all.
lenten ratingone opens to the loading screen, vibrates twice, then force quits.
lensix ratingone kinda sad, i wanted to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive i never really liked temple run 1 but i soo love this temple run 2!
lensixteen ratingfive love the fact that we can choose players and we need to work hard for it.
lentwo ratingfive tnx developers.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree this is a good game but al the time it got freezed n hang n now movement not working this is rediculous.if i want to til it so its not working what the hell.mske some improvement
leneight ratingfive good game been playing since i uploaded it
lennine ratingfour i love the game,gud job,but it glitches.
lensix ratingfive a great game by imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive really fun game!
lenfive ratingfive feels like a roller coaster
lenseven ratingfive its awesome game and good time paas.
leneight ratingfive amazing game way better than the last one
lenfourteen ratingtwo at the beginning it worked fine,but after a few days it just crashed.
lenfive ratingone puts temple run to shame
lenfifteen ratingfive awesm game.th8 ealier version was gud but it shows d best can b imprvd on.!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingone i hate the bug,,grrrrrrrffrrrrrrrrr
lentwentyfive ratingfour the earlier temple run was a mind blowing game and it was a great hit but this one is not going to smash that record
lenseven ratingone doesn't work for my samsung sidekick 4g .
lentwelve ratingone i waited soo long for the update &  it still doesn't work :/
lenten ratingthree it's alright but the first one is way better
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lentwo ratingfive awesome app
lenfour ratingfive i loved this game
lenfive ratingthree this game has very excellant . :)
lenten ratingtwo it is a good start but it is really buggy.
leneighteen ratingtwo i keep getting flung off flat tracks or off a bridge when i'm not touching the screen.
lenseven ratingfive very good graphics with more challenging gameplay.!
lenfour ratingfive new features and upgrades!
lenthree ratingfive love the game! <3
lenseven ratingfive har kuch hi h game bhai logo
lennine ratingthree i would rate this more if it was smoother.
leneight ratingthree some of my motions don't pick up.
leneight ratingthree this is a nice continuation of temple run.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive really amazing and much better than temple run 1.love this game very much .:-):-):-):-):-):-)
lentwentyone ratingfive this can is so addicting and a little challenging i just don't setup of the achievements, only 3 at a time
lenfifteen ratingfive i think that you will love this game because it is a lot of fun .
lenfive ratingfive great than 1st nice graphic excellent
lensix ratingfive just fine notas good as templerun 1
lenfourteen ratingfive i like how i can revive myself and keep going for even more :d
lentwentysix ratingfour before yiu press the play that other take ways to long to go away but i still love the game no matter gow i gotta wait :)
lenfour ratingfive awesome game to have
lenseven ratingfive great game.definitely better than the 1st one
lenthirteen ratingfour excellent game.i will never expect how the is superb than other game.
lenfour ratingfive nice game superb graphic.
lensix ratingfive better than 1st one.this one rocks.;) :)
lenten ratingfive in the beginning where u start it shows a green !
leneight ratingfive brilliant game.alot harder than the 1st 1.very addictive. .
lenfive ratingfive love the rope thingy xxxooo
lenten ratingfive i can not put this game down, it is awesome
lenfive ratingfour quite time paas n enjoyeble
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive nice app my favorite game.
leneight ratingfive both 1 + 2 are great games, 2nd one is better though.
lentwentynine ratingone i saw my friend playing this on his apple product and it looked awesome however when i download and try to play all i get is the "imangi studios"
lenfive ratingone screen then it force closes.
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone fix bug and i will update review.
lentwo ratingone 0 star app.
lentwelve ratingone not being able to upgrade anything since my coins are somehow gone.
lentwentyfour ratingfour it's interesting, but we are always starting from beginning for each death, so it's only the negative thing for to get fedup.
lenthirtysix ratingone ~one month later after inquiring about the compatibility problems of this app~  *zero replys and zero fixes*   does not work on couple phones still, just crashes o ly on the starting load screen, fantastic!  :) lovin it!
lenfour ratingfive 5 $tar very addictive game
lenthirteen ratingfour just game is one of the best game played in a long time
lensixteen ratingfive not a fan of it getting so fast, but i can't stop playing either way.
leneight ratingfive the graphics is amazing and doesn't hang
lenfive ratingfive awesome update from temple run
leneleven ratingfive way better than any other   game i've played. :) love it
lensixteen ratingfour this game is better than the first one but requires some stability fixes on samsung gt-s7562.
lenseven ratingfour it lags a bit but is good
leneleven ratingfive it'like we are playing the best game in the world
lenseven ratingfive very fast paced.better have quick reflexes.
lenfifteen ratingthree when i mute the game, i can still hear some sound effect please fix this
lenseven ratingthree its not keeping score of  coins right
leneight ratingfive it is definitely better than the 1st temple run.
leneighteen ratingfour temple run 2 is not going to play on my phone it's going back to the game's
lenseven ratingfour one of the best games nice updates
lenfive ratingfive nice game but little hard
lenseven ratingtwo i've installed this game three times.
lennine ratingtwo it installs and opens, but closes shortly after opening.
lenfour ratingfive i am completely addicted.
lenthirteen ratingone i installed this app two or three times, and it's always freezing!
lentwentyfour ratingone i already deleted lots of apps to get this one and after the imangi studio image the game just stops! :( what should i do ? :((
leneleven ratingfour it is very good game to concentrate on the one work
lenfive ratingone doesnt even open. - motorola defy
lenthirteen ratingfive awsome game keeps the mind having to keep up at a fast pace
lennineteen ratingone u cud make the special powers last longer, make it stop freezing and make it easier to find jems.
lenseven ratingone please update and i will rate 5 stars
lensix ratingfive nice game but in the tablet 8"
lentwentyone ratingfive the graphics are compressed like when i fell the run again, menu, upgrade and tweet is overlapping please fix this thanks.
lenthree ratingfive a great game .
lennineteen ratingfive but in the start you are unable to locate the coins because of the colours of the game used.
lennineteen ratingone every time i tried to play it it goes from the loading screen to my menu only played once
lentwo ratingfive nice graghics
lentwenty ratingfour the only thing i don't like is you collect coins to fill a bar and once it's full.
lentwenty ratingtwo ok so ive been playing this game for a few weeks and at first i thought it was amazing untill.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo the game would start to freeze when i got a high score making me loose diamonds and the money i earnt on the game.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i also have been on there today and it wouldnt let me jump or move side to side very annoying please fix it!
lenseven ratingfour great game play.hard to put down!
lenfifteen ratingtwo it wont let me play it freezes at the begining and wont let me play
lensix ratingfive it is really an awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive i have gone mad about this game!
leneleven ratingone wont load on my samsung galaxy exhibit or my unlocked infuse 2
lenthree ratingfive love this gammmeeee
leneleven ratingfive it works so good that i cried for like three hours
lentwelve ratingtwo its takes away my jems and money when i havent bought anything
lenthirteen ratingfive i bet this game will give other developers a run for their money  .
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i have completed an achievement but the progress bar of the achievement is stuck.and it is not increasing.also my multiplier won't increase.
lentwo ratingtwo pls help
lenthree ratingfive great improvment from tr1
lenten ratingfive love the temple run 2 better graphics better game all around
leneleven ratingfour controls r sketchy sometimes but the game is still top tier.
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfour ratingfive n1 dude nice game ever
lennine ratingfive the best game ever in the world so addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive i want my score on facebook plzzz  and i love this crazy game
lennine ratingthree awesome game but play is very choppy on galaxy s3.
lennine ratingfive when i first started playing it, i got addicted.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is super fun, but isn't as sensitive as the first temple run.
lenfour ratingthree better than temple run!
lensix ratingthree but tilt control is too sensitive
lenfive ratingfour tgus game is sicknasty awesome. ;)
lensix ratingfive love it.10x cooler than temple run :)
lensix ratingone if not improved i will uninstall
lenfour ratingfive definitely a time passer
lensix ratingfive it's like temple run, but 2.
lenfour ratingfour better dan previous one.
lenfive ratingone graphic lags please fix this .
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time
leneight ratingfive lags very little but its an awesome game
leneight ratingfive spent more time on this than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lensix ratingfive love all of its new features!
lenfour ratingfive great game, really adictive.
lenfive ratingfour great way to kill time.
lennine ratingfive it's a really cool game.and fun! :d
lensix ratingone it wont even let me play!
lentwelve ratingone i opened it then it shows the intro screen, then it closes !
leneight ratingone it coudnt be downloaded becouse of the erir (498)
lennine ratingone same after d update crashes after the main screen :-(
lenfive ratingfive awesome controlling and great animations.
leneleven ratingfive game is gud, but there are few issues need to fixed.
lenten ratingfive 1.at the start, the screen toggles for fraction of sec.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i was nt able to find the sensitivity adjust tab, i don't knw if its missing or i may just couldn't find it !
lenseven ratingfive i love this app its so addicting
lenfour ratingfive hours of fun literally
lentwo ratingfive cool theme!
lenfour ratingfive best arcitecture this time!
leneleven ratingthree it's alright but it's nearly as boring as the 1st 1
lentwentytwo ratingfour so different with the first one.but i think the second one is make me more exited to play it, good apps!
lenfifteen ratingfive superb game it's the best game i have ever played 1 amongst the best. :-d
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome great graphics.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingone why is it everytimw i open it its crashing.
lenfour ratingone i cant play it.
lenfiftysix ratingthree the graphics are still excellent and the additions in the obstacles are great but i find the rest of it a bit too over thought, the page when you die and how you get bonuses etc, also when i trip over as the monkey is so big i can't see where my little character is.
leneighteen ratingthree not to sound like i really don't like the game or anything but i prefer the original.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for making this game
lenfive ratingfour i really enjoy this game.
lensixteen ratingfour enjoyed the first temple run but find this one a little harder so keeps you playing.
lensix ratingfive very good game new powers etc
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome i simply love it
lenfive ratingfive omg such snack amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive addictive aswel
lenthirteen ratingone i keep on saving coins so that i can upgrade a power up.
lennine ratingone when i check on my coins the amount decreased.
lenfive ratingone what happen to the coins?.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome!
leneighteen ratingfive it's of course different than the first one but this is actually much addictive than the first.
lentwentyone ratingfive some say pitfall is the best but i've played the game and it can't be compared to temple run 2!
lenthree ratingfour add facebook connect.
lenseven ratingfour so we can make competition with friends.
lensix ratingfour hope later update will make it
lensix ratingfive toooooooooooooooooooo gud plz download n play
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive the graphics are cooler and better than before.
lentwentyone ratingfive its way better then the first game, they took the first game and put ropes, carve, minecarts, and more power ups
lenthree ratingfive amazing super b
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfour laggin somtikes but.good game
lensix ratingfive better than the first awsome game!
lenthirteen ratingone 1* rating because everytime i die the app freezes on my samsug galaxy sii.
leneighteen ratingone can't even get past the tutorial i've tried re-installing but the problem wasn't solved.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lentwo ratingfour amazing game.
lenseven ratingfive thus game is great for the samsung s3
lennineteen ratingtwo i'm really liking this game except for the fact that my coins keep disappearing after a few games.
lenthirteen ratingtwo please fix this problem so i can upgrade and fully enjoy this game
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game
lenfour ratingfive play it every day
lensixteen ratingtwo this is a great game, and i play it a lot on my friend's devices.
lentwelve ratingtwo but it doesn't appear in the play store on my phone!
lennineteen ratingtwo i tried downloading irt on my tablet but it doesn't have accelerometers so the game didn't work.
lentwentynine ratingtwo could you either make a modification so you can choose to turn off features that require accelerometers, or fix the issue with it not appearing in the play store?
lentwenty ratingtwo i know this last issue is not unique to my phone, as a friend of mine has also experienced problems.
lenfour ratingfive best android game ever.
lensixteen ratingthree it is bad with this update and freezes while playing and i have to start over.
leneleven ratingfive excellent graphic works.am expecting much in temple run.like stages.
lenseven ratingfive this game better then the first one
lennine ratingfive good game i want you to make the episode 3 .
lensix ratingfive i will support you all time^^.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfour keeps getting better.
lenseven ratingfour cant wait to see a third one.
lennine ratingfive my bf and me enjoy too much with this.
lennine ratingfive it is really awesome include of the beautiful graphic.
lenfive ratingone and check your support mail.
lentwo ratingfive xlent game
lensix ratingfive get this game it's awesome.
lentwo ratingfive sooooooooooooooooooooooooo coooooooooooooooooollllllllllll.
lenfifteen ratingone it gets to the intro and then goes back to all of my apps page.
lenthree ratingfour its awesome sauce
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfive ratingfive temple run better than subway
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentysix ratingone dont know what happened but i have cleared the 500000 life time coins but still the objective is stuck at half.and also   bring back resurrect wings
lensix ratingfour fabulous game, really entertaining and addictive :-)
lenfive ratingfive amazing  my daughters love it
lenfour ratingfive very well improved game .
lenfour ratingfive just love it playing .
lenseven ratingfour so much better than the original version.
leneighteen ratingfour only if the colors were slightly adjusted to make the visibility of path better, it will be a 5*
lensix ratingfive fab game.got stuck to it.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is very challenging.i like the new look and obstacles.
lenfour ratingfive beteer than subway suffers
lenseventeen ratingfour there is a lot of lag time on mine and it makes the game hard to enjoy.
lentwentyone ratingone i already bought double coin but it still count as usual.very dissapointing.still waiting for imangy team respond my mail.
lentwelve ratingthree knowing you have to start at the beginning every time is discouraging.
lensix ratingthree check points would be really nice.
lenthree ratingthree otherwise decent game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthree ratingfive so great graphics
lenten ratingfive i love this game aloms like sudway surfer but berer
lenfortytwo ratingfive this game is very addictive and an awesome upgrade it lags a little and of course has a few glitches that i'm sure we'll be worked out over time but still enjoy hours of  gameplay.i really like this game
lenthree ratingfour and more challenging.
lentwentynine ratingfour iam so happy but i had to restart my phone and unfortonatly means i have to start again.needs option to restore score because i was doing so well :(
lenseven ratingfive way better than the original temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive the game is really fun, smooth and i play it all the time.
lenfifteen ratingfive only one thing, why do not we have more characters, like in the first part ?
lentwo ratingfive gud game
lenfive ratingfive this game is fun indeed.
lenthirteen ratingfive the time i think i am good at it, i am proven wrong!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive but it truly deserves 5 and 1/2 stars
lennine ratingfive played this in ios too by android also good.
lentwentysix ratingone i have the samsung infuse and every time i try and play the game it comes up and shows the imagine thing then it shuts down.
leneight ratingone fix that and maybe ill like if better.
lensix ratingfive nice gameplay, engaging levels and objectives.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive animation is better.
lennine ratingthree why doesnt it save the coins ive aldready made.
leneight ratingfive they really put some effort into making this.
lenthree ratingfive i enjoyed playing tr2
lensix ratingfive amazing no words fr dis game .
lenfive ratingfive addicted to it lol ;d
lenseven ratingfive can't beat free games like this!
lenfive ratingone before it even finishes loading.
lenten ratingfive love it s:-) it's great better than the first
lentwentynine ratingfour the game is excellent very addicting but every time i restart my phone i lose all my data and i start from nothing smh what's up with that?
leneight ratingfour fix that problem then it'll be 5 stars.
lentwentysix ratingfive it is really fun it is better and i like that you can still keep going even if you die and you can press save me
lenfive ratingfive very addicting and very fun
lenseventeen ratingtwo sometimes the game doesn't respond to the touch of my finger and it makes me lose. .__.
lenfourteen ratingtwo please fix it, my phone is brand new and i doubt its my phone.
lenfiftyfour ratingfour its addictive but one thing which i hate is the last rail link its very complicated what ever u do u fail there almost everytime apart from this hits crashes some time but graphics are intelligence i love this need to improved obstacle but on different way but overall better than temple tun one.
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lennine ratingfive the graphics are the best with my 7 inch tablet!
leneighteen ratingfive the mines are awesome, but sometimes it doesnt respond to your fingers on a screen of this size.
lenfour ratingfive but overall amazing game.
lenten ratingfive great fun to have when there is time to kill :-)
lensixteen ratingfive the game runs on ics but not on other android versions fr this phone (optimus black)
lenfive ratingfive likw the new add ons
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
lenfive ratingfive need i say more dev?.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfive this game is even more addicting than the previous game.
lenten ratingfive with the implementation of upgrades it was even more enjoying.
lenseven ratingfive kids got me addicted to this game:)
lenthree ratingfive faadu game dude
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingthree it is harder than the first one though i like originals
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun.
lenfive ratingfive love it jst knw addiction
leneight ratingfive i like this game v.v.very much;):)!)
leneight ratingone it won't open on lg optimus black.
leneleven ratingone i can play in other device but not on optimus black.
lennine ratingfive the game had a blow repeat to my head
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive everyone told abt this game, really this is a nice game.
lennine ratingfour the manuveuring is better than the original n official 1st.
lentwo ratingfour temple run.
lentwentytwo ratingfour however, i miss the other background n itz features hav definitely improved n upgraded overall itz appearance n atmosphere us wayyyyy bettteerrr!
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game just simply awesome!well,even this my first time playing,but i couldn't get rid of it,so much fun of it. .
lennineteen ratingone cool game, however it stutters all the time, especially when reaching a high score, it has loads of glitches.
lentwenty ratingone i bought 50k coins that never showed up in my game, nor did the 250 free coins from following them on twitter.
lenfifteen ratingone i emailed the devs twice with no response, i feel like i was ripped off.
lenthirteen ratingone even after the update it still does not work on my lg optimus 3d.
lenthree ratingfour bit tough than 1 .
lentwo ratingfive fantastic games
lentwentyone ratingthree this was a great game but as i updated i found my temple run under a couple of bugs and glitches.
lentwentysix ratingthree which are: first sometime it doesn't respond to my tilting and second again sometime i am collecting coins but the bonus meter is not filling.
leneight ratingthree tell me imangi studio guys what i do?
lensix ratingthree i really really love this game.
lenseven ratingthree it is astounding and simply the best.
lennine ratingfive omg love this game better than the first one.
leneighteen ratingfive they tuk a gr8 lesson frm their temple run brave bcz it was a real dsapointmnt 4 temple run lovers.
lenfifteen ratingfive nw they hv much btful graphics n new characters n story gd kp it up.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfour fun and addictive, plus better than the first
lenfour ratingfour love the motion control :)
lenfourteen ratingthree on my galaxy player, it worked just fine the first time i used it.
leneighteen ratingthree after i closed it and used it again later, it crashed after every time i tried loading it.
lentwelve ratingthree everyone else i know with a galaxy player has the same problem.
lenseventeen ratingthree downloading the game again every time i want to play works, but that's not real convinient.
lenfive ratingthree fun game, when it works.
lennineteen ratingfive i love all of the great upgrades that they did to the game compared to the first temple run.
lentwenty ratingone whats the point in playing and collecting coins if my coins keep diseapearing sort it out before i un install
lenfive ratingfive must download man love it
lenthirteen ratingfive best temple run ever.i didn't realty like the regular timple run.
leneight ratingfive this game is very good, it runs smoothly
lensix ratingone polish a turd still a turd.
lensix ratingfive really fun, way better than number 1
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lennine ratingfive still can't pass it but so much fun
lenseven ratingone don't bother trying to reach level 9.
lensix ratingone i thought getting 1,000,000 meters was bad.
leneight ratingone curious as to what the next challenge is?
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenthirteen ratingone i keep on saving coins so that i can upgrade a power up.
lennine ratingone when i check on my coins the amount decreased.
lenfive ratingone what happen to the coins?.
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game !:)
lenseven ratingthree good game, graphics are not that good.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree there are few bugs like when with magnet power if you take one more the time will not increase, some times game will get hanged, some objectives appear multiple times in the list can be made much better
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have this on my tablet and i love it but i just wish the ace should be able to get it
lennine ratingfive i like this version more than the first one
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseven ratingfive this game is really adicting its awesome
lenfour ratingfive excellent game.i ? it!
lentwelve ratingthree i bought 150,000 coins and i still haven't received it plus 40 gems
lensixteen ratingfive wow,,,,,!  very excellent game, i like this game, because the game is very 橋橋橋橋?ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive keeps u on ur feet
lennine ratingfive the graphics are way better than the first version.
leneight ratingfive i recommend it to you and your dog.
lenseven ratingfour game is good, only better controls needed.
leneleven ratingtwo my screen goes back to orignal home page screen pl help
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive very simple game that will entertain you thoroughly
lenfive ratingfour nice game need to improve
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
leneleven ratingfive can't stop playing it! :) and its soo  good its free! :)
lenthirteen ratingfive i think its excellent because its a complete change fro, the first one
lenthirteen ratingone i love this game but once i close it it will not reload.
lentwo ratingone sanding galaxy 2
leneleven ratingfive a fun game to play while trying to pass some time
lenfour ratingfive gd game its fab
leneight ratingfive good game but add more characters and stuff
lensix ratingthree its ok for what its worth.
lenseven ratingthree i've had to download & unistall 4 times.
leneight ratingthree and half the time it won't load.
lennine ratingfive i like this game better then the first game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 because you get to have levels and collect jens;-)
lenfifteen ratingthree is a fun game but it has issues starting up after i close it out
lenthirteen ratingfive i tried temple run and i'm just about to try tempe run 2:-) :-) :-)
lenthirty ratingone try to play on it on my phone,on the loading screen it backs out and dosent even ask me if i can report or force stop it,please fix !
lentwentyfour ratingthree i love this game but it seems lime i keep losing all of my coins and i don't even purchase upgrades with them.
lenfourteen ratingthree i had 5000+ one time and now i'm back down to 1000+ what the hell?!?!
lensixteen ratingfive i am in love with this game never thought temple run was as good as this!
leneight ratingfive best upgrade i've seen in a game.
lenthirteen ratingfive some glitch though with objectives not updating as complete for high levels after 8.
lentwelve ratingfive 5,00,000 lifetime coins won't complete even though i've more than that.
lenthree ratingfive the shiz niz
lensix ratingfive lovin the rope, the new obsticles!
lenthree ratingfive oh pleeaseee make #3
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfour great new addition
lenten ratingfive really its awesome with better graphics and improved features also.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseventeen ratingfive its a great game for when you are bored and you will not get bored of this
lensix ratingfive nice gameplay, engaging levels and objectives.
lenfour ratingfive da best game evaaaa
lensixteen ratingfive it has a lot goin on, the coins camouflages with the background that i miss them!
lenfive ratingfive the game is highly addictive, 6stars!
lenthree ratingfive nice game :d
lentwentyfive ratingfive the new gems addition is excellent, as is the mine, and the special powers of each character, e.g. scarlett fox's running power up
leneleven ratingfive the monkey is beast(both ways) so is the game beast
lenten ratingtwo it is freezing on galaxy s duos.plz do something
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original!
lensixteen ratingfive more addicting than the original and there is new elements that make the game more fun
lentwentyseven ratingfour many times the game will freeze for about a second and then skip ahead to the point where my charecter would be if it didn't freeze.
lentwentyone ratingfour this has been the cause of many deaths for me and makes it very hard to get a very high score.
lentwelve ratingfour if you liked the first, this is a more polished updated version.
lenseventeen ratingfour there is a glitch with the 1 gem cost on single use upgrades for power ups costing 2 gems.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive the first was good but this is great, i love it, ive still to reach the 1million mark but if it was easy i wouldn't play it, runs very smooth on here
lenfive ratingfive fun better then the first
lenfive ratingone whats wrong with this game.
lenthree ratingone it wont download.
leneleven ratingfive so addicting games so far.i really love adrenaline rush game.
lennine ratingfour this game tuns incredibly smooth on android jelly bean.
lentwelve ratingfour i have a galaxy s 3 and i cant recommend this game enough.
lenten ratingfive can never be better love it love it love it
lenfive ratingfive grandkids love playing this game.
lensix ratingfour gr8 very improved n very intresting tasks
lentwentyone ratingfive i love this game a lot but i stayed too long waiting for it to find it in the android store
lenfour ratingfour awosme  game love it
lentwentyfour ratingone every time i try to play my phone viberates nd brings me back to the app store nd i can't play the game
lenfour ratingfive its a awsome game
leneighteen ratingthree its actully really good and its almost exactly like timple run 1 but it takes some gettin use to
lenthirtyfive ratingfive some how floating touch probelm has been resolved in phone  game is running very well better than s3 i feel it with out any problem 5 star worthy  some how please fix it for temple run 1 also
lensix ratingfive good graphics for an android game.
lensix ratingthree i installed this game last night.
leneleven ratingthree it is but there is a major problem with this game.
lentwelve ratingthree it gets pause for no reason on my fone (htc sensation xl).
leneleven ratingthree the touch graphics hv some sorta bug which is causing this.
lensix ratingthree otherwise it is an amazing game.
leneight ratingfour good but it kept hacking into my divice
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lentwentyone ratingfive this is the funnest game on my phone i play it all the time its way better that the first one:)
lenfourteen ratingfive knocks spots of first one great game spend hours of fun on this one  '
leneight ratingfive its a lot smoother than the first one
lenten ratingtwo great game but still with duplicate objectives despite the update.
lenseventeen ratingtwo also at level 8 game gets boring as the leaps to accomplish the next objectives are too long.
leneight ratingfive yea not what i expected but still great.
leneleven ratingfive this game is fun no real complaints about it at all.
lentwelve ratingfive if you die a lot you are just bad at the game
lenfive ratingone la cagada no es juego.
lenthree ratingone no puedo jugar
lentwo ratingfive fantastic graphics
lenfive ratingone not working need for tablets
lenfifteen ratingthree grwat game.wish didnt lose coins evwrytime you strat over.other than that its great.
lennineteen ratingfour it's pretty good i have to say the tutorial was slightly confusing but nothing horrible overall pretty fabulous
lenthree ratingfive overall great game
lensix ratingone it wont open on my phone!
lenfifteen ratingone i want to play really bad but it never gets past the imangi studios thing!
lensixteen ratingfive have s3 and this game is awesome i've played it for 2 hours straight and its awesome
lentwentysix ratingthree i was at 24000 coins and then i played a game and didn't buy the boost power up but after the game i was at 17000 coins
lenfourteen ratingone this app glitches so much, can't get my score past 3,000 because of this.
leneight ratingfive very cool, i want to rate it 5 star.
lennineteen ratingfive this is the best game ever can't stop playing!:) i wonder what the temple run 3 gonna look like
lenten ratingfive this us better, harder,  and more fun than the original!
leneight ratingfive the graphics look great on my siii too!
leneight ratingfive i havent talked to my wife in days!
leneleven ratingone its not letting me download it, just comes up with error :(
lenfive ratingfive everyone should play it rate 5 !
lenthree ratingthree love the game.
leneleven ratingthree points keep resetting can't get past 3000, starts over every time.
lennine ratingthree now need 5000 to upgrade anything, well never get there.
lenseventeen ratingfive i was my kids playing, i decided to try it out n have been hooked every since.
lentwelve ratingfive best game ever- and i thought temple run one was the best!
lenfour ratingfive i love this.game
lenseven ratingthree its a cool game i like it.
leneight ratingthree but the game is lagy fix that pleas
lenten ratingfive its way better than the first live people in it
lennineteen ratingfour it gets a little laggy on the samsung aviator but otherwise a lot of fun and just challenging enough
lentwentyseven ratingthree what i dont like is that you have to start from the beginning if you die but oh well i only play it when im really bored
lennine ratingfive good fun not to much pressure to buy stuff
lennine ratingfive love dis game :) i play it all the times.
leneight ratingfive i love this game.many hours of excitement!
leneighteen ratingfour this game is really cool ,love the tunnels and the rope effect.i can't stop playing it
lenthree ratingfive fum and addictive
lennine ratingfive temple run sucked but this 2nd part is totally awesome.
lenthree ratingfive great time passer!
lenfive ratingone and check your support mail.
lenfour ratingone or refund my money.
lenthree ratingfive awesomeness on steroids!
lenfour ratingfive very good great graphics
leneight ratingfour love but love temple   run better. :-)  still love :-) :-) :-) :-) :-).
lentwo ratingfour rated 4 stars
lensix ratingfour graphics are leaps and bounds better.
lenfour ratingfour higher degree of difficulty.
lenfour ratingone phone is getting stuck!
lensix ratingfive excellent game, better than idol run 1!
lenten ratingfive it is so much fun to play pretty much anywhere
lennine ratingfive its the best game ever its hard but fun.
lensix ratingfive its the best temple run yet
lenfive ratingfour absolutely love the new game!
lensix ratingfour the scenery is on another level.
lenforty ratingfour i get kinda mad however when it freezes or i fall off the cliff when clearly i swiped hard enough to turn the corner or when the demon monkey catches me and shakes me around like i'm nothing.lol.
lentwentyeight ratingfour maybe the makers should create a temple run where we can fight the demon monkeys and get some revenge on all the shaking they do in this game?
lenseven ratingone gaat constant op pauze staan, echt waardeloos.
lenten ratingfive better game play and movement, love the control and handling.
lennine ratingfive finally a real black guy on a video game!
lennineteen ratingfive so far the only thing thats frustrated me is that i can never get pass the cart part lol
lenseven ratingfive this game is so addictive it hurts!
lensix ratingfive this is better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenseven ratingfive one of the best android games ever!
lenseven ratingfive this is so much funner and difficil
lenseventeen ratingone it did not let me even play it every time i tried exited me out of it
leneleven ratingone everytime i play, i end my runs when i get to 2500.
leneleven ratingone then when i go back to play all my moneys gone!
lentwelve ratingfive i was looking forward to play this game when it came out.
lensix ratingfive but whenever i press the game.
lentwentyeight ratingfive it goes to the loading screen then goes rite black to my home i was really in need for a new hip game but this is just disappointing
lentwentysix ratingthree damm game hiccups make me loose :( . still skips like the first game. cant react quickly because of it. hopefully a new update will make it better. gs3
lentwelve ratingone dont waste your time or space on here wont let you play
lensix ratingfive so much better and more interactive!
lentwentythree ratingthree but it's really hard!.subway surfer is much easier than this but i like this better it's just too much obstacles.
lensix ratingfive great way better than the first
lentwenty ratingfive this shocks me how good a game can be and i would say that subway surfers is gonna be forgotten
lenten ratingtwo great game but randomly force closes, sometimes while in game.
lenthirteen ratingtwo also randomly decreases coin bank even when i don't spend at all.
lenten ratingfive this is a great game i even beat my dad
lentwentytwo ratingfive had to delete reinstal cause it would load back up after tweeting but other than that love the game waiting 4 temple run 3.
lenthree ratingfive one word - amazing
lenfourteen ratingthree its a great game but it lags way too much and ruins the fun
lenfourteen ratingone the app doesnt open at all and it just force closes on its own.
lenthree ratingfour better then 1    hi
lentwo ratingfive simply magnificent.!
lentwenty ratingone but it not working it show the cover photo the go to home page by itself uuhhh so not fair
lenten ratingfive great graphics and a lot better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive amazing game it's so addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfive its much more difficult a took some time getting used to but its very fun!
lensix ratingfive never seen such kind of game
lenthree ratingfive great as expected.
lenthree ratingfive thank you developer.
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive
leneight ratingfour nice,but very hard to complete the levels.
leneight ratingtwo i love this game it is so fun!
lensixteen ratingtwo the screen will lag or you will swipe to turn and it is a step behind.
lenfive ratingfive i love this new game
lenfive ratingfive fun as heck and addicting
lensix ratingfive very good game, graphics are awesome.
lenfive ratingfive good game to past time.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive almost no issue but i am tired when you lock your phone for like 5 minutes or longer in a middle of a run and it goes back to the beginning, losing all of your progress and stats.
lenfour ratingfive just enjoying to play.
lenseventeen ratingfive the best part is you don't need yo use real money to get the cool stuff.
lenfive ratingfive but it needs more people
lensixteen ratingfour it's fun, and the scenery is different, but it's pretty much the same game.
lenfive ratingfive i like it.is great
lennineteen ratingone this won't work on my samsung galaxy player i tryed re-intaling it but it won't work.
lenfourteen ratingone it just like k's me off the game while in the loading screen
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingone do not get if you have a samsung infuse!
lensix ratingone stupid app won't even open.
leneleven ratingone just get the first loading screen and then it force closes.
lentwo ratingone total trash.
leneighteen ratingone get it fixed so i can play the game and then give the actual game play the rate.
lenseventeen ratingone your game sucks some jumps are unfair to ur death pointless having a high score dont install.
lenten ratingfive verry good just put graf up to good and perfect
lenseven ratingfive lion ink on moonshine is ?swim me
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing.
lenthree ratingfive likes keeeh&e
lenthirteen ratingthree great game but closes its self down when i try to open it.
lenseventeen ratingthree i thought id uninstall it and re install it but it wont let me re install it.
lenthirteen ratingfour my 500k lifetime coins objective meter froze even though i have way more coins
lennine ratingfive this games is even better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are unbelievable.
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenfive ratingone gets stuck at first screen
lenfive ratingfive definitely better than the 1st version
lenseventeen ratingthree amazing game but sometimes it doesnt respond to the action wether i want to jump or slide.
leneight ratingfive the game is perfect than the previous one.
lensix ratingfive love it i love timpel run 2!
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenfifteen ratingthree they took away the multiplier on the magnet, you can't refresh a power miduse
lennine ratingthree nice to drum up a slightly fiddled with game.
lentwentyfive ratingthree not sure if apart from the graphics this one is an improvement but there seems to be issues with leaning left/right on my nexus 4.
lenten ratingthree would be nice to be able to set sensitivity myself.
lenthree ratingfive great just great
lentwentytwo ratingfour this game is fun but sometimes when i try to turn, the game freezes and i run off the curb and die.
leneleven ratingfour other than this, temple run 2 is better than the first one.
lennine ratingfive awesome way to pass the time :) really entertaining too
lenfour ratingfive can not stop playing
lenfifteen ratingone you know, thr first time i want to downlpad this game, i'm so exicited.
lentwelve ratingone i don't know why there an error when downloading the game.
lensixteen ratingfive most popular game, anyone know this and everybody is hooked with it and we love it
lenthree ratingfive cool awesome addictive
lenfive ratingfive runs great on my phone.
lenseven ratingfive i all so love the power ups.
lennine ratingfive different than the first but a lot more adventurous.
lenthree ratingfive really great game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
leneight ratingfive love it is the most best game ever!
lenfourteen ratingfour it lags at times when i'm playing but overall i love this game.
lensixteen ratingone have a issue with coins disappeared without being used hit 4k coins an then it drops to 900.
lenfour ratingone also keeps freezing phone.
lenseven ratingfive so much better than the original one
lenseven ratingone thus game looses all coins when playing.
lenseventeen ratingone i was only able to upgrade a couple items b4 the game just randomly resets all coins collected.
lensixteen ratingone i have restarted my coin value at least 5 x. doesn't make sense to play anymore.
leneleven ratingfive btw my name is kimberlyn :) way better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive my friends also love this game!
lenthree ratingfive hahahaha :) great app
lentwentynine ratingthree the game is intense the only thing i don't really like is that you lose your coins every time you die in the first temple run you dont
lensix ratingfive its easier than the previous one.
leneighteen ratingfive the game graphics seemed really cluttered at first, but the more i played, the more i liked it.
leneight ratingfive i think 5 stars would be a good rating.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirtyfour ratingfive it keeps lagging all the time :( which sucks! i stil give it 5 stars cos its a brilliant new version of temple run! please sort the lag, it does it on my boyfriends phone too!
lenthree ratingfive love dis game
lentwentyone ratingfive i really think that this game  is amazing but it takes my gems when i use a lot of save mes
leneleven ratingfive definitely a game to play when u have time to waste.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfour ratingfive quick fun enjoyable game
leneight ratingfive so much better than temple run the original
lentwentyone ratingthree i have a droid x2, when i hit the skip button or menu button, the screen turns red, black, then shuts off.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive fun & kinda addictive once you get the hang of it
lensix ratingone where's my 400,000 coins i bought ?
lennineteen ratingfive its great but it won't beat the first one does slow down sometime but overall it's awesome
lensixteen ratingfive its fun free and passes the time (if your an adult  it keeps you kids quiet!)    :-)
lenfour ratingfive amazing and very addictive :-)
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i have the droid 3 and it still lags and has been crashing on the developer page at the beginning for 3 days now.
lentwelve ratingfive it's really fun but its to easy make it more challenging
lenfive ratingthree force closes before menu screen.
lennine ratingthree please fix i would really like to play this.
lenthirtysix ratingone does not work at all on my tablet,  if i want to play the tutorial eightymillion times sure i can play the game but as soon as i die it freezes and won't do anything.
lenthirtyseven ratingone my tablet should be compatible and capable of running this just like every other all,  i have automatic updates so if it gets fixed i'll features this but right now i'm very dissapointed and annoyed.
lenseven ratingone temple run 2 is so fun to play
lentwo ratingfive awesome game. .
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
lentwo ratingfour temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive loved temple run but got too easy and this is more a challenge!
lentwo ratingthree hjcv ghx
lennineteen ratingone lags more than any game i have ever played and i can't see the menu without it freezing
lentwelve ratingfour i could never get above a 700,000 score on the original temple run.
lenfive ratingfour i played often but sucked.
lenfourteen ratingfour in this one i've gotten to 12 million and i love the gem system.
lentwentyfour ratingfour only problem is with the slight, occasional glitches that cause me to miss a jump or fall off a cluff, but otherwise its fantastic.
lentwentyseven ratingfour would be better if the game stop skippin when its time to jump slide or turn its really frustrating cause when it does that then u die
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfour really fun, missions take too long to compete though.
lensix ratingfour they should be more bite sized.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game!
leneight ratingtwo whenever i try to get upgrades it gliches.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy playing .
lenten ratingfive drawback : don't realize how time flies playing this game ;-)
lentwenty ratingfour good fun different better than temple run 1 yay yay yay yay fun fun fun get it get it get it
lenfifteen ratingfour update: the game is much better now that the glitching problem has been mostly resolved.
lenthirtythree ratingfour i'm not sure if the forceclosing problem when i beat my high score has been fixed or not seeing as how i haven't beaten my high score since my last review.
lensixteen ratingfour overall the game is much better and easier now that the glitching problem has been improved.
lentwelve ratingfour more would be great but i can't say i'm angry.
leneight ratingthree similar to old one but with more obstacles.
lennine ratingthree color chosen for scenery was not to my liking.
lenfour ratingfive great cool new game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lentwelve ratingfour great for passing the time on bus rides to and from work.
lentwentytwo ratingone when i try to open it on my samsung infuse, it starts the load screen but then just closes after about 15 seconds.
lenthree ratingone it skips constantly.
lennine ratingone the same reason why i uninstalled the first one.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenseven ratingfour i'm a fan of the original.
lenfour ratingfour i like the graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour but for some reason it's kind of hard to distinguish b/t
lentwelve ratingfive the quality gives you a big feeling that this game is fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is definately better than the original temole run?ratingone i like this game
leneleven ratingfive i love it better than the first more an better graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfour how far do ya go 2 get the cart
lentwelve ratingfive i ?love this game these images are soo good and amazing fantastic
lenseven ratingone always making it better for  different phones
leneleven ratingfive if you loved the first game you will love this one.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseventeen ratingfive would love more characters also if you use more characters robert griffin iii instead of zach wonder
lenthree ratingfive i like google+
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game!
lentwentyfour ratingfive the first one was kinda lagy but they did a much better job on the second one it plays perfectly on my htc evo 3d.
lenthree ratingfive really fun game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive this game is the coolest phone game ever
lennine ratingfour great game lots of fun like the new features.
leneleven ratingfive love the new concept allows you to do more than run
lentwentyeight ratingfour i live this game, it is really addictive,  easy to collect coins and upgrades (than the first one) and the graphics as well as scenery ideas are better!
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only thing i don't like is the background popping up as your running,  it's very distracting,   it should always be there.
lenten ratingfour otherwise,  very good fun and works really well,  worth downloading!  :-)
leneleven ratingfive this is so great and much better than the previous one
lenseven ratingone thus game looses all coins when playing.
lenseventeen ratingone i was only able to upgrade a couple items b4 the game just randomly resets all coins collected.
lensixteen ratingone i have restarted my coin value at least 5 x. doesn't make sense to play anymore.
lenfour ratingone tried uninstalling and reinstalling.
lentwelve ratingone got up to 5500 and the next round i some how lost 2000 coins.
lenthree ratingone forget this game!
lenfourteen ratingone temple run 2 has a good theme and idea but the gameplay is way off.
lentwelve ratingone it is too glitch and delayed when it comes to actual gameplay.
lenfifteen ratingone yeah the graphics are better but the gameplay of the first is far more superior.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it its so cool me and mybff play it all the time
leneight ratingfive i wonder wat the 3rd 1 is gonna be like.
leneleven ratingfive its gonna be hard to beat this cause its soooo funn.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive really fun game
leneight ratingone i downloaded it and it won't start.
leneight ratingone it only shows me the start up screen.
lenseven ratingone i was looking forward to playing it.
lenten ratingfive all i can say is that its an awesome game
lentwo ratingfive extremely addicting.
lenfifteen ratingone every time click on the app i goes to the loading screne but then closes.
lensix ratingfive gameplay is better than the original.
lennineteen ratingfive there are things i miss in the menu and settings of the original temple run, but those are inconsequential.
lentwo ratingfive runs great.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive its awsome i would like to play it evry day
leneight ratingfive it is the best game ever i played.
leneight ratingfive i love this game and part 1 as well
lenthree ratingfive very fun game.
lenseven ratingfive great game to play to waste time.
lenthree ratingfour loved the original.
lenten ratingfour i like tp2 although it doesn't really offer much new.
lensix ratingfour graphics are really nice now too.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so fun
lenthree ratingfive dis game fun!
lenfour ratingfive great game love it!
lenthirteen ratingfive it was a good and addictive game and surely u will like it.!
lenfive ratingfive is the funniest game ever
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lenseven ratingfive blows temple run 1 out of the water
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive play this game! :-)
lenten ratingone i. dunno kno why 8 wont work on me mobile.lg
leneleven ratingtwo this would be five stars, but my game kept freezing up.
lenthirteen ratingtwo all of my other games work, so i know its not my phone.
lenfour ratingthree i love dis game
lenthree ratingfour realy good game
lensix ratingfive nice better then the first one
lenfive ratingfour its fun but gets boring
lenseven ratingfive so much better than the original game.
lentwelve ratingfour like the game but its starting to not respond to my command
lenfive ratingfive brill game must play game
leneleven ratingfour the best ever i died ones at of the hole gamer
lenfour ratingfour its a great game.
lentwentyone ratingthree definitely like the gameplay, fun, fast and furious, runs good on my device, a really good time passer with nice graphics.
lenfiftythree ratingthree updates are huge and for those of us on 3g still probably agree that that's huge and takes a long time, but over all satisfactory, half the time the game starts up, my character is on the very side of the path although i'm holding my phone straight.maybe its just me.
lenfour ratingfive this game is beast!
lenfive ratingfive love it.it's amazing
leneleven ratingfive much more to do on this version than the first one!
lensix ratingfive gets harder but very very addicting!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenseven ratingfive great game, just like the last one.
lentwenty ratingfive only thing i dislike, but i like at the same time, is the carting bit, but all in all, 5 / 5 :-d
lentwentytwo ratingthree good game but i purchased 50,000 coins 48 hours ago and they still have not loaded but my credit card account sure was deducted!
lentwo ratingfour cool beans
lenfifteen ratingfive great graphics, intense gameplay and very enjoyable.strongly  recomended to kill boredome.deserve a 5 star.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive i couldn't put my phone down.i play it so much .
lenfour ratingfive its so nice game!
lensix ratingfive awsome way better that temple run
lenfive ratingfive great improvement over previous version
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are better and it's more enjoyable with the new adventures
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive awsome edition
lenfive ratingfive this is a wonderful game.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely adore it.
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run is addicting and fun, i just don't like the glitches.
lentwentyone ratingfive when i am trying to make my men run on the other side of the side walk, he doesn't move.
lenfourteen ratingfive also, when i try to turn to the left, i continue to run straight.
leneight ratingfive it seems like the game is neglecting me.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game. ;)
lensix ratingtwo i have reinstalled this three times.
lensix ratingtwo fix it for samsung galaxy infuse 4g!
lennine ratingfive i love this game.thanks for making it cooler.
lentwo ratingfour pretty decent
lentwentyone ratingthree the game is good but if you have a power up and you pick up another while running, it just dissipates.
lenseven ratingthree it should add on to the time.
lentwentyone ratingthree if i pick up a boost and pick up another while in the boost they should add up not cancel out.
lennineteen ratingthree also, i'm buying things by mistake simply because they haven't optimised the touch screen on android yet.
lenthree ratingfive it awesome game
lenfour ratingfive its so great people
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lenseven ratingtwo mine has too much lag please fix!
leneleven ratingfour i love the game it has great graphics and good quality.
lentwentysix ratingfour but i would like if you would be able to replace the tweet button with a share button that give the chose between facebook and tweeter
lenseven ratingfive awsome game, really helps with my reflexis
lenfortyseven ratingone i like ?the game its awesome but it lags a lot and slow on my phone and i have android 4.0.4 and a 1.4 processer idk why it does that but its fun other then that and they also take coins away if you don't use them sucks
lensix ratingfive ma game 2nd temple run  day bom
lentwelve ratingfour im so addicted to this app but would like some new characters
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better then temlpe run
lenfifteen ratingone i don't like it cuz it frezzes and makes me loose my high score
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwenty ratingfive the graphics are way better then the first game, and the curvy trail is a lot harder to run on.
lensix ratingfive thank you for this awesome game
lenfive ratingone doesnt tilt to avoid objects.
lensix ratingfive great game play all the time
lennine ratingfive it is the funnest game i've ever played
lentwenty ratingthree i love it only if i can get passed the charts part and i think it should be more charts
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthree ratingfive waaay more intense!
lenthirteen ratingfive it a cool game you can do mental thought in secoends bit hard
leneight ratingfour please improve responsiveness for the samsung galaxy note 2
lenten ratingone when i click on the app it will just close.
leneight ratingone not good game it dosent let    me open
lenfour ratingfour this game is great.
lenthirteen ratingfour but, the powers don't last nearly as long as the 1st temple run.
lennine ratingfive i would play this game forever if i could!
lenonehundred thirteen ratingfive i love this game it is the best game ever and even my class licks it and i wish there eas a therde that i can help create caus a have a big amaginthion and i whant to be a fillem macker and by the way i am nine years old i am sorry i didnt put pireofs  my dad goes to courte whith my mom cause he does not whant to pay stuff for me licke school and he is a film macker a derectotre and his name is antone foqoua and he has seven kids whith differnt wamen and he is so selfish and my mom is not meredi whith him.
lensix ratingone just felt like giving it a 1
lenfour ratingfive gems are truly outrageous
lensix ratingfive better than the first one likeeeee.
leneight ratingthree its cool but need more boads and levels
lennine ratingfive i love this game better than the first one!
lenseven ratingfive more realistic, but needs more power-ups.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive this game is awesome lol
lenseven ratingfive it was really awesone than previous 1, cheerz
lenfifteen ratingfive this game can actually give me motion sickness on my tablet,  it is that good
lensix ratingfive kool alot more graphics them one
lenten ratingfive way better, and more addicting that the first temple run
leneight ratingfive its a good game you will like it
lentwelve ratingtwo loved the first one so i wanted to try this one out.
lensix ratingtwo it skips and then i die.
lenfifteen ratingtwo my connection is high so i don't know what else would cause the skipping.
lenfive ratingfive the new design is great
lenfive ratingfive great game to pass time.
lentwentyone ratingfour dont really like the save me thing, better when you get your points in one go, and using your own skills.
lentwentynine ratingfour and i dont knoe if its just my phone but the game sometimes lags and freezes so i end up dying though i did what i was supposed to
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time! :)
lentwo ratingone confusing map.
lenthree ratingone strains your eyes
lenfourteen ratingthree this game is sooooo much fun but it lags sometimes and then you die.
lensix ratingfive very addictive and loads of fun.
lenten ratingtwo no credit given for finally achieving 500k lifetime coins in objectives.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwenty ratingfive this is the best game ever, i like it even more then the first one, and it is highly addicting
lennine ratingone it does want to start up on my phone
lenfour ratingfive a very fun game.
lenseven ratingfour the graphics are cooler this time around.
lenfive ratingfour power ups are better too.
lenfour ratingfour an awesome game overall.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive addicting sadly.
lennine ratingfive totally cool new look and feel to this game.
lenten ratingfive made me get addicted to temple run all over again!
lentwelve ratingfive awsome game.way better then the previous version.download n have fun.:)
lenfive ratingfive the temple run 2 is here
lennine ratingfive cool awsome its better then the first one nnnnnnnnnnnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbnnnnnnnnnnnnnnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbnnnnnnnnnnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
leneighteen ratingtwo its a good game and a fun time killer but always freezes after i get a long distance.
lentwo ratingfive foduuuuuuuuu game
lenfourteen ratingone i cant play it just shows the loading screen and then exits the game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingone samsung galaxy s 4g
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwentyeight ratingthree this game is better than the first temple run but i find this game more laggy than the first.i would appreciate if u would fix this problem.
lenten ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game on my down time
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfour this game has a very clean, fluid feel to it.
leneleven ratingfour it is a huge improvement to the initial temple run game.
lenfifteen ratingfour there is more good to say about this game than what i've written here.
lenseventeen ratingfour read other reviews and you can get a good feel for how well made this game is.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i give it four stars because, after only playing for a week, i am at a list of dredging objectives: 1,000,000 lifetime coins, 500,000 lifetime coins, and 10,000,000 lifetime meters.
lenfourteen ratingfour at this point, there is no real point to keep running in this game.
lenthirty ratingfour and there are other insane objectives, such as 10,000,000 points in one run (you'll probably have to run over 30,000 meters in one run) and collecting 5 gems in one run (insane).
lenthirteen ratingfour those were incredibly challenging, but that is why these challenges were worth attaining.
lenfourteen ratingfour now, the only objectives i have left involve no skill, just running for weeks.
leneleven ratingfour why would i? and what would anyone do with 1,000,000 lifetime coins?
lenseventeen ratingfour all of the bonuses and power-ups in the game must cost no more than 600,000 coins combined.
lentwelve ratingfour still a great game, but it's over for me too soon.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingfive the most addictive game ever designed.
lenthirteen ratingfive superb control,mind crackin objectives,nice graphix en so much fun to play.
lenten ratingfive i av reach level 8 naw en ama keep on playing.
lenthree ratingfive thanx imangi studios.
lenseventeen ratingfive since temple run 1 was so popular and addicting, most wondered how imangi could top their previous game.
lensixteen ratingfive however, they have shown that they indeed can build on the best and have not disappointed.
lenfifteen ratingfive would not be surprised if there were a another sequel to this great game series.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenseven ratingfour way better than the first temple run!
lentwo ratingfive simple controls.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game play.
lentwo ratingfive truly addictive.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive when the game always give quest,sometimes its hard to win the quest.can make the quest like instant win like 'collect 2 diamond' then cannot win this quest,can make it like buy 1 diamond for all quest?
lennineteen ratingfive it cool game but the tilting is s**t and the sometimes when i tilt i just die randomly
lennine ratingfive improves on the original in every way, its awesome!
lenten ratingthree i can't believe it some times hangs in my s3
lenfive ratingfour subway surfers is still better
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
leneleven ratingone i had 2,090 coins  and when i got back i had 1,000 coins
lenseven ratingone it doesn't download on htc evo 3d
lensix ratingfour awesome follow up to the original.
lentwelve ratingfour my only complaint is the controls aeem a bit suspect at times.
lennine ratingfive you guys out did your selfs this is amazing!
lentwelve ratingfive a lot more fun and interesting.recommend every one to try it
lenthirteen ratingthree i didn't really like it at first but then it got better
lensix ratingfive fun game t.g.o.d
leneleven ratingone stays on the green i for like 5 minutes then forces close
lentwentyone ratingfive a good game to pass you're time.though highly suggested to not be played by people with highly addictive personalities.
leneight ratingfive its a great game and has nice graphics
lenten ratingfive i love temple rum both.of them do y'all
lenthirteen ratingfive it is much more fun than the last and so much more challenging .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive i love it i play all day everyday
lenfive ratingfive graphics better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfour ratingfour it is soo fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game :))
lentwo ratingone temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game man.love to play.cant get rid of its addiction
lenseventeen ratingfive i love it :) it sucks though when you have to pay to live, lol but fun :b
lenfour ratingfive good for passing time
lentwo ratingfive sooo cool
lenfive ratingfour could download faster more gema
lentwo ratingfive shitt wahhkkkkk
lenten ratingfive this is a fun an better version of temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is more grafic an has more to ot you should try this awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive cause its fun
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lensix ratingfive awesome , gud entertainment game dis s
lenthree ratingfive awesome game ever!
leneight ratingfive it is sooo awesome.i love it all
lenthree ratingfive much improved version
lensixteen ratingtwo when i'm downloading it says "could not be downloaded due an error please fix it
lenfive ratingfive this game is better than 1
lenthirteen ratingfive the original temple run was an addictive, enjoyable game itself with great graphics.
leneighteen ratingfive this is like the cherry on top with the same game, amazing 3d graphics, and so much more engaging!
leneleven ratingfive the app runs smoothly, and flawless quality on my htc amaze.
lenseven ratingfive love it the game ever get it
lennine ratingthree good graphics but it's easier than temple run 1.
lensix ratingthree tunnels are very long and boring.
lenthree ratingthree needs more update
lenfive ratingfive best game on my phone
lensixteen ratingfour i would give it 5 stars but my coins disappear after i get 2000 i get upset.lol
lenfourteen ratingone i dont know if its just my phone but i cant even play it
lentwentyone ratingfive game is very exciting whenevr i play it.nicely deleveped al stages.graphically very sound compare to earlier version.gr8 work done
lenfourteen ratingfive i use this to use up most of my free time during the week.
lenfive ratingfive much better than the 1st game.
lenthirtythree ratingfive i love this game so much i want you no what am not going to do anything isn't just going to play and play and play this game for my whole life
lenfourteen ratingthree it freeze a lot but a great games if you got nothing to do
leneight ratingone love the game but it keep messing up.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lentwentynine ratingfive love this game even more addicting then temple run 1 wish it had the same characters the first one had only has 4 of them, but it's still very addicting
lenfour ratingone won't even install
lenfourteen ratingfive relly 1 f d great game n market  can't b improved better dan dis
lentwo ratingfive awesome background.
lensixteen ratingfive didn't think it was possible to make the game better but you guy nailed it
lentwentyone ratingfive i keep getting in trouble for paying this game because its all i do.xd, .no no that's not funny. ._.
leneleven ratingone cant even get past the load screen without it force closing
lenthree ratingfive like this app.
lensix ratingfive superb game runs up to expectation.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is fun as crap! :d and i can't stop playing it. ._.
lenten ratingfive i love it , just simple but i really enjoy it .
lensix ratingfive you should play yoko u later
lennine ratingfive great game but my power ups do not work :(
lenthree ratingfive diff n fun
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour it's better then the first game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
leneleven ratingfive i  love this game its so much netter than any thing
leneighteen ratingfive as said by many others, i thought the first one couldn't be beat in terms of addictiveness.
lensix ratingfive this one is even more fun.
lennine ratingfive i love this game better than the first one!
lentwelve ratingfive it lags occasionally but that could also just be a phone issue.
lensix ratingfive i have a samsung transform ultra.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are better.
lenthree ratingfive its super exciting
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lennine ratingfive i thought omemwasmgood but this is awesome love it
lenfour ratingfive is a hot game
lentwo ratingfive great revamp.
lenthree ratingfive hrs of fun
lenfive ratingfive this game is impossible but
lensix ratingfive fix the lagging in the game
lenfive ratingone i haved try it yet
lenfortysix ratingthree when it updated i lost the coins that i had accumulated, and now it's doing it with out updating, yesterday morning i had over 2,000 coins all of s sudden in the afternoon it had gone down to 300 plus with out me buying or doing anything.
lentwentynine ratingthree i had problems similar to this ones with the first one after updating i thought this one was better, at least this one doesn't freeze every two minutes.
lenthree ratingfive love this game. -_+
lentwentyseven ratingfive perty good game i mean id like to be able to adjust the sensitivity on this version too but i guess its perty good ,keeps me entertained
leneight ratingfive used to think temple run is the best.
lenseven ratingfive but now temple run 2 is the best!
lentwentytwo ratingone every time i try to open the app it crashes on the imangi page my phone is a  t mobile samsung galaxy s1
lentwelve ratingfour everything good, just wish the ride inside caves are a bit slower
leneight ratingfive this game is awesomely amazingly cooly addicted game!
leneleven ratingfive but i only play the lowest graphic but it's cool!
lenten ratingfive my high score is about 2,100,000 and i'll beat it!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 so better than temple run.
leneleven ratingfive i like the characters on temple run 2 better than temple run
lenfive ratingthree i really like this game.
leneight ratingthree because i just installed it then rate it.
lentwentysix ratingthree usually it takes me 5 months of playing before i rate a gamefor better ratings but i'm in a good mood so i gave it 3 stars.
lenten ratingthree i hope this game don't get boring or else
lennine ratingfive i love this one even more than the first
lenfour ratingfive temple run for life.
lentwentythree ratingone i installed and it would not open up to play it need to be fixed as soon as possible i want to play
lenseven ratingtwo my points and diamonds kept disappearing uninstalled
lennine ratingfive its an excellent game though u must try it
leneight ratingfive it's awesome upgrade from the first one.
lentwo ratingfive leeerooyyyyy jeenkinsssss
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is a really fun game everyone should play it
lenseven ratingfour a very addictive game with excellent graphics.
lensix ratingfour it becomes a bit repetitive, though
leneleven ratingfive sorta hard but you want to keep on playing and playing
lenten ratingfive super fun,i deleted temple run to install 2 hope for 3
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingone i bought coin doubler feature but the coin still be counted as normal.
lennineteen ratingone i have sent e-mail to imangi twice since 1 february but there is no response from them till now.
lennine ratingone i just sent e-mail to google play support.
lenfourteen ratingone i will see if there are will be any response from them galaxy note
lenfive ratingfive great i love it :-p
lenfive ratingfive its better than  temmple run 1
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lensix ratingone hate ,wish i could give it 0.
lenfive ratingfive love this game no complaints.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game! :)
lensix ratingfive amazing there should be a 3 soon!
lenthirteen ratingthree on my htc it has a lag and it can be really irritating.
lennine ratingfive one of the blockbuster game i have ever played
lenten ratingthree love the addition of the mine cart and zip lines.
leneight ratingthree bob and weave as long as you can.
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty amazing( :
lenfour ratingfive its very enjoyable game
lenfive ratingfour kool game.i'm addicted!
lenthree ratingfive awesome love it!
lentwentyone ratingthree would give 5 stars but when i constantly see the spike roller and then a river immediately after it that is bull.
lensixteen ratingthree everytime i play it pops up to try to force you into buying gems to continue.
lenseven ratingfive great picture, smooth operating system great game.
lentwo ratingfive pooping springkels
lenfive ratingfive much better graphics, great gameplay!
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting
lenfour ratingfive a near perfect game.
leneight ratingone it crashes and turns my wallpaper to black.
leneleven ratingone please fix this issue and i will change this to 5 stars.
leneighteen ratingtwo i feel like the movement doesn't have a nice flow like the first.maybe its just me.
lentwelve ratingfive this one is more extreme and much more exciting than its predecessor.
lenseventeen ratingfive really a good game, i'm now on level 8, really hard to get to the next level.
lennine ratingfive but all in all, it is a nice game.
lennine ratingfive thanks for making such a game like this. :d
lenfourteen ratingfive really nice game and not much lag.i recommend optimizing for lower end devices
lensix ratingfive cool game.i love it :d
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome .__.
lenseventeen ratingfour i have a lot of fun with it and i guess i don't get bored ehh
lentwo ratingfive super addicting
lenfour ratingfive better and good game
lenfive ratingthree look at theees crazy nigazz
lentwo ratingtwo lag zzz
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun!
lenthree ratingfive nice job 'again'
lenfive ratingfive really fun u should dnowloand
lenseven ratingfive game is very simple yet very addicting.
lenfive ratingfive more fun than the first.
leneight ratingfive even more fun and addicting than the first!
lenseven ratingfive overall its a good game i guess
leneight ratingone it wont open at all on my phone!
lennine ratingone everytime i try to, it freezes and closes out.
lentwelve ratingone i really wanna play it because i'm hearing alot about it.
lennine ratingfive the sequel it worth my battery dying 5x a day.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
leneight ratingfive i cant wait till temple run 3 comes out!
lenten ratingone just shows imangi studios logo and freezes, then app closes.
leneleven ratingfour very fast paced game, keeps you on your toes, love it!
lentwelve ratingfour this is one of the best games but i am giving it 4stars
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenthree ratingone using galaxy tab p1000
lenthirteen ratingfive awsome game i have no words for it its just amazing love it
lennine ratingfive so much better than temple run i love it
lensix ratingfive seru juga tuk menghabiskan waktu luang
lensix ratingone i can downlode f***  no fair
leneleven ratingfive i love this game and i rarely see ads pop up.
leneleven ratingfive it never lags on me and it works like a charm.
leneight ratingfive temple run 3 betta come out in the summer!
lenfive ratingfive your game is the bommmmmmmmmmmmm
lentwo ratingfive timpile run
lenfour ratingfive i loved these games!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lennineteen ratingfour this app is is way cooler than the first, and the graphics are amazing.but the game occasionally glitches.
lentwelve ratingfour please work out the little bugs and this game would be perfect!
lensix ratingfive defiantly better then the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive excellent  game
lennine ratingone temple run 2 always crashes when i press save me!
leneight ratingone god dammit creators do something right for once
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lentwelve ratingone its too biq fpr my screen i'm not satified at all
lenthree ratingfour cool and challenging!
lensixteen ratingfour bro this game was so fun and stuff for really boring  at the first part though
lenfive ratingfive the best 3d game on earth.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it have lot of bugs.even if u have ran 1000m without coins before the objective popup.it will not consider it.u have run without coins only wen the game tell u.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
leneleven ratingfour not able to use the tweet functionality to post the score.
lenseven ratingfour i think the screencapturing service is failing.
lensix ratingfive i wish there's temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lensix ratingone automatically takes me back to homesceen!
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
leneight ratingfour by far my favorite phone game ever found.
leneight ratingfour game does lag sometimes can be very frustrating.
lennine ratingfour the tilt mechanics can be off sometimes as well.
lensix ratingfive excellent game with exciting game play.
lenfive ratingfive superior to others like it!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!
lenfour ratingfive graphics need 2 imprve more.
lenfifteen ratingfive only complaint is that it doesn't pause when the battery low warning pops up.
lensix ratingfive not worth docking a star though
lennine ratingfour it is quite a excellent game from its predecessor.
lenseven ratingfour better graphics and a better play system.
lennineteen ratingfour weirdly when i first installed the game it was working perfectly but now it's lagging quite a lot.
lenfifteen ratingfour i'll give four stars until this is fixed then it will be five stars.
lennine ratingfive games awesome great fun much better than the first
lensix ratingfive so many improvements from first version.
lensix ratingfive difficult but i like this challenge.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive every new objective keeps me playing  it more.
leneight ratingfive perhapes more sound effects could create even better.
lensix ratingfive crazy game ever played. .loved it.
lenseven ratingfour a little harder than the original. :-d
lenten ratingfive i love love this game.c an't stop playing!
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
leneight ratingfour its so addicting i cant stop playing it :)
lentwentynine ratingfour love tr2, but wish power ups extend when picking up the same one twice in a row like in tr1, and allow us to see more than 3 challenges at a time.
lenfifteen ratingone i'm on the lg thrill 4g and it wont even let me play this game.
lenthirteen ratingone i was so excited to play but it starts up then instantly closes.
lenthirtytwo ratingone nice game but after it loads i return to the  homepage and i cant play but plz fix it im playing on samsung galaxy tab 1010 even with the update stll nt wrking
lentwo ratingfive thrilling game
lenfive ratingfour 100 times better than temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfour but i m not getting any new objects since i reached level 9.plss fix it
lenfive ratingfive in love with this game.
lensix ratingfive this game is really fun really
lensix ratingone been wanting to play this game.
lentwo ratingfive muito boa atualiza艫o.
lensix ratingfive ficou muito melhor q o primeiro.
lenthree ratingfour temple run 2 thow
lensixteen ratingone i was really exited to play but it keeps crashing on my phone-in any solutions?
leneleven ratingfour the game is better than previous one graphics,look is good
lenten ratingfour one of the best games to download for mobile phone .
lenfive ratingfour this game is a keeper.
leneleven ratingfive qmazing gqme graphics.,nd a very god tym pass.luvd it.?
lenfourteen ratingfive request: launch templerun 3 pls i know it will be the best  imangi studios rokz.
leneleven ratingfour such a nce game bt its logng on my phne.huhuhu
lensix ratingfive passes the time till i die.
leneight ratingfive i absolutely love this game its very addictive
lennine ratingfive the sequel it worth my battery dying 5x a day.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive the only downfall is that u have 2 earn rewards sequentially vs just getting them (i.e. if u get 1000 coins, u have 2 meet each of the prev thresholds b4 u get credit 4 that)
lenfour ratingone not running in mmx a54
lenthree ratingfive addictive and entertaining!
lenfourteen ratingfive no complaints so far, i like how you can get jewels without buying them.
lenfive ratingfive love the game, no complaints.
lensix ratingfive be proud by playing this game
lenthree ratingfour it fun asf
lennine ratingthree it doesnt work on my ipod but cool game
lenthree ratingtwo skips and choppy.
lenten ratingtwo swipe to turn and there he goes off a cliff.
lennine ratingtwo swiping to jump or duck work better than turning.
lenthree ratingfive this game stinks
lentwentyseven ratingfive the first time i opened it i let me play but now when i open it it logs me out please fix and it shall be 5 stars
lentwelve ratingthree i hate the fact you can only see 3 objectives at a time.
lenfortytwo ratingthree i have get 500,000 life time coins, get 1,000,000 life time coins, and get 1,000,000 life time meters as my objectives.takes a lot of fun out of it for me knowing ill have to play over a hundred times before i can move on.
lentwentyseven ratingthree it also annoys me that if you have one effect in place, say magnet, and if you come across another it doesn't prolong it or anything.
lennineteen ratingthree lastly, i'm experiencing glitches where i'll jump and i then appear way off the map and die
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics i love it.
lenten ratingfive amazing game with great new things to keep it freash
lenfour ratingfive fab game love it
lenfive ratingfour nice game n awesome graphics
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneleven ratingfive this ifs such a good game harder but fun totally awesome:)
leneleven ratingfive definitely one of the best free games available on google play!
lenfourteen ratingthree good enhancements on graphics but sensitivity is not as good as the previous version.
lenfortyfive ratingthree for eg : when the path reduces to half it is little difficult to keep the runner on track even though this option is to increase the difficulty level it was comfortable in the previous version over here you need to tilt the phone to maximum.
lentwentytwo ratingthree apart from that good job by the dev's. please check and work on enhancement of motion and you get excellent rating.
lenthree ratingfive very splended app
lenthree ratingfive colest game ever
lenseven ratingfive it is a best game than subwaysurfers
lentwentysix ratingthree great and addictive game, however if i get a long run (4000+coins) i don't ever get the coins, and now it keeps taking coins away!
leneight ratingfour so much better than the first temple run
leneight ratingfive love this game even better than the first
lenseven ratingfive shut up and take my money =p
lenthirty ratingfour amazing game, this time imangi studios put more spices in it.but as compared to the first one it is a bit less smoother, hopefully an update can do it.
lentwo ratingfive osm game.
lenseven ratingfive almost of the level of subway.surfers
lenseven ratingfour awesome takes a while 2 load on phone
lenfive ratingfour awesome game with few problems.
lenthirteen ratingfour on next version upgrade maybe a slow down power upgrade option would help.
lenfive ratingfour also add some secrets/cheats
lenthirteen ratingfive i think it so fun u ill just play and play and play.
lenthirteen ratingone i bought coin doubler feature but the coin still be counted as normal.
lennineteen ratingone i have sent e-mail to imangi twice since 1 february but there is no response from them till now.
lennine ratingone i just sent e-mail to google play support.
lentwentythree ratingone i will see if there are will be any response from them galaxy note  i just receive message that the purchase is refund.
lenfive ratingone google response is so fast!
lenfifteen ratingone i wait to see my credit card statement and then i will revise the review.
lentwo ratingone thanks google
lenthree ratingfour im a fan
lenfive ratingfive hours and hours of fun!
lenthirteen ratingfive now that i've downloaded this game, i never have a full moment.
lenthirteen ratingfive great to play on long car rides or at the dr's office.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and fun.
lennine ratingtwo it just shows imanji written and than close itself .
lenten ratingone bought some coins.never got them or my money back
lennine ratingfive a really exciting game that my children really love
lentwo ratingfive supreb game
lensix ratingfive best update ever thanks imangi studios
lennineteen ratingfive didn't really play the first one so i can't do a comparison, but this game is awesome
lenfive ratingfour the game is pretty good.
lennine ratingfour i just don't like how it always crashes.
lensix ratingfour it gets on my freaking nerves!
lenfourteen ratingfour i like it better than the original temple run because it has more details.
lenten ratingfour besides sometimes it glitches but, i like the cart racing .
lennine ratingfive it is very good game and it more active
lenten ratingfive awsome game, can't wait to see the next version.
lentwo ratingfive super game.
lennine ratingfive mostly playing this game bcoz this the best game
leneleven ratingfive way better than subway surfers, temple run1, and even itself so addictive ?
lenfive ratingfive more fun than the original.
lenfortythree ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)!
lenseventeen ratingfive its great but a bit lagging i dont know if it is my phone or the game
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, looking forward to temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive awesum game.
lenfive ratingfive its a must play game.
lensix ratingfive wow back at it.so addicted
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingfour id give it 5 stars if it wouldnt freeze and slack.
lensix ratingfour once changed it well be great
leneighteen ratingtwo omg lost 25k coins  ,because a call came and when i returned didn't continued from where i left.
lennine ratingtwo i am still having two same objectives at level 8 .
lensix ratingfour very gud app i like it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfour the games is fun, just lack but but overall is nice
lenfourteen ratingfive great game i also have brave temple run and temple run 1 they are amazing
lensix ratingfive very good entertaining time pass game
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing.
lentwelve ratingone i'm unable to download this game to my samsung galaxy tab p1000. :(
lenseventeen ratingthree i liked the game.it has defnitely evolved in terms of graphics when compared to temple run 1.
lennineteen ratingthree but what i found irritating was the coin and the grass are of the same color which is confusing.
lennine ratingfive great game to relax and kill time as well.
lenfive ratingfive evem better than first part
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthirteen ratingtwo hey its installed on my phone , but is not running , plz do something.:(
lenseven ratingfive the best game aver ather game nice
lenseventeen ratingfive i thought the first temple run wad the bomb, noooooo the temple run 2 is much, much better.
lensixteen ratingtwo i am a big fan of the game but it still cant play on my device.
lenfive ratingtwo a galaxy tab p1010 wifi only
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingone i paid for coins in version one and used to getty it in a jiffy.
lenthirteen ratingone in version 2 i have paid 400k coins and a gems pack and coin doubler.
lentwentyone ratingone nothing had come.waiting for 4 weeks now.i received confirmation that it was paid and money is deducted from my card.
lenthree ratingfive lick ur lips.
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun to play.
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run
lentwentyone ratingfive this is cool its compatible with ziio i take back what i said this just have a black screen then closes
lenfourteen ratingfour not totally addictive but really good, i wish that they had more character options.
lensix ratingfive i luv playing on my nexus 7.
lenten ratingfive keeps me on my toes i like that in games.
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lenseventeen ratingfive the first one was fun, glad to see a change in scenery, great time killer for sure!
lentwo ratingfour lovely grafics
leneight ratingthree it's pretty good and fun to play.
leneighteen ratingthree but it lags on my htc one sv. have already set settings to lowest but it still does.
lentwo ratingthree fun nonetheless
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfour love the game.
lensix ratingfour but, i keep losing my coins.
lenfourteen ratingfour every game i start off with no coins with the  he.double hockey sticks.
lenten ratingfive it was good but now its so dumb  bye ttylxox
lentwelve ratingtwo i quit the game, and now i can't play it anymore.
lenthirteen ratingtwo and i can't redownload the game without losing all of my progress.
leneleven ratingone imangi studios screen appears and then force closes.plzz fix it.
lensix ratingfour i play subway surfers more, though.
lenthirtytwo ratingone this sucks i installed and i tried playing it and it kicked me out didnt even get to try it fix that bug and maybe i'll think about trying it again.
lenseven ratingone i cannot even play the bloody thing
lenthree ratingfive really enjoying game!
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
leneight ratingfive game s not game its a gud entertainment
lenfour ratingfive i love it yo
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour reminds me of indiana jones!
lensix ratingthree not as good as subway surfer
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive wonderful too play.
lenfive ratingfive it's very addictive game.
leneight ratingthree love the game, but it lags a lot.
lenfive ratingfive excelent game, grt work done.
lenfour ratingfive awesome, wel done guys
lenseven ratingfive the best game ever i have played
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing must play the more you play the more addicting it is
lenfive ratingfour will try it rite now.
lennine ratingone one more here for error 498 when trying to install.
lenfour ratingfour some cool new features.
leneleven ratingfour great graphics, if your phone can run the top performance setting.
leneight ratingfour if not it just looks like the original.
lenten ratingfour nice step forward but it'll never be a classic.
lensix ratingfive its more cool, adventurous and addictive.
lennine ratingone can't get it to play on my sidekick
lenthree ratingfour nice graphic design.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i play that game in my brothers phone its great bot able to speak in words this it is the best game.
leneleven ratingfour it would be dope if the map changed after a while
lenfourteen ratingfour awesome game but i still loved temple run 1 much more its even more epic
lenseven ratingfour its fun awesome and i love it
leneight ratingfour the app runs smooth with very little hiccups.
lensix ratingfive i need go good upgrading games
lenfifteen ratingfour everything that a gamer would like to have except for the episodes of glitches :-d
leneighteen ratingthree the game is great, but every time i try to download it says "error downloading"  -samsung galaxy s
lensix ratingfive great game super fun amazing affects
lentwo ratingfive awsm game
leneighteen ratingfour loved the game but the only reason i gave it 4 stars is graphics could have been evn bettr
lenfour ratingfive i love?00 this game.
lenfive ratingfive i can slide upstairs.hehehe
lensix ratingfive unbelivably fun on the first play!
lensixteen ratingfive the first temple run was harder because of the controls but now its easy to control!
lenfour ratingfive i recommend this game.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lennine ratingfive it's a very awsome game play it please:-) !
lennine ratingfour already completed objectives come up in the later levels .
lennineteen ratingfour i pick up a magnet and before it expires i pick up a new magnet but it doesnt extend .
lenseven ratingfour the power expires with the first one .
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the special effects and upgrade, i play this game for hours every day.
leneight ratingfive thanx imangi layout problem solved waiting for temple run3
lenfour ratingfive highley addictive game.awesome
lenthree ratingfour package file invalid
lentwo ratingfour fun af!
lentwenty ratingtwo tilt doesnt work as great as in iphone5  not so great to play in my s3  tilt ws fantastic in earlier version
lentwentysix ratingtwo i was one objective away from ranking up to level 9, and when i finally completed that objective, there was a glitch that didn't "cash-in"
lenthirtysix ratingtwo the objective points and i remained the same as i was before i did the objective, only this time, now i have no more objectives to complete, but i still am one objective away from rank 9!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingone i had original guy almost fully upgraded then game froze.
lenfifteen ratingone now everytime i open the game, it acts like it's the first time playing.
lenten ratingone i'm playing on a galaxy s if it matters.
lenseven ratingone also, when i die, the game freezes.
lenseven ratingone game lags and screen glitches as well.
lenfive ratingone tilting sometimes will not work.
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played.
leneight ratingone it won't work on my htc thunderbolt :(
lensixteen ratingfive even after getting enough coins the level of 500 000 lifetime coins is not showing completed on level 8.
lennine ratingone you suck wtf it didnt even load t.t
lennine ratingfive amazing game super game really nice game interest game
lensix ratingfour addictive but it needs more levels
lenthirteen ratingthree mainly the game stops then skips ahead so you lose because of it.
lenfourteen ratingthree one time ziplined amd then never landed-kept going through air and then "fell"
lennine ratingfive realllyy reallyyy fun but could definately have more characters!
lensixteen ratingfive but not the same ones as the original :/ it needs new people to run as! c:
lenten ratingfive man u can't stop when u start pls download
lenfive ratingfive great modification and tricky parts
lenthree ratingfive wow amazing game
leneleven ratingthree one more here for error 498 when trying to install with google.
lensix ratingthree amazon, however, worked like a charm.
lenthree ratingfour awesum loved it!
lenfive ratingfour wish temple run 3 launches soon! ;)
lenten ratingfive i loved the first one and this one is 100x better!
lenseven ratingfour love it it better then the last 1 .
lenfour ratingfive a very nice game ! .
lenthree ratingtwo not awesome bro!
lenthree ratingfive very fun game!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool
lentwelve ratingthree but can u tell why my score is resetting fix this issue
lenthree ratingfour really great game!
lenfive ratingfour works great with my phone.
lenten ratingfour its a little slow at times but not too much.
lentwo ratingfive rate game
lenfive ratingone it wont let me play!
lenthree ratingfive pros: totally awesome.
lenseven ratingfive sliding is way smoother than the original.
lenfour ratingfive very easy to score.
leneleven ratingfive cons: the new objective system isn't exactly the easiest around.
lenfive ratingfive i like it.great game
lennine ratingfive but for some niggling issues, it is almost perfect!
lentwelve ratingfour it would of been 5 star if it always responded to my swipes :(
lenthree ratingfive nicebut slow downloading.
lennineteen ratingfive i got 58 million as a score so far but the river and the spiked wheel combination is not fair.
lentwentyfive ratingfive if the wheel comes first than it is okay to jump both but if the river comes first it is impossible because the wheel height
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lentwo ratingfive great game .
lenfourteen ratingtwo explorer sticks to one side abd motion sensor is not working properly after update.
lenseventeen ratingthree why does it keep force close after you use save me for the second or third time?
lenfive ratingthree btw i love this game
leneleven ratingfive more entertaining than the first one hope they do a third
leneighteen ratingfour great game, i would rate 5 stars, but the mission of collecting 500,000 coins is not working, and is stuck.
lenfive ratingthree suddenly there are no coins?!?
lentwentythree ratingthree & it freezes after every turn. :-( no fun when i have to restart every time! it was a very fun & addicting game, but now.
leneleven ratingone it doesnt get past the loading screen on my motorola defy :(
leneleven ratingfive its very nyc game nd made for ppl of every age.!
lentwo ratingfive love templerun 2!
lentwelve ratingthree even after update game lags often, usually resulting in many cheap deaths.
lentwentytwo ratingthree please fix so i may continue to try and complete these ridiculously time consuming challenges without throwing my phone against the wall.
lensixteen ratingthree and for effs sake would it be so bad to have a sensitivity setting for tilt?
lennine ratingfour minor bugs, sure they'll get worked out soon.
lenseven ratingfive what is that thing like "coin magnet"
lenfifteen ratingfive but it has symbol of abilities like gold coin having imprint if something like infinity.
lenfive ratingfive not able to understand it.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lentwo ratingfour superb game
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much! !
lenfour ratingfive i .love this game ^.^
lenfive ratingfive its obviously improved a lot.
lenten ratingfive but i am having problems sometimes when magnet is on
lentwo ratingfive absolutely awesome!
lentwelve ratingone it downloaded on my mob till 100 % bt does not get fully installed
lenthirteen ratingfive i thought the original was addictive enough, and then this one came out.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and game play.
lentwo ratingfive awesome sauce
lentwo ratingfive superb gameb
lensix ratingfive brilliant game.better den subway surfer
lenfour ratingfive better and more exciting
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenten ratingfive brilliant can't stop playing harder than you think, great!
lennine ratingfive one of the best games ever playes on android.
lenfive ratingfive its really enjoy to play
lenfifteen ratingone wont even play on my phone.goes to opening screen, vibrates 3 times then forec closes
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and sound effects.
lentwelve ratingfive keep it up and continue doing such a great game like this.
lenfive ratingthree not btr then t.run 1
lensixteen ratingfive what an improvement from the first one, great game thumbs up for the game makers. :d
lenfifteen ratingfive it puts temple run to shame but sometimes it freezes when i turn it on.
lenfour ratingfive over all great app
lenthree ratingfive v goooooooood game
lenthree ratingfive real adventure game !
lenthree ratingfive am luvin itttt.?
lenfive ratingfive xperia arc s good game
lentwentyfive ratingfour thia game is good but my tutorial won't turn off - when i go into into the settings to switch it off it just freezes
leneleven ratingone one more here for error 498 when trying to install with google.
lenseven ratingone amazon, however, installed it like a pro.
leneight ratingone all that, and game still crashes on load.
leneighteen ratingfour i love this game and new features are good(hangin on ropes) but old one is the best.
lenfive ratingfour graphics more reminiscent of brave.
leneleven ratingfour it lacks the refinement of the initial version but nevertheless enjoyable.
lenfourteen ratingfour great game and very fun however minor glitches so its a 4 star for me
leneight ratingfive easier to play on a phone than tablet.
leneighteen ratingfive on nexus 7 it's more awkward to lean from side to side in this than on tr:brave.
lensix ratingfive on phone it's much easier.
lenseven ratingfive maybe worth including a sensitivity setting option?
leneight ratingfive also jumping up hill is hopeless as is.
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics, gameplay, innovation, rolling down tracks temple of doom style are all great.
lentwenty ratingfour it has good graphics den 1st more adventours nd options  but sometimes it affects wen i receive any notification while playing
lenfour ratingfive amazing and cool  game .
lenthree ratingfive i luv run
lentwentytwo ratingfive it's a brilliant game with the best graphics a game can ever have but it automatically closes on my lg optimus l3 .
lensix ratingfive know your time with temple run
leneight ratingfive seriously, i think i might need an intervetion.
lenseven ratingfive i can't stop playing this game.
leneight ratingfive amazingly so very addictive just wanna keep going
lennine ratingtwo the tilting dosent always work and its very slow
lennine ratingtwo don't get me wrong, the 2nd one is cool.
lenseven ratingtwo but this one never saves my coins!
leneight ratingtwo making it impossible to advance in the game.
leneleven ratingtwo i was almost up 2 10,000 coins, and suddenly took me down to 3000.
lentwenty ratingfour the game works well after the update but the loading time of the game could be reduced.expecting another update.
lenfour ratingfour bettr thn temple run.
lentwo ratingfive nycc app
lenfive ratingfour nyc game fun 2 ply wit
lenthirteen ratingfour love this game the graphics are amazing n it is so much fun!
lentwentyfive ratingfour the sensitivity makes it hard to play though wish it could b adjustable like the first game fix that and i will give five stars
lenfive ratingfive dude i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive soooooooooooo addicting!
lenten ratingone this game was not ready and came out too soon!
lennine ratingone don't think they want people to level anymore.
lenfour ratingone made the 500,000 coins obj.
lentwenty ratingone never go away and made it take 25 hours to get 1 mil coins, and 100 hours to get to the 10 mil meters!
lentwentytwo ratingone hope there is a bunch of bored people out there that reached them and can tell me, are there objs past these?
leneleven ratingfive the first one was highly addictive, the second is even better!
lennine ratingfive i love this game but why isnt it working ?
lenseven ratingthree a mute option would get it 5 stars
lentwentysix ratingfive the best game on mobile phone.great graphics.good gameplay adventures.and gems make this game better than previous one.not dieeeng tilll you having gems
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is amazing really addictive i can`t put down.you must make part 3
lenten ratingfive really addictive game great for when i have 10 mins spare.
lenfive ratingfive have not experienced any lag.
lenthree ratingfive fab and addictive
lenfifteen ratingfive i  like     this     game     but    all     you     do      is     run    and    pretend     your   indiana      jones .
lensix ratingfive get this app it is amazing
leneleven ratingfive i thought this is the best game compared to other games
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is highly addictive and the game play is even more fun.
lenfour ratingfive what a great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseventeen ratingfive game is excellent so please connect with facebook to compete with our friends it's more interesting.
lentwo ratingfour captivating game.
leneight ratingfour however, freezes a little on my xperia mini.
lentwenty ratingfive there isnt much to say except this game is amazing and very entertaining, even better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive cool addictive!
lennine ratingthree its pretty but not good as the temple run
leneleven ratingfive i thinks this is harder but it makes it more interesting
lensix ratingfive simply amazing game totally loved it
leneight ratingfive fixed resolution in my a25 shows much better performance.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
leneleven ratingfive better than the previous one and a lot of features added
lentwentyone ratingone didst even get to play on it cause it just shuts off on the loading screen :( hope you can improve it
lenthree ratingfive excellent graphics, sound
leneight ratingone tbh for me it's a boring game!
lentwo ratingfive great graphic!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive better then the original!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lensix ratingfive the terrains looks cool compared to tr1.
lenfour ratingfive gr8 job by imangi studios.
lenfourteen ratingfour i love temple run 2, but i hate when the screen stops (lagging and bugs).
lenfourteen ratingfour when i am just to turn my direction, it stops, then i fall down.
lenthirteen ratingthree i can't achieve the goldminer objective though i've got 500k+ coins.pft.
lenthree ratingfive propa sick gme
leneight ratingfive i often play this game.its simply awesome
leneleven ratingone one more here for error 498 when trying to install with google.
lenseven ratingone amazon, however, installed it like a pro.
lenten ratingone all that, and the game crashes on load, every time.
leneight ratingfive such an awesome game great graphics gameplay etc
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingone im getting error 498 , i cant enjoy this game , samsung galaxy s
lenfour ratingfive great game, totally addictive.
lenfour ratingfive only 2 wrds.! . .wndrfull game.!
lennine ratingfive different ways are great running between skyline is fearfull
lennine ratingfive best running game if played in a long time
lenfifteen ratingfive this is really fun game, even i spend my time at work with this game :)))
leneleven ratingfive this one is better than the old one, and easier too.
lentwo ratingfour awssme game
lentwelve ratingfive u can play it when ever even if there is no wifi!
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenthree ratingfour achi game hai
leneight ratingfour its a fantastic game.with wagons nd stuf.
lentwo ratingfive dual vegenza
lenfive ratingfive way better then temple run 1
lensix ratingfive i'm addicted to this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i play every chance i get. :) so glad there is a second one out.
lentwelve ratingfive its much better than the first one,  better graphics, and better gameplay.
lenseven ratingfive but i suggest to add more characters.
lennine ratingfive and the ability to show objective on pause menu.
lensix ratingfive amazing graphics and fun to play
lenfour ratingfive very good game thisnis
lentwo ratingfive press install
lentwelve ratingthree effects r gud bt colors n themes doesnt make feel better run
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive realy nice game !
lenseventeen ratingfive i must say this app is better than temple run1 its very good and really cool thumbs up .
lenthree ratingfive love it awesome
lenfour ratingfive no,lagging works great
leneleven ratingfour i play it more on my tab rather on my phone.
lenfourteen ratingfour i have more gems on it and i feel to trasfer on my tab.
leneleven ratingfour so if there is an update as transfering coins to gems.
leneight ratingfour if that happens i would surely give 5/5 stars
lenfour ratingone crashing on my lenovo a60+. :(
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome & addictive
lensix ratingfive nice.game .good.graphics.welldone .imangi
lenten ratingone looks better but harder to play than the first one
leneight ratingfive best game.really enthusiastic game i ever played
lenthree ratingfive stress relieving run
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lennine ratingone was playing it past night and it worked fine.
lenfifteen ratingone it only froze once on the imangi logo screen so i rebooted and it worked.
lenfifteen ratingone now i do the same thing it wont go any further than the logo screen.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneight ratingfive cool graphics keeps you hooked all the time.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingone the new update still don't load on older devices
lentwelve ratingtwo i can't open it, it closes every time i open it :/
lenthirteen ratingfive it's better than temple run and waaaaaaaaaaay better than temple run brave.
lenten ratingfive loads of new power ups and loads of new adventures
lennineteen ratingfive this game has a lot of addiction in it can't stop it just keep playing it all day
lenten ratingone y it is not working in my mobile.htc desire
lenfourteen ratingone i have a lg optimus 3d (p920) and it does not load after the "imangi studios"
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run !
lenfive ratingfive and the sequel is marvelous !
lenthirteen ratingfive but when i use gems in the mine my game freezes ! :/ plz fix ! :/
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseventeen ratingfour game is excellent so please connect with facebook to compete with our friends it's more interesting
lennine ratingfive really addictive, so much better then the first one.
lenseven ratingfive light years better than the first one.
leneleven ratingfive i would've paid for it if it wasn't free.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game must play
lentwentyone ratingthree perfect graphics but 3 things put me off -the ressurect feature is messed up -very short jumps -very low sensitivity of tilt
lenthirteen ratingfour overall, a good sequel, but some changes were urnessasay, like the "save me"
lenseven ratingfour hope to see the other characters coming.
lennine ratingfour personally, it is 4.5 but can't do that sadly.
lennineteen ratingfour one day i was playing and someone called me and the game shuts down and i lost my progress.
lennine ratingfour if you close the game and re open it .
lenfour ratingfour the game keeps crashing.
lenfive ratingfour other than that amasing game
lenfive ratingfive i play it all day
leneight ratingfour amazing new game.,alotbbetter that temple run one!
lenfour ratingfour love this app x
lensix ratingfive this rocks to the inner core!
lenfive ratingthree level 9 is impossible to get.
lenfive ratingone this was a major letdown.
lenfifteen ratingone i got all excited to play this game and it won't even start up.
lenthirteen ratingfive 1of the best games i've ever played.when's temple run 3 coming out :)
leneight ratingfive i love this game very very very much
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome.
lentwo ratingone 3rd class graphics
lensix ratingfour nice but not full of recreation.
leneight ratingfour in fact it is better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive works perfectly on my samsung galaxy s2
lensixteen ratingone it has deleted all my stats so now i have to start from the very beginning.
lenseven ratingtwo swiping left and right lags big time.
lenten ratingtwo good game if you don't have to turn fast !
lensix ratingfour this games is really not bad.
lensix ratingfive way better thsn the first version
lentwelve ratingfive very good game i also play dis game in my ipad asom
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfour yet again i am addicted to temple run.
leneleven ratingfour the new zip wires and mine carts are a great addition.
lentwelve ratingfour however it would be good to see a choice of maps etc.
lensix ratingfive awsome game bring in more upgrades
lenten ratingfour i love this game its too addictive even more than 1.
lentwo ratingfour nice graphics :)
lentwenty ratingfive yes this game is advanced from part 1.it is best game i ever played.i am waiting for temple run 3.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game, improved graphics and a color-ful arena wow.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenseventeen ratingfive but the game is sometimes freezing for a second or two on sony ericsson arc s too.
lennine ratingfive it lags a lot but stil fun to play
lensix ratingfive better than the original temple run.
leneleven ratingfour very awesome game,but can you make easier to get coins?
lenfive ratingfive but my objective not updated
leneight ratingfive the game i have never played better then 1
lensix ratingfive great game ever played in mobile
leneight ratingfive nice graphics, new powers are a huge addition.
lenthree ratingfive excellent time pass.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwentyfour ratingfour i like it ,but the price of the player is too expensive ,so if you want to get five star please decrease the price
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingone on lvl 8 the objectuve to collect 1000000 coins has come twice.
lenten ratingone moreover 10000000 lifetime mtrs is very time consuming making game boring.
lensixteen ratingfive smoth controles nice grapics after all its a fun and verry addicted game just loved it
lenfour ratingone keeps jumping and freezing.
lentwelve ratingthree is definitely better den t.run 1 but needs bugs to be fixed.
lentwentyeight ratingthree the new game is awesome but for some reason as i try and collect 5000 coins as i get to around 2500-300 they drop down to 600 with out using them.
lenfourteen ratingthree this needs to be sorted as it means some objectives can't be reached!
lenfour ratingfive good game, brilliant gameplay!
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it.
lenfive ratingfour nice but somwtimes too laggy
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenten ratingfive the graphics is impressive and the action is heart-pounding.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenthree ratingtwo worse than original.
lentwo ratingfive hugely addictive!
lenthree ratingfour absolutely amazing game!
lenfour ratingfour free time well spent!
lenfifteen ratingfour the only reason i put 4 stars to it is that the 500.000 coins objective is buggy.
leneighteen ratingfour even though i have completed it, it is stuck at about 80-85% please fix and you'll get all 5.
lennine ratingfive its an amazing one after tr1.waiting for other installments.
lentwo ratingfive cheeeers guyzzz
lenfive ratingfive d bst motion game evr.
leneight ratingfive far mre bttr thn 1 nd subway surfer's.
leneleven ratingfive samsung galaxy note||  the game is superb wid nyc graphics again
lennine ratingfive mahal talaga ito kapag i buy ito sa into ,,.
leneight ratingfour its a fantastic game.with wagons nd stuf.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun :)
lenfourteen ratingfour is a great game and i like it as much as the first one.
lentwentyseven ratingfour only thing is it needs more achievements as i done them all and maybe easier ones as well as the others.otherwise will get boring playing it
lentwo ratingfive superb game
leneight ratingfour its nice .but latest update is not good.
lenten ratingfour after update version game is going to pass every time.
lenfive ratingfour please fix this issue.asap.
lenfive ratingfive awesome  better than the first.
lenseven ratingfive also recommend subway surfer  a similar game.
lenthree ratingfour ok tombs up
leneighteen ratingone not downloading this awesome game is not downloading on my samsung galaxy tab it keeps displaying the error 498.
lentwo ratingfive great game .
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lennine ratingfive this game runs really well on all 3 nexus devices.
lentwentyseven ratingfive deserves a 4.5 really since there are a couple things that are impossible to breast, such as the rolling spoke wheel and the river coming 1 meter after that.
leneight ratingfive it's almost impossible to get past that.
lenthirteen ratingfive overall, it's one of the most addicting games of the year already.
lensix ratingfive i love this games so much
leneleven ratingfive this is better game than temple run 1 glad its on android
lenfifteen ratingtwo the first one is far better the menu is confusing and the game is bad
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lensix ratingfive me and my brother loves it!
lenfive ratingthree requires too much of mb
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseventeen ratingone i have sidekick 4g and it just starts to load then kicks me out never got to play.
lentwelve ratingone very upset i am one how spend money playing games all day
lentwenty ratingfive but get rid of the impossible jumps spiky thing then river zo annoying and i got in debt in crystals?
lentwo ratingfive great  game
lennine ratingthree could you make it easier to get the characters
lentwo ratingfive fabulous game.
lenseven ratingfive hope they add swipe movement option also.
lentwo ratingfive greate app.
lentwo ratingfive owsme graphics
lentwo ratingfour gud game
lentwentytwo ratingtwo this game is okay but it isnt as good and addicting as the original title, i dont think it is that good.
lenfour ratingfive soo addictive and sickk!
lenthirteen ratingone no where near as good as original easy to many glitches in game
leneleven ratingfive i love this game  it is like temple run but better.
lenten ratingfour good game and huge changes from the previous temple run.
lennine ratingfour recommended and keep updated challenges coming time to time
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game its better than the original one all i can say is that ot is exhilarating.
leneight ratingfive this one's better than the first version
lenfour ratingfive addicting game love it
lensix ratingfive i really like it its cool
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lensix ratingfive finally something useful to indulge in.
lenthirteen ratingfive not only it keeps your brain cells alert it also has great graphics !
leneight ratingfive love this game even my daughter likes it
lentwentyeight ratingfour there is a problem in the temple run whnever i am trying open it open stops on a particularly page other thn tht i really like the lot
leneight ratingfour i enjoy this game and i love it.
lenten ratingfour it has beautiful graphics and all except one thing : controls .
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
lenseven ratingfive my good friend in my extra time.
lenseven ratingfive a great time pass for nexus google
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive its an awesome game to play i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics, fun game.
lenten ratingthree it's cool but i like the first one better.
lennine ratingfour it's a nice game but my coins disappearing.
leneleven ratingfive no lag, no pay-to-win, no bs what-so-ever!
leneight ratingfive one of those best games out there mate!
lentwelve ratingthree it is a good game but takes a long time to download
leneight ratingfour just a mini lag when turning the character.
lentwelve ratingfour on ios it doesn't. but i'm ok with it :) but.
leneight ratingfour its always better to get rid of bugs.
leneleven ratingfour it lags.please fix it:'( i really want to play it.
lenfortytwo ratingfive i love it its  good then an old one it was ok but this is amazing i would give 100 stars to this game but unfortunately they got only 5 :) any way very good effort now i am waiting for it's third one.
lenthirteen ratingfour gave 4 star because this is not so easy and graphics are blurry sometime!
lenfive ratingfour temple run 1 is way better!
lennine ratingfour and of course temple run brave is also smooth
lentwentyone ratingfour great game, completely addictive, love the mine levels but runs a bit glitchy on my phone which is why only 4 stars.
leneight ratingone why is there error in downloading this game?
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive thanks for create this kind of game
leneleven ratingthree i want to discover mor to let me rate more hehe
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much
lenten ratingone bought 150 jems and i'd be lucky if i got 30.
lenten ratingone jem meter never said 150 and suddenly game got much harder.
lennine ratingone won't spend a cent in the 'shop' again.
lenfive ratingfive i really luv this game!
lentwo ratingfive simply oshum
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is beast
lentwenty ratingfour but i wish there were more characters but i have nothing to complain about everything is great including the graphics.
lenseven ratingone still does not work for samsung infuse.
lentwelve ratingfive thts the game i want .addictive , creative , full of fun n adventures
lenfourteen ratingone does not load past the first screen and then closes on my htc evo 4g.
lentwelve ratingone all other applications were closed so not sure what the issue is
lentwo ratingfive perfect game.
lenfive ratingthree it's a epic game .
lenseven ratingfour game is quite addictive with amazing graphics.
lenfourteen ratingthree the game should have levels.its bore to play again and again from start.
lenfour ratingfive runs smooth on my sgs2
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics!
lenseventeen ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than the first one, but you will be confused at the first.
leneleven ratingfour really fun game but sometimes its lags and make you fall.
leneleven ratingfive i think the major problem of hanging the game is resolved.
lenfour ratingfive harder than the 1st version
lenfour ratingfive superb.a gr8 tym pass
lentwentythree ratingfive was worried that this wasn't going to be as good as the first one but turns out to be ten times better.
lenthree ratingfive well worth downloading.
lenseven ratingfive perfect time wasting gane, sooooooo adictive :-o
lenten ratingfive everything is so much better than the first temple run!
lenfive ratingfive excellent i love this game
lentwentyfive ratingthree i've got a samsung note and its so laggy, it never used to be but ever since i updated it there's been problems.
lenten ratingthree so much so i'm not able to play it
lentwentynine ratingfive better then temple run 1  new players new graphics and a jaiant monkey behind u that awesome xd  u have 2 play this game  temple run 2 is best game 4 android phone
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lennine ratingfive everyone at my school will die to play it.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoyed this game.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!
leneleven ratingfive as addictive as the first one, but a lot more fun.
lenthree ratingone very poor game
leneight ratingfive really awesome game i give this 20 thumbs up
lentwelve ratingfive this is a really goog game its better than the  1 one anyway
lennineteen ratingone i want to select a specific upgrade at the bottom of the list, so i have to scroll down.
lenfifteen ratingone at the moment of contact, an upgrade of the middle if the list was selected.
leneight ratingone you wasted my time of collecting those coins!
leneight ratingfive no words tosay  f a n t astic
leneight ratingfive i love this game.its full of surprises
lensixteen ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix i cant wait for the update
lentwelve ratingfive normally sequel version fail to live upto the expectation of early version.
leneight ratingfive here u feel totally different from earlier version.
leneleven ratingfive i am sure everyone will like this version than earlier oe
lentwelve ratingfive very cool game easier on tablet then phone still very cool game
lenfourteen ratingfour it's a good game but i was there was a couple more characters.
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome!
lenthree ratingfive bugs r cleared!
lentwo ratingfive simply rocking!:-);-)
lentwentyseven ratingfour i try opening it and it shows the loading screen, the after a little bit, my phone vibrates and closes out of temple run 2 without an explanation.
lenfive ratingfour any help would be appreciated!
lenfifteen ratingfour is anyone else with a samsung infuse having these problems or is it just me?
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first one .
lenseventeen ratingthree it is really it is really cool this i love it.if this i love it.if
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour live with walkman
lenthirtyone ratingone i love the layout and new look, but i am really very upset because the coin counts never go up to 3000, whenever i earn more coins then 3000 it started counting from 0.
lentwo ratingfour nice sequel
lenfive ratingfive that game is so awesome
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive it don't download fast enough
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lentwentyeight ratingfive cool game.brilliant,,,it's a lot of fun playing this game.i never get bored playing it.i would suggest all my frnds to install it asap!
lensix ratingfive seriously addictive yet the best game.
lenthirteen ratingfive hope there will be a third part with much more fun than this.
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome
leneight ratingfour great game, one of awesome game i thought
lenfour ratingone why wont this download!
lenthirteen ratingfive it is realy good when you get to the end part samsung galaxy s2
lenfifteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 its fun theres a lot of new things to jump over
lenfourteen ratingtwo i got a lg optimus l5 and its laggy as hell, i just keep dying.
lenfive ratingthree toooo gud jst love it
leneight ratingfour nice game more advanced and have more  features
lentwentytwo ratingthree im at level 8 n collected over 500000 lifetime coins but still its showing that 500000coin objective is uncomplete n it iz still stuck there.
lenfour ratingfive 100 times better than the 1st.
lenfour ratingfive i love this ggamme
lenseven ratingfour one of the best games on andrid! :)
lentwelve ratingthree effects r gud bt colors n themes doesnt make feel better run
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game its so amazing and its so fun i play this game when i am bored
leneight ratingfive played v1 on iphone, v2 on nexus 4 is even better.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lennine ratingone tilt is rubbish and swipe actions have a delay.
lensix ratingone you need sensitivity sliders in menu.
lenfive ratingone this makes the game unplayable.
leneleven ratingone i will keep installed and hope for updates to solve issues.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lentwenty ratingfour i'll probably get bored in a while but for right now it's a game you should definitely download.
lenten ratingfour if you like temple run, you'll love temple run 2:)
lenfive ratingfive love this game soooo fun
lenfive ratingone freezes when i is shown.
lentwo ratingfive bordem buster
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfive a real step up from the original temple run
lenfour ratingfive awesome ,threesome,fullawesome b-)
lentwo ratingfive awesome experience
lenseven ratingfive i love the updates and new features
lenseven ratingfive don't work on the samsung infuse 4g
lenthree ratingfive very  nice game
lensix ratingfive it's fun, challenging, and exciting!
leneleven ratingfive i'm not much of a gamer and i'm addicted!
leneleven ratingfive this game is the best so far, i'm sooooo addicted! :)
lenseven ratingfive it is the best game in android.
lensix ratingfive just download and enjoy this game
lentwelve ratingfive this game it's really good it's challenging but really fun!.
lentwentyseven ratingone the first time i opened it i let me play but now when i open it it logs me out please fix and it shall be 5 stars
lennine ratingthree i can't play because it keeps on lagging.
lenseven ratingthree i'll rate 5 if you do that.
lenfour ratingthree i love this app.
lenten ratingfive would be nice if objectives could be awarded once achieved
lensix ratingfive i love love love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive the new features are great and no lag on my motorola photon q.
lentwo ratingfive pro game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much.
lennine ratingfour hits the right balance between game and money making.
lentwentysix ratingone i love temple run 1 so when i seen this i was happy, but when i open the app it just freezes on the start up screen.
leneleven ratingone please fix this and i will change my review to 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive so addicted playing dis game
lenthree ratingfive love temple run
lenfour ratingfive love the new look
lentwo ratingfive superb app.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lentwo ratingfive super addicting.
lenfour ratingfive i love it lol!
lentwentyone ratingfive like this game i play this game every day so cool  i only reccoment thar u guys add a new creature
leneleven ratingfive the game had really moved on compared to the first one.
lentwentytwo ratingfive only thing that bugs me is that he sometimes just jumps of the edge like he is diving to save a ball.
lentwenty ratingfive it's like a jinks ninja slap to the cranium, i'm hooked like a starving fish in a barrel.
lentwo ratingfive tooooooo gooooood!
lenseventeen ratingfive truly addicting to play, graphics ultra-smooth no lag, better powerups and incentives to keep on going.
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic.
lenfour ratingfive fully addictive game :) 5 stars :)
lensix ratingfive this is great download immiatly now!
lenfour ratingthree full of fun dudes
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game but why do i never get red coins?
lenten ratingfive though i still find myself playing the first game sometimes.
lentwentytwo ratingone i m not able to run.after installing this software i have used 2 days after that it will automatically closing this  app
lentwo ratingfive wicked game
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game to kill time, wasnt a disappointment and i enjoy the new features:) 5 stars!  :d
lenseven ratingfour has great graphics but needs better sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingfive good game a little harder but better then the first one hands down
lenfive ratingfive yo this game is cool
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingthree its ok and fun
lenthirtyseven ratingfive love the game.its smooth and steady and thats why i have scored 6 million already.but i have got to say:temple run brave isnt worth paying for.but temple run 1 and 2 have got the 5 star rating ;)
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lenfourteen ratingone it freezez and takes me to the start when   you pick a app ggrrrrrr
lennine ratingfour stays true to the prequel & adds a little more.
lensixteen ratingfour great little game to challenge you while irritating you when you have nothing better to do.
leneight ratingone game does not load on my motorola triumph.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i wish i was a baller i wish i little bit taller i wish i had a girl who looked good i would call her.
lentwo ratingfour great fun
lennine ratingfive they are fun games to paly when your bored
lenseven ratingfive good job works great on l3 cm 9 rom
lentwelve ratingfive i just love this game no matter what it kills my boredom
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lentwo ratingfive tooo nice
lenthree ratingfive it runs smoothly
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwentytwo ratingone every time i try to clic it, it will pull up the first screen and then be then just freeze up their .
lennine ratingfive this keeps you off the edge of your seat.
lenthree ratingfive overall, very fun
lenfive ratingone closes automatically on start up.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 rues and epic game make temple run 3
lentwentyone ratingfour just don't like fact that when i fill up my ability i have to click on it 2 or more times
lenthree ratingfive great ever idea.
lenthree ratingfour wad a game
lenfour ratingfive i  love  this  game.
lenfive ratingfive thir  game  is  the  bomb
leneleven ratingfive works great on my vzw galaxy nexus and og motorola xoom.
leneight ratingfour smoother on the not-hi-tech phones. :d
lenfive ratingfour this game never bored me.
lentwentyfour ratingfive not sure if anyone else is having this problem, but every time i get over 2 million and use a gem the game just closes.
lenten ratingfive now i'm in the habbit of never using gems.
lenfourteen ratingfive please fix this.its especially annoying when i'm trying to do hard challenges
lenseven ratingfive different trails, faster, more complex, more fun!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!
lenthirteen ratingthree i hate it will i like it but its taking all my money
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i played the game but initially found that it lags even on a dule core processor which is enough for any game to work on i better like the original temple run.
lenseven ratingfour i like the new background for it !
leneleven ratingfive never liked the first one, but this one i absolutely love!
leneight ratingfour it is har but good to play on
lenfour ratingfour very nice and adventurous
lenfive ratingfive this game has epic graphics.
lentwo ratingthree nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive very gud game.njoying a lot in a short break.gud tym pass
lenfifteen ratingone just kicks me out.the exclamation mark shows up and then it kicks me out.
lenfive ratingtwo it run slow on androids
lennineteen ratingfour they could specify whether our not there is a difference in performance between the players before you buy them
leneighteen ratingone everytime i open up the app it just takes me back to the previous screen please fix this.
lensix ratingthree it glitches and skips a lot.
lenfour ratingthree overall fun game though.
lentwo ratingfive graphically amazing!
lenfour ratingfive its really fun lol
lentwo ratingfive superb fun!
leneleven ratingfour but i need more improvement in terms of powerups and characters .
lenthree ratingone this game stinks
lenseven ratingfour loadsa fun but only for short bursts
lentwelve ratingfive love it  i play this game like an adiction w8ing for temple run  3
lensix ratingfive gr8 game can't stop playing it
lennine ratingthree but sometimes the app blocks out words and pictures
lenfive ratingone the game wont even open.
lensixteen ratingone it freezes soon as i start it then force closes can you please fix the bug
lentwo ratingfive pretty ausome
lenfive ratingthree it's a great game!
leneight ratingthree but, why is it burning 63% if my battery?
lennine ratingfive this game is amazing but more gems should appear
lentwo ratingfive great animation
lenfour ratingfour i like this game
leneight ratingfive best game i have ever played highly addicting
lentwelve ratingfive so much funner and dosent lag the first always lagged for me
leneleven ratingone i don't really like the game it sucks to me
lentwelve ratingfive game is smooth and it's even more enticing than the first!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lennine ratingfour gets super boring after a while, but so did #1.
lenthree ratingfour solid time-suck.
lentwo ratingone soooo cool
lenfive ratingone regular temple run is better
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than temple run1
lenten ratingfive it is a very good game and has excellent graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive the most awesomest game
lentwelve ratingfour really good game but some things i bont no how to do :) .
lenfive ratingfive it is a awesome game
lentwo ratingfive enjoy playing
lennine ratingthree addicting but once you start playing it gets boring.
lentwelve ratingtwo love this game but can't upgrade anymore because losing coins when 2500 - 3000.
lenseven ratingtwo i uninstalled, then reinstalled but no difference.
lenfive ratingtwo emailed imagi but no reply.
leneleven ratingtwo very disappointing because it is or could be a great game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo keep being asked to rate jt, already done it, down to 2 stars coin issue still not resolved.
lentwo ratingfive excellent app
lenfive ratingfive cool game for killing time
lenthree ratingfive sweet new game
leneight ratingfive great that's it back to the game!
leneight ratingfive man u can't stop when u start!
lentwo ratingfive pls download!;
lenthree ratingfive really fun game.
lenfour ratingfive the whole family plays.
lenten ratingfive i loved temple run and this one is even better!
lenthree ratingfive especially the graphics!
lenfive ratingfive so um yes 5 stars :d
lensix ratingfive very very best best game eveeeeeer!
lentwelve ratingfour not as good as the first but still a very fun game
leneight ratingfive it is better than the regular temple run
lentwentyseven ratingone doesn't turn properly,i jump it slides,i try to go left or right it goes strait.going back to x runner,a real 5 star game.
lenseven ratingfive this game is very fun and addicting.
leneleven ratingfive i'm never going to uninstall its so fun and addicting.
lenseven ratingfive you'll never get bored of playing.
lenthirty ratingfour every time i get to 3000 coins for upgrades it goes back down to only a few  hundred so cant save to get 5000 upgrades but game really good please sort out
leneleven ratingfive just like the first temple run, only more exciting and addicting.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game and i hope everybody like this and give the *****.
lensix ratingfive this is really a excellent game
lenseven ratingfive this is really fun deffenitly better than #1
lenfive ratingfive so addicting oh my god!
lenfour ratingfive im a so happy
lennineteen ratingfour i have scored over 1,000,000 coins and this objective has passed but still shows i haven't achieved the 500,000 coins.
leneleven ratingfour frustrating as only have that and one more objective to complete!
lenfour ratingfour otherwise a great game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennineteen ratingfive best game eva i love it i love i love u should try the game you'll love i
lensix ratingthree good app but could be better.
lensix ratingthree graphics are great, clean and crisp.
lenfour ratingthree good setup for leveling.
lenthirtyone ratingthree unlike other apps where you have to 'buy' upgrades or wait a long period of time to continue to play this app allowed me to play till my swipe finger hurt!
lenseventeen ratingthree the only problem i have had is the swipe function, which is accurate to an average of 80%.
lenfive ratingthree makes it a little frustrating.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this one just as much and actually more then the 1st temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive whoever the creator is he/she is a genius love love love this game!
lenfive ratingfive what a game no words
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is awesome but if there are more charecters it would be nice
lenseven ratingfive more chalenges n whole loads more fun!
leneight ratingfive just dont download it before ur exams! :p
lensixteen ratingthree only thing is one of my objectives to go onto level 9 is to have 500,000 lifetime coins.
lensixteen ratingthree only problem is i already passed that & it still doesn't update that i passed it.
leneight ratingfive me and my little brother love your game!
lenten ratingfive it gets repetitive but somehow i can't stop playing!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent.
lenthree ratingfive nice game thanks.
lenfourteen ratingone wen i open the game it zoom in and can't able to play.
lentwo ratingone need updates.
lenten ratingfive i luv this awsome game dont sit there,get it!
lenthirty ratingfour although the tr team has worked alot to bring thos new version and certainly deserve an applause but this version isnt that much fun as it was in earlier version.
lenfourteen ratingfour object like magnet etc pass the runner before he could realize to catch it.
lenseven ratingfour need improvements for sure to get back 5stars.
lentwelve ratingfive it's a nice game  very exciting a great time pass. :-);-):-d :-)
lenseventeen ratingfive after installing this game.i don't think i can spare my phone .by playing it continuously.
lensix ratingfive nossa nossa acim boce me mata
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome!
lenthree ratingfive bugs r cleared!
lentwo ratingfive simply rocking!:-);-)
lensix ratingfive like the new look and obstacles.
lenfour ratingfour this game is easy
leneighteen ratingfive i arm usually not in love with mobile games but this one was one recommended by many friends.
lenthirteen ratingfive kudos to tyre development team, you have made a great simple addicting app
lennine ratingfive a brilliant game with a very good business model.
lennine ratingfive fun to play, addictive, and fully accessible without paying.
leneighteen ratingfive you can buy your way to the power-ups if you're impatient, but you never have to.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive fun game, better than first one, although part 2 would be better if they had way more courses, i mean the rope sliding, and riding wagon inside cave, was pretty cool, but it should have a couple more.
lenthree ratingfive superb game experience.
leneight ratingfour my objectives are all stuck at half way.
lentwentyone ratingfour for example, obtain 500,000 lifetime coins,i've easily gotten over a million yet it shows about 250 thou on the progress bar.
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenthree ratingfour mast h yr
lenfifteen ratingfive luv this game i play it all the time jus like i do angry birds :-)
leneight ratingfive except for major glitching sometimes, its pretty sweet.
lentwenty ratingfive and the glitching can be fixed by either taking a break from the game or shutting off my galaxy player.
lenseventeen ratingfive doesnt fix my layout screen on my galaxy s advance and my 500k lifetime gold objective doesnt updating
lentwelve ratingone the game is great but everytime i jump it pauses the game.
lenfive ratingthree bit sluggish no clear route
leneleven ratingfive this game you have to get because it is so fun!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i don't think you ever really have to buy anything in the game, and if you did very often it would be less fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive going to buy something for how much i think the game is worth.
lenfour ratingfive definitely try this game!
lenthree ratingfive excellent addictive graphics
lentwentyfive ratingone please fix the lag issue on galaxy s3 it's skips i cannot upgrade because my coi s disappear after i reach 3000 they start over again.
lenthirtythree ratingfive yeah its a great game somtimes can be laggy though and freeze and force close but it might just be because i'm using an i9000 galaxy s1 which only has a single core 1ghz processor.
lenfour ratingfive enjoying to the fullest.
lentwentyfour ratingone does not respond to tilting as well as first temple run and when i try to turn it makes me slide too annoying uninstalling.
lennineteen ratingthree it doesn't want to open every time i try to play it goes back to my home screen
lenfour ratingfive lovable.itz quite good
lensix ratingfive well done its a great game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive but no autosave features like if you exit the game you can continue and no invisibility power or other from temple run ( the first 1)
lenten ratingfive my mobile has this game only it is nice game
lensix ratingfive its awesome to play this game. .
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are astounding!
leneleven ratingfive that added to the addicting game play, this game deserves 5 stars!
lenthirtythree ratingthree its a good game with a small bug that you can ignore if your not so detaily at the start where it says imagni studios it is not optimized for the screen size
lenten ratingfive (ps.whach out for the tree duck don't jump!)
lentwentyseven ratingfour it has an weird optical view tricking you that you have to turn a direction but you really dont and some regions your running to completely nothing!
lensix ratingfour but other than that great game!
lenfive ratingfour just some nooks and crannys!
leneleven ratingfive great app but it will not open on my samsung phone.
lentwo ratingfive great gamee
lenseven ratingfour a great addition to the game family!
lensixtyone ratingfour i love thus game because of all the new things and also because when you first play the game unlike in the other temple ruin you don't start with any boosts in this one you do.but it has frozen a couple of times and  you can't unloxk all the same characters but over all this gamer is pretty
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lennine ratingfive it's fast game , and it elevates itself quickly
lentwenty ratingthree whenever i am in the mine it is never ending then all of a sudden the demon monkey eats mme
lensixteen ratingone i wish this app worked on my phone but it just crashes at the loading screen
lentwentyone ratingfive the only problem i see here is that when you get 2 same power ups consecutively, the 2nd one does not have effect.
leneleven ratingfive the duration of the first picked power up is what applied.
lentwelve ratingfive there is no game on android that is more addictive than this.
lensixteen ratingfive which makes me and everyone else wo der .what the heck did imangi do with brave?
lentwentytwo ratingfive i simply canot imagine what developers could ever do to improve it in teme run 3 after they made this absolute perfect game
lentwentythree ratingone doesn't work on htc desire so i can't play please release an update which allows to be played on htc desire
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneighty ratingtwo extremely awsome and addicting however some of the goals i achived then it still told me that i didn't, also i had saved up 50 jems  but then when i wanted to use them it told me i only had 30 i was really upset because i have been saving for like weeks, the other thing is some of the coals are practically impossible and i have been trying at them for a realy long time but it wont let me.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lennine ratingtwo played it before on some one else's phone.
lennine ratingtwo tried to download it and it won't open.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive passtime.
lenfour ratingfive good game ever seen.
lenthree ratingone won't download.
lensixteen ratingone i shall try again and i hope it works, because it looks like an awesome game.
lentwentysix ratingthree i buyed the 50 gems for ?.15 and i have not recieved them please sort it out because if they dont come up i have wasted my money!
lennineteen ratingfive i've been addicted at temple run1 and this app really gives me an adrenaline rush everytime i play it.
lenfourteen ratingfive i feel like i'm the character running and chased by a humongous ape.
lenfifteen ratingfive wish that the characters were as many as the characters at the first temple run.
leneighteen ratingfour the graphics are rendered pretty smoothly and even a lot smoother than the previous version.delight to play.
lenfive ratingfive its a verry good game
lenfive ratingthree sometimes freezes but  great game
lenthirteen ratingfive super love it than temple run 1.haha.so easy to get 1million points .haha
lenfifteen ratingone it takes forever to load and thenbit doesn't even let me play the game
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run
leneight ratingfour fun to show it to friends while playing!
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run
lenfive ratingfour great depth needs more variety
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive its soo cool
lentwentynine ratingone it ks practicly the same game as the first one but slightly differ it sucks subway surfers is way better, how many people like this game its not great
lentwentyeight ratingfive as i play it sometimes my phone starts to freeze up and i have to turn my phone of but other than that it is a fun game
lentwo ratingfour nice graphics.
lenseventeen ratingthree the lag for the game is horrible it does not happen like this ok the apple version
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive but it passes the time in between my classes, and is verry fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a very smooth feel to it and i strongly recommend it
lentwelve ratingfive better than temple run 1  but sometimes lags when the guy speeds up
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
leneleven ratingfive much more realistic love the change from a bunch of monkeys to1
leneleven ratingone crashes on imagi studios opening screen every time on samsung impulse
lenseventeen ratingfive i have collected over 500,000 points but the game does not credit me with that as an objective.
lenfour ratingfive so cool tmpl run 2!
leneight ratingfive so much fun now with new challenges lmao
lensix ratingfour good game but a little glitchy
lenseven ratingfour my daughter said she loves this game
leneight ratingone hello i jas downlod is free for samsung
lensix ratingfive love it!better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive very adventorous game
lensix ratingone wont load on my galaxy s
lentwenty ratingfour it is a very nice game with improved and better landscapes and scenery  and i will be waiting for more
lenthree ratingfive temple run two
lenfive ratingfive great app thanks imangi studious
lenfive ratingfour gud application .keep it up
leneleven ratingfive can get frustrating at times but highly addictive great time killer
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i like it a lot its just in beginning it has these options that make u speed though and its alwayswhen i have to use the rope.
lenthirteen ratingtwo so by accident i click it and have to earm money all over!
lentwo ratingfive sick game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun!
lenten ratingfive don't need many other games if you have this!
leneight ratingfive this game is really fun , it very additive
lenthree ratingfive best mobile game
lenfortyfive ratingfive i love this game the big monster looks freakishly crazy, and there are a lot more stuff to avoid, also the mine is the most craziest part, you have to be quick to avoid the wall and stay on track, overall this game is great
lenthree ratingfive perfect awesome amaizing
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive good game, but it needs to be even more affects!
lenfifteen ratingfive but overall wonderful game its really worth downloading its free they have a good company!
lenseven ratingone can't even see the startup menu
lenseven ratingone it does not operate & waste our time
lenthirty ratingfive i have tried the game on friends' phones and loved it but it absolutely refuses to install on my htc desire c. it tells me the package file is invalid.
lennineteen ratingfive temple run 2 should be made an update for the original so you can switch between games in one app.
lenthree ratingfive perfect time pass!
lenten ratingfive this game has awsome picture and theres a confusing glitch.
lenseven ratingfive but thisex game is worth downloading.awsome
lenthirtysix ratingtwo first time its opened.but now its closing automatically after showing the imangi picture.please fix it.i love it cause i played after first download.hey i updated it but it still not working.bullshit!
lenseven ratingfive its a great game with excellent atmosphere.
lenseven ratingfive also very challenging compared to its predecessor.
lenfour ratingfive this version is exciting.
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing!
lentwentyfour ratingfour its awsome, but a few weird things, for instance they need more gems in one game, and you have different upgrades for each guy.
lenseven ratingfive superb creation hats off to you guys
lenfour ratingfive great game runs smoothly
lenfifteen ratingone i made an in game purchase and was charged but never received what i purchased.
lentwelve ratingone i sent an email the same day and never got a reply.
lenfourteen ratingone i'd give this game 5 stars if i get my goods or get reimbursed.
lenthirteen ratingfive didn't think you could improve on an already great game but you
lenfive ratingthree yeah its a good game .
lenthirtynine ratingthree but its horrible how after i buy coins twice get all my high scores it wont even load i had to reinstall it the first time for it to work now this is the second time its done this .
lenfive ratingthree id like my money back.
lenseventeen ratingfive i've heard of this game that its awesome in all but its taking forever to download!
lennineteen ratingfive it's good and has enough challenges to play for unlike the older ver of temple run enjoy playing.
lenseven ratingtwo it lags on my phone really badly.
lenfour ratingtwo really awesome concept though
lenfour ratingfive great game better graphics
leneleven ratingfive i love this game it's better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingone subway surfers is cooler
lennine ratingfive i love this game but it won't installl!
lenseven ratingfive it will aways get me on feet.
lenthree ratingfive addictive yet great .
lenten ratingfour its ok but i am too used to the original.
lennine ratingfive game really makes you concentrate & is way better than #1
lentwenty ratingone they definitely improved over the original which was the first of it's kind and a classic game to play.
lentwelve ratingone huge improvements make it the absolute best running game on the market!
leneleven ratingone a must have for people that want to enjoy killing sometime.
lenthirteen ratingone please add facebook leaderboards so you can compete against your friend's score.
lennine ratingone adding more playability and this game will recieve 5 stars!
lensix ratingfive very addicting and much better graphics
lenfour ratingfive its an amazing game
lentwelve ratingfour i love timple run 2 but i think i like timple run 1 better
lenseven ratingfour awesome game play but struck some times.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the graphics really are better than the first,  and it makes it so there are more dimensions for the challenges to occupy.
lenthree ratingfour sometimes distracting,  though.
lentwentyfour ratingthree how do i get this to play it won't it loads then goes off and i been trying to get it to work
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour passes the time.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive cool game dude
lensix ratingfive great sequel,waiting for temple run 3
lenten ratingfive awsome jst play once will play whole life!:-d;-):-)b-):-*
lenfive ratingfive this game my daughters love
lensixteen ratingone i cant even play, it closes as soon as i click it on the samsung infuse
lentwo ratingfive faaad hai
lenfour ratingfive great game.occasionally lags.
leneleven ratingthree this is a good game but it gets glitchy really easy.
leneight ratingthree it freezes in the middle of  the game.
lentwentynine ratingfive an epic game no average player could love this game as much as  i do so anyone (besides meh) who says they  are trs biggest fan can shut up!
lenseven ratingfive i love tr more t jan anyone.
lenfour ratingfive absolutley fantasticly brilliantly ace!
lenseven ratingfive 1 of the best games ive eva played!
lenfour ratingfive a great time pass
lentwenty ratingfour its graphics have been improved alot.but could have been better and sometimes its hanging even after the latest update
lentwo ratingfive smooth graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i like temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic
lenthree ratingfive nyc n awusum
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics got even better and i like the extra stuff that was added in
lentwo ratingfive epic game
lenfourteen ratingfive a great follow up to temple run, even more challenge and works really well.
leneleven ratingfive love it so awsome should buy im freaking out about it
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfour ratingfive good test of reflexes.
lensixteen ratingfive reward system is a little step, but still adds a sense of progression to the game.
lenfive ratingthree great game with fantastic graphics.
lenfourteen ratingthree major issue is that everytime i get near to 5,000 coins my coins are deleted.
lensix ratingthree this has happened several tines now.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lennine ratingfour i love the game but sometimes the game freeze
lensixteen ratingthree points are reduced during the play i cant able to upgrade a power. .fix this bug
lennine ratingfour great game, better than the 1st and very addictive a++
lenten ratingfive it's way too fun,can't stop playing it!=]<3
lenseventeen ratingfive i like the first one but when i try to play temple run 2 it will not work
leneight ratingfive supercalifragilisticexpialidocious game ever ! :d omg its totes fab!
lentwelve ratingfive i <3 this game with a lot of 3d graphics cool keep it up!
lenfive ratingfive and its soo addictive lolz
lenthree ratingfive really chill game.
lenseventeen ratingfour 4g htc rezound: if they get rid of the glitchiness due to lag, this will easily be 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfour great improvements over the 1st edition.
lenten ratingone it close  every time i open it on my phone
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingfour it is a good game but there are few problems with this game as every game have.
lenfiftyfour ratingfour when u r buying smthing to upgrade any power then it doest ask ur permission if u r simply scrolling down then it itself buys it and u lose ur credits, next is, when ur on a train and u lose and u use save me den it doest bend properly to collect coins.
lenthirty ratingfour and the last one is if u have a magnet and u collect next  magnet just after 1st one den it has no effect and is same with every other powers
lenseven ratingone 1 wrong mistake and the animal catches you
lenfifteen ratingthree and i feel like there are tons of visual distractions which is good and bad.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game is so adicting.
lentwelve ratingfive i love how theres no  ads and no crashes just love it
lenfifteen ratingone well i try to open the game most of the time it doesn't work.
lenten ratingone whenever i play the score and everything is scrunched together.
lenthree ratingfive game is awesome
lenseven ratingfive i love this game lots of fun.
leneight ratingfive i pove this game it is so cool
lentwenty ratingfive love this game, much better than first one, not many games i get addicted to but this one i am
lenfive ratingfour this game is pretty cool!
lennine ratingfive very challenging and makes u want to play more!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game luved that
lenthree ratingfive wat a game.!
lenfive ratingfive im just addicted to it.
lenfourteen ratingfive much much better than the first one, could use more characters to unlock though
lenten ratingfive is a fantastic game and much better than the original
lenfive ratingfour but always running gets bored.
leneleven ratingfive its cool like me its fun and its got sexy people
lenfive ratingfive great graphics on my galaxy note2!
lentwo ratingfive awsom game
lenfour ratingfive laggy on my android.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lenfive ratingfour fun game but(refer above)
lennineteen ratingfive i didnt like temple run 1 as much but after playing this i have a new perspective of temple run
lenseven ratingfive wont work on my  androind please fix
lenfive ratingfour smooth on my sony lww.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun!
lenseven ratingfive this is a very excellent game .xxx
lenfour ratingfour love the fun game
lenfive ratingfive it is an amazimg game
lenfive ratingone make it compatible for lg p350 . ;/
lenfour ratingfive but needs,more idk
lenthirtyfive ratingfour this game is really fun :) but you guys should put vehicles in the temple run 2 store so guy.dangerous and scarlet fox and the.rest can ride like skateboards , bike,motorbike, hoverboard,. thanks in advance :)))))
lenfour ratingfive i love this game. ?
lenthree ratingfive try it peps
leneight ratingfive its an awesome game.graphics r much better
lenthirtythree ratingfive i really love playing temple run, it removes my stress. :-d i hope they're creating the third version now and please put more obstacles and the place, can you make it magical?
lentwelve ratingfive hehe just a request if ever your creating the third version now.
leneighteen ratingtwo it's fun to play but there's really no point in playing if the coins keep disappearing.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i had almost 5000, didn't buy any upgrades, but the next time i looked at my coins i only had around 1400.
leneight ratingtwo i hope the next upgrade fixes this problem.
lentwentyfour ratingfour little glitches here and there keep me from enjoying the complete game but the redesign of the power ups are better and works great.
lenthirteen ratingfour love the graphics now if only you can race live against other people
lenthirteen ratingone when i downloaded the game and opened the application it did not work!
lenfour ratingfive i luv dis game
lennine ratingfive one  word can define this game i.e. "exceptional "
lensixteen ratingfive fix the freezing that's causing me to lose when i'm at a high score.
lennine ratingtwo swipes don't get registered, laggy, glitchy and confusing.
lentwo ratingtwo htc velocity.
leneight ratingfive this app is very cool, my xperia miro
lentwelve ratingfour i liked it very much but slightly difficult from the first one
lenseven ratingfive this game keeps me on my toes.
lenfour ratingfive just lyk its predecesor.
lentwo ratingfive imangi games.
leneight ratingfive love it so much more than the original!
lenten ratingtwo would be way better if it would let me play.
lenten ratingtwo it starts to load and shuts it's self down.
lenthree ratingfive tons of fun!
lensixteen ratingfive this game won't lag on a good fone.the ads dont block any vision either!
lentwelve ratingone i dont like this game.why peoples are so crazy about it
lentwo ratingfour super addicting.
lenseven ratingfour i would give 5 but it lags sometimes.
lenfive ratingfive amazing,enthusiastic,adventurous and well.
lenten ratingfive really fun game, even more addicting than the first one
lentwo ratingfour great game
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 ixxx just awesome, em ?
lensix ratingfour awesome game but need more smoothness
lenfourteen ratingfour fun game it would be better if it had actual levels but still fun
lenfifteen ratingthree maybe it's just not compatible with my phone, but it is just sooooo slow.
lensixteen ratingfive is a preatty cool game i liked rhe first one buy i love the second one
lenten ratingfour very good in my opinion temple run 1 is better.x
lenseven ratingfive love the new graphs and the goals.
lenfifteen ratingfive i get some lag but not nearly as much as i did in temple run 1.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this is awsome anyway please pls pls make an android game called run and run 2 if you type in google cool maths game you will find it its realy fun and addictive thx from ella
leneighteen ratingone i download it and it wont play i delete it and redownload it and it still wont play
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive superb very  nice game.
lentwo ratingfive nice animation.
lenthree ratingfive excellent games works
lensix ratingthree good game, but lags on droid x2.
lenseven ratingthree doesn't turn,jump,slide in time.
lenseven ratingone this app sucks it doesnt even work
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game in the world!
lenthirtyone ratingtwo it is slow not fast like the first one.the first one is better an the the second is does not let me jump need to get better but its cool
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played
lenfive ratingfive this game is absolutely fantastic.
lensix ratingfive this game is so freaking awesome
lenthree ratingfive great time consumer!
lenfifteen ratingfour it's awesome, but the competition did a better job on the enviroment and obstacoles.
lenten ratingfive amazing it is the best android game i ever had
lenthree ratingfive wat a game. . .
leneleven ratingfive super, fantastic 3d effective animation surely do addict to play this game.
lenfive ratingfive it include tons of fun
lenthirtyone ratingfive when i first got garry bones i got my high score 953,046 not even on a i pad on a smart phone and over 2000 coins collected in 1 run fantastic game five $tars
lenfour ratingthree i had like 2,456 coins.
lensixteen ratingthree after i played a round i came back to the homescreen and i only had 932 coins.
lenfour ratingthree i didnt spend 1 coin!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwentyfour ratingfour how do i get this to play it won't it loads then goes off and i been trying to get it to work
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingone why wont this let me download a simple game?
lentwo ratingfive swag ggggggggg
lenseventeen ratingfour i love this game its great cx new characters power ups fed by coins is a good .
lentwentysix ratingfour thought i hate that it hardly lasts unless u keep feeding it coins though :l otherwise good game i'd give all stars if that changed!
lenseventeen ratingfour but i still highly recommend this game fine work can't wait for temple run three xd
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it so much it brings out the virtual world in the game
lentwenty ratingfour i just don't know if it's my phone or the app that i couldn't tilt the screen.
lentwelve ratingfour it worked smooth the first try but later on, i encountered this. :(
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive good games and i have so much fun
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lensixteen ratingfive nice graphics but please connect it wid  fb so v can compete our scores with frends.
lentwelve ratingfive the best game ever .i liked temple run 1 but 2 is much better
lensix ratingfive super graphics upgrade and nice rails
leneleven ratingone brings me to the imangi studios strart screen then closes itself.
lenten ratingone trying to play from a motorola triumph through virgin mobile.
leneleven ratingone haven't even got the chance to enjoy the game yet. :(
leneight ratingfive fun game that keeps you on your toes
lenfour ratingfive excellent better than first!
lenfourteen ratingfour but hard to understand they should provide help option to use for the beginner.
lennine ratingfive i can't stop playing this game its cool
lenten ratingfive very addictive, and a great change from the first one.
lenfive ratingfive this game sucks turtle balls
lenfive ratingfive love this game i got 7million
lennine ratingtwo it's really laggy and the timing is off
lenthree ratingfive an improved sequel.
lentwo ratingfive worth playing.
lensix ratingfive 10 times better than the first one!
lensixteen ratingfour great game but it tends to glitch and when it glitches its unresponsive then i die.
leneight ratingfour if that doesn't happen than itl b 5starz!
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lentwo ratingfive hell yeah
lenfive ratingfive temple run2 is the coolest game!
lensixteen ratingthree its fun but only problem i have is that my coins still won't change colors.
lennine ratingfive its a really good game and its very enjoyable
lentwentynine ratingfour i have completed the objective 500000 coins but it still appears due to doubling of objectives because when i completed it ,one of the objective disappeared and other still appears.
lenthirteen ratingfive i like it so much it is way better then the old one
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwelve ratingfive fun and curiousity to play it more n more.like this game
lentwenty ratingthree i love this game but now every time i go to play it now , it just returns to my homescreen -__-
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingfive lived up to the predecessor
lentwo ratingfour amazing game.
lentwelve ratingfour i would like to see the tilt issue fixed , as its frustrating.
lenten ratingone it says package file invalid.please help me on this.
lenfive ratingone mail me on ;dpk696@in.com.
lenten ratingfive i love this game.i like the ziplines and minecarts
lensix ratingfour it's kinda interesting beautiful graphics.
lensixteen ratingfive i really think that this game  is amazing but it lags too much please fix it
lenfive ratingfive 5000 times better than temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive very beautiful graphics.
lentwo ratingfive amazing gameplay.
lennine ratingfive i love the different settings, better than the first :)
lenseven ratingfive its freaking one of the best game.
leneight ratingfive works perfecty and the new things are awesome
lenseven ratingfive smooth gameplay and looks great on nexus 7.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lenseventyseven ratingfour amazing game but for 5 star rating please fix: when running in a ledge (2 thirds of the lane fell off) if you have a nearby curve and swipe to the empty side of the ledge you always die (even if you're very close to the curve)  if you have an item active and pick up the same item again the game will completely ignore the item you just picked up (timer for the item won't increase)
lennineteen ratingthree i realy think it needs more people to play as for one thenfootball player with his football gear on
lenseven ratingfive i like it.kudos to the creators.
lentwo ratingfive suppppeeeer game.:):);)
leneleven ratingfour color themes could have been better.but overall an interesting game
lenfour ratingfive but fun to play
lenfive ratingfive wow i love this game
lenten ratingtwo i like the game and everything thats in the game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo what is frustrating and needs to be fixed is that it loses my coins.
lentwentysix ratingtwo i could have 5, 000 coins and after i finish another round i should have more and it dissappears and ill be left with a lot less coins.
lentwentyone ratingtwo if this glitch gets fixed its an easy 5 star game.if it does not get fixed i will end up uninstalling.
lenfourteen ratingone just downloaded the app and cant even use it on my device, please fix.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's really cool but i think that the triggering is messed up
lentwo ratingtwo awesome game
leneight ratingfive difficulty has gone up since the first one.
leneight ratingfour it freezes all the time,i hate it.
lenseven ratingfive and the cart is a nice feature
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfive ratingone show file package is invalid
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenseven ratingfive excellent update to an already cool game.
lenthree ratingfive continues hanging problem.
leneight ratingfive visual quality on best is not performing well.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run 2 took everything about the first one and made it better.
lentwenty ratingfive i was amazed at how good the game looked for a simple mobile game and was surprised it was free.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
lentwenty ratingfive my only problem is that there isn't much variety with your character choice like montana smith and zak wonder.
lenfive ratingfive addictive can't stop playing
lenfive ratingfour fun way to pass time
lensix ratingfive really havin fun in playin tr 2.
lentwo ratingfive worth playin .
lentwentyone ratingfive no issues for me!grt graphics!grt new features!no lagging!no sensitvty issues!perfct!love t!keep t up imangi!
leneleven ratingfive better than the first don't believe me then get it
lennineteen ratingfour i do not know how to change my person on temple run 2 but other than that best game ever
lenthree ratingfive good, addictive game!
lennine ratingfive works fine on my samsung galaxy and its free ?
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive i am enjoying it more than the previous version
lennineteen ratingfive awsome i play it every one i no plays it even my whole family plays it including me!:d :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
lentwentyeight ratingfive its a very hood game it mihht be hard at first but when u get used yo it its fye do yeah its a good game ?lol:d
lenfour ratingfour fully time pass game
lenthirteen ratingthree the lag is a real bummer, seriously hurts my ability to score higher
lensixteen ratingfive addicting fun game to play a lil while or a long game.definantly worth a try!
lentwo ratingone force close
leneighteen ratingfive on the 8th of february i bought the 50,000 coin pack on temple run 2 for 4.99 and never got my coins.
lenten ratingfive i would greatly appreciate it if you could help me.
lenfour ratingfive btw great addicting game.
lenseven ratingfive love it much better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfour great improvements from the last game.
lenthirteen ratingfour there is some minor skips that do affect gameplay but still worth playing.
lenthirteen ratingthree nice graphics and all, but the game freezes after the guy gets killed.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive they took the original and made it better.
lentwo ratingfive runs flawlessly.
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun
lenseven ratingthree force closed after update and wont open
lentwo ratingfive nice onr
lenfour ratingfive hope there's levals
lenfour ratingfive dis game iz flyy :)
lenthirteen ratingone the game wont let me play when i turn it on.needs update.
lenthree ratingone sidekick 4g t mobile
lenfourteen ratingfive great game, fluidity of use is a little skiddish but great game over all
lentwenty ratingfive works great on iphone but rooted nook color don't work but its better then the first i hit 23 million!
lensix ratingfive awesome resolution and environment, love it
lenthree ratingfive even more addicting
lenfive ratingfive cool game and awesome graphics
lenfifteen ratingfive an excellent game better than the first temple run imo because of its new style
lenseventeen ratingone very fun but i had to reinstall after it stopped working, it got to the "imangi studios"
lenthirteen ratingone screen and went back to my home screen and also seems less responsive.
lensix ratingfour better than the first temple rub!
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i will get close to even 4,000 coins and when i start playing again, it will get me back to 500 coins or less!
lenten ratingfive runs fine on the tabby, but poor on the phone.
lennineteen ratingfive regardless, the game itself is great and it's just as addicting as (if not more than) the original!
lenthree ratingfour juz cant stop
lenfive ratingthree this game lags too much.
lenten ratingthree i cant get far in this game cause it lags.
lentwelve ratingone it freaking kicks me out of the game to my home screen!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive i love it it is awesome
lenfour ratingfive addicting fast paced fun!
leneight ratingfive easy way to make the time fly by!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneighteen ratingfive amazing played it on the ipad and loved it so now i tryin it on a normal tablet
lenfour ratingfive a must play game.
lenthree ratingfive download it guys
lentwo ratingone samsung fascinate.
lensix ratingone when it did work, tilt didnt.
lenseventeen ratingfive fantastic game i like that you aren't forced to buy anything to advance in the game.
lenfour ratingfive definitely a must play!
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
lenthree ratingfive i love itt
lenfifteen ratingfive this has better graphics then temple run 1 and now you can slide in ropes :d
lenseven ratingone force closes every time i launch it
lenseven ratingfive running smoothly on my sony ericsson xperia x10i.
lenfive ratingfive very addicting and awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive good job fellas. :))
leneleven ratingfive never ever played a game like dis.amazing .million star game
lenfour ratingfive justify geek chaff gained
lenfive ratingfive alla souriya bachar w bas
leneight ratingone i could never get this app to download
lenfifteen ratingone posting for the third time, the app shuts down automatically after the imangi startup screen.
leneight ratingfive good games and i have so much fun
lenfour ratingfive game is so addicting
lenseven ratingfour its a good game for being bored
leneleven ratingone i can get this to download but it won't open
lenseven ratingthree but i keep losing my coins. :s
lenthirteen ratingfive it crashes and freezes at start up on my galaxy player fix plz
lenthirteen ratingone had to uninstall from my samsung infuse because of force closing, really disappointed.
lenthirteen ratingone this game looked so fun, and i've heard great things about it
lenthree ratingfive best game evr.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentytwo ratingfive wow temple run 2 is one of the best games i've played in ages one bad thing though it is to adictive
lenfive ratingfive it's fun to play
leneleven ratingone crashes every time on htc one v won't even open!
lenthree ratingfive love it alot
lenseven ratingfour finally, a sequel that surpasses the first!
lenthirteen ratingfour personally, i hated the first game it lagged, was unresponsive and became boring.
lenseven ratingfour you guys really outdid yourselves with this!
lentwentyseven ratingfour you added everything that makes it fun and repayable such as upgrades and characters coupled with a colorful world and new ways to outrun the giant monkey.
lenthree ratingfour good job guys!
lenthree ratingfour update: improve tilt.
lenseven ratingfive i love all the temple run games
lentwo ratingthree fun game.
lenfive ratingfour gets a little laggy sometimes.
lenfour ratingfour needs sensitivity option like tr1.
leneleven ratingfive great game graphics and game play are better than the original.
lentwentysix ratingfour game is extremely addicting and fun, the one small  problem i have is it would stop responding for like a split second and make me crash
lenseven ratingfive i love 1 and now i can play 2  :)
lenseven ratingthree i alwas die one the spikey wheel
lenseven ratingone it exits out when im in my 1millions
lenthree ratingfour purchased 150 gem pack.
lenseven ratingfour after less than 10 uses the gems disappeared.
lensix ratingfour emailed the creator but no response.
lentwentyfive ratingthree good but too much unexpected freezing and when you jump and you land at the end of a path sonetimes you die for no reason
lenfour ratingone freezes after tutorial run.
leneight ratingone after restart starts with tutorial and 0 progress again.
leneight ratingfive exallent game to play ould recormend to anyone
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy playing it
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenseven ratingfive wicked i luv it my fav game.
lenfour ratingfive such a great game
lensix ratingfive so to tulare i love it
lenfive ratingfive hours and hours of entertainment.
lenfive ratingfive works great on my nexus 7.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive a nice game,i love it.
leneight ratingfive ok looks good but have not played it
lentwo ratingfive addictive & fun.!
lenten ratingfour cooler, better graphics but way harder than the 1st temple run
lensix ratingfive fun game, harder than the first
lenfive ratingfive i play it all day!
lennine ratingfive have been hooked since i learned it came out.
lennineteen ratingone i installed it and it doesn't work it turns my phone off or it forces to close grrrrr
lenfour ratingfive best free game ever.
lenthree ratingfive love thiz game
lensixteen ratingfour its quiet interesting overall,but its still buggy when graphics are put high on galaxy nexus
lensix ratingone ?na merda.lentissimo va a scatti
lentwenty ratingfive this is so habit forming now i need a way to keep my phone charged so i can play longer
lensix ratingfour still a great game and addictive.
lentwentytwo ratingfour wish that goals would update past the three shown i.e. you only get the 5 million points bonus if it is showing.
lenfour ratingfour oh well, still fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive if you're like me and just want to play something for a few mins and put it down, this is a fantastic game and enjoying the gfx update with added cart game also!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfour some clipping issues.
lentwentyfour ratingfour also, collecting powerups after using  equipped power should totally reset its timer (*hint hint* to devs).other than that, it's a good game!
leneight ratingfive even tho i keep killing the poor guy!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenthirteen ratingfour paths not as unfair as in the first game but also much easier.
lenfive ratingfour could use more unlockable runners.
lenseventeen ratingfour i cant seem to get the gold miner achievement even when my total coin count is over 500000.
lenseven ratingfour the bar stopped filling up about halfway.
lenfive ratingfour but overall, an enjoyable game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love everything about it  i can spend hours playing it without getting bored 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive especially the graphics.
leneight ratingfive more awesome then the original (that i have.)
lenfourteen ratingtwo when i open temple run 2 it starts up then quits everytime someone help me!
lentwelve ratingone doesnt fit on lg optimus l3 screen pls fix as soon as possible
lensixteen ratingthree its pretty good but i cant tilt my screen to collect coins on my driod charge.
leneight ratingthree also it takes to long to start up.
lenfour ratingfive the best runner game.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfifteen ratingthree my coins do not increase ever, so i can't upgrade anything in the game.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i'll earn over 5000 coins in a run and when i look at my coins i have to upgrade it shows that i have 300 or so coins.
lenthree ratingfive love da graphics
lenthirteen ratingone the game downloads but  when i try to open it the game closes.
lensixteen ratingone it does not work on my driod x. up grade did not work for my phone.
lenseven ratingone still not able to open the app 2/9/2013.
lensix ratingtwo and ill changes it to 5 stars
lensix ratingfive finally play on curvey instead straight
lensix ratingfive i've been waiting for this.
lensix ratingfive this game is worth the download.
leneight ratingfive angry birds who needs it, i have temple run2
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting.
lentwo ratingfive awsom game
lennine ratingfive really good game and  great graphics 5 stars from me
lentwelve ratingthree i mave gotten more than 500,000 coins but the objective for that froze.
leneight ratingthree im assuming there are more bugs to fix
lenseven ratingfive omg this is the best game ever
lenthree ratingthree loved the game.
leneighteen ratingthree but one day i was playing it and then it stopped and i had to restart my phone.
lenfourteen ratingthree i lost all my history on it and now i'm back to nothin.
lenten ratingthree they should allow you to make a account with them
lenfour ratingone crashes on lg thrill 4g
lenthirtyeight ratingfive i love the game of how it has hd graphics but on to teh point with scarlett fox she's like a mad monster with the speed boost so yeah and also before i go add more characters!
leneighteen ratingfour it's infinitely better looking than the old one and it is a lot more fun to play.
lensix ratingfive i love the new temple run.
leneight ratingfive it is an amazing game and very addicting.
leneight ratingfive this temple run2 is waaaaaaaay better than the 1st one!
lenseven ratingtwo it sometimes doesn't work and freezes
lennine ratingfive enjoy playing this on the tube than the above
lenfour ratingfive good at motorola atrix 2
lentwentythree ratingfive temple run 2 is the most amazing game ever,i am literally addicted to it i play this game every single chance i get.
lenfour ratingfive love it sooooo good
lensix ratingfive much better than first temple run.
lenfourteen ratingone downloaded this on the infuse and everytime i open it the app closes out
leneighteen ratingfour i love this app i just love getting all the daimonds and buying new things in the store
lenthree ratingfive love this gameeeeeee
lenseventeen ratingfour it was easy on the first game but hard on the second other than that love it!
lenfive ratingfive i love this freaking game
lentwelve ratingfour its good i love it but its starting lag and getting glitchy
lenseven ratingfour the best, almost better than temple run.
lenten ratingone this is the worst game ob google play/apple store.
lenseven ratingone the first temple run was much better.
lenfifteen ratingfive love the new temple run much better than the old one, yet a lot harder:-)
lenthree ratingfour addictive and challenging
lentwentytwo ratingone when i'm playing the game jumps and freezes , i have a htc one x , gameplay needs to be excellent on this
lennine ratingone doesnt start after logo it goes to home screen
lentwentysix ratingfive temple run 2 is way more funner then temple run well not really way batter but a bit more look up the song "we run the night"
lenten ratingone omg way tooooooo many glitches it messes up my phone
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive its loads of fun and there is hours of the fun to be had.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lennineteen ratingone my game won't update, its still on version 1.0 and my only choices are uninstall or open htc sensation 4g
lentwo ratingfour awesome fun
lenseven ratingfive great game and graphics are really nice.
lentwenty ratingfive a few bugs exist (like the powerup stacking failure glitch) but that is very understandable for a fairly new game.
lenthirtysix ratingfive however a bug that i haven't seen reported else ware is that say you have 500000 lifetime coins and 1 million lifetime coins achievement at the same time, only the 500,000 bar fills up and not the million.
lentwentyseven ratingfive and after you complete the 500k achievement, it says the million is checked, but it doesn't give you the achievement and the bar won't fill up.
leneight ratingfive however it is a great game nonetheless and  .
lensix ratingfive awesome and better than the first.
lentwo ratingthree kinda boring
lenthirteen ratingthree love the visuals and game play but game constantly freezes on my galaxy s2 .
lenfourteen ratingthree makes it impossible to progress as i have to force close all the time .
lenthirtyeight ratingone i bought coin doubler and it's mot working,  today i paid 15 for 500 gems and after few hours didint receive gems,  imagi studio doesn't respond about coin doubler after few days, and these items are not refundable
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingfive thought the first one was good, this one blew it out of the water.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is my favorite, and i'm not even that good at it.
lenthree ratingfive have fun playing :)
lenfive ratingfive i love this game amazing
lentwo ratingfive superb game :-)
lenthirteen ratingfour the game is awesome but laggy.on my htc desire  please fix it
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars app
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive this game is better than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfive fucken awesome
lenfour ratingfour the best app eva
lentwo ratingfive excellent games
lensix ratingfive you should definitely download this game.
leneight ratingfive it is so addicting and i cant stop.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingone rubbish app
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwenty ratingthree this game has great gameplay and graphics with just enough complexity to captivate its users during a fun mental break.
lentwentyfive ratingthree there are a lot of features to keep the game fun even after 20-30 hours of gaming including usage of gems, multipliers, and the power bar.
lensix ratingthree the game has two major flaws.
leneight ratingthree 1) the objectives section breaks down around level 7 and 8.
lentwentytwo ratingthree rather than giving more challenging or original tasks, the game shifts toward lifetime objectives or near impossible by doubling just completed objectives.
lenfour ratingfive most favorite game ever!
lenfourteen ratingtwo i can never do any upgrades in the game because my coins keep disappearing
lentwentyeight ratingone imangi you guys are a rip off.i purchased 50 gems today in the morning i hav3 sent email .pictures everything i can.and still no freaking gems.5$ rip offf.
lenthree ratingtwo this game rock
lenfive ratingfive it has more better stuff.
lenfive ratingfive just like  blue rabbit world.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfour hasn't been saving needs to be fixed
lenfour ratingfive amusing and time consuming
lenseven ratingfour don't work on the samsung infuse 4g
lentwelve ratingfive it is always a fun thing to play in my spare time.
lenseven ratingone game initiates then closes few seconds later!
lensix ratingone i've installed 3 times same problem.
lentwo ratingone samsung sidekick 4g.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is a big upgrade in graphics and smoothness
lenfive ratingfive way better than the firs!
lenfive ratingfive smooth on my droid razr!
lenfifteen ratingfive the first one didn't quite catch my attention, but this one is more thrilling.
lenfour ratingfour lagging on nexus s
lennine ratingfive but make a version that supports older android versions.
lentwentytwo ratingfive so much better than the first.i found myself more interested in this game, i don't even play the original anymore
leneight ratingone everytime i open the app it force close.
lenfourteen ratingtwo ill give more stars when it stops crashing when i try to open it.
lenseventyfive ratingfive i love this game because when you run its a little hard to see butt that makes it even funner everyone should play this game and just temple run or temple run 2 so people reading this you should play it and rate it because i know i love this game omg i am getting better at this game i keep getting gems and new high scores i hope i t happens to other people too
lenten ratingfive i absolutely love this game, and the graphics are amazing!
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi :)
lenfour ratingfive great game hail butler
lensix ratingfive plays well in g2, even better than #1.
lentwelve ratingfive thanks to imangi.i spend about 5 hours in this game every day.
lenfourteen ratingtwo in this game, you can pay to instantly revive your character, when you die.
lenfifteen ratingtwo this means you can buy these revives, and grind the longest score on the leaderboards.
lenthirteen ratingtwo paying to change your score is dumb,  and you shouldn't play this.
lentwelve ratingfive i love the graphics, the twists, the turns, and the 3d like effect.
lenseven ratingfour cool but didn't work at first
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addicting.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensixteen ratingthree i really think that this game  is amazing but it lags too much please fix it
lenthirtyeight ratingone i bought coin doubler and it's mot working,  today i paid 15 for 500 gems and after few hours didint receive gems,  imagi studio doesn't respond about coin doubler after few days, and these items are not refundable
lenseven ratingfive one of the best casual games ever!
lenfive ratingone it suck like my mom
leneight ratingfive i always try to make my high score.
lenfour ratingfive the scan is awesome
leneight ratingfour wish environment would change more, great game otherwise
lenthirtytwo ratingfour good game and graphics but can you fix the bugs when you were ressurecting too much for example i have 5 mil points then i die if i ressurect the game will crash.
lenfour ratingfour pls help me tnx
lenten ratingfive it seems to be played on all my friends phone.
lenthirteen ratingfour but when i got 500,000 lifetime points it didn't give me the objective.
lenfive ratingfive very fun, a bit addicting
lennineteen ratingfour it's not cool that your coins don't add up after every run, like the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfour i'm not buying coins just to increase my attributes or unlock characters.
lenfour ratingfour need to change this!
lenseventeen ratingone only reason is it wont work for my phone it wont load it just shuts itself done.
lenfour ratingone plz solve the proberlem.
lennine ratingfive i love this game that is an awesome monkey
leneleven ratingone keeps crashing when i start it on galaxy s and iphone
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenten ratingfive i like how they put a  mega monkey into it
lenseven ratingfive even better than the original temple run
lentwo ratingfive definitely improved.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's waaaay better than temple run 1 but i still find subway surf better.
lenfour ratingfive i opened, force close.
lenseven ratingfive unistalled and installed like a bajillion times.
lennine ratingone temple run 2 cannot be downloaded due to an error 403
lentwentyfour ratingfour this game is cool but the game needs updates because there's barely any power ups or characters but the game is a boss.
lenthree ratingfive more than 5 stares ?
lenfour ratingfive you wont get dissapointed.
lenten ratingfour i'll rate 5 when i get rankings with more info!
lentwelve ratingfour i want to see my high score in a no gem run.
lenfour ratingfour also ranking with friends!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much fun and has beautiful graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfive i find myself playing for hours at a time because it is so addictive!
lenfive ratingfive great job making this game.
leneleven ratingfour 500,000 coin achievement stopped increasing when the 1,000,000 lifetime coin achievement became available.
lentwo ratingfour lags sometimes
lensix ratingfive it's a great time waster
lennine ratingtwo the sensitivity needs a boost, its difficult to handle.
leneighteen ratingtwo i absolutely hate the way the camera follows the trail and its too zoomed in on the character.
lensix ratingfour i'm really enjoying this game.
lenten ratingfour bit of a problem with falling off the map randomly.
lenthirteen ratingfour but after changing the graphic setting to every single one with no success.
lenfourteen ratingfour so it would be nice is the smoothness of the game was made better :)
lenthree ratingfive omg better then 1
leneleven ratingfive a great follow up to the original lovely graphics sooo addictive!
lensix ratingfive love the mine cart mini game.
lentwelve ratingfive you need to add more areas like that that require different thinking.
lenfive ratingfive and change the goddamn music!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the new temple run it has a lot of new and cool things
lentwelve ratingfive good software but give a chance to reply without losing your score.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3
lenfifteen ratingone if i try and open the app it just force closes for the samsung infuse.
leneight ratingone im sure it is a great game though.
leneleven ratingone was charged for an in app purchase and never received it.
leneleven ratingone contacted the developer twice and have not gotten a response yet.
lenfifteen ratingone i will change my rating and review if this issue it's taking care of.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 1&2.
leneight ratingone opens to the imangi page then shuts down
lenseventeen ratingfive its better than temple run 1 &  its animation is too good .very nice game i had ever played.
lentwo ratingfive greatt gameee
lenseven ratingfour lags abit but still loads of fun
lenfourteen ratingone love the game, but lagging and glitching makes it impossible to achieve high scores
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour there should be temple run seasons.
lenfourteen ratingthree use to run very smooth but as of late it has gotten very jerky.
lenfive ratingthree fix jerky problem get 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run.
lenfive ratingfive very exciting twist and turns.
leneight ratingfive love it so fun you should get it.
lenten ratingone this app wont even open, until imangi studios fixes problem.
lenfiftytwo ratingone wouldn't even give it a whole star but not allowed to do 0 stars app and imangi studios sucks if u can't even make app that works for all phones and tablets imangi is the only one that sucks enough to not be able to make a game for all devices
lentwentytwo ratingthree ive made several purchases of 5000 coins all went through fine and got my coins, i went to buy the 150000 pack and nothing!
lenthirtysix ratingthree waited a day and still nothing, i made an extra 2 purchases of 5000 coins to see if it would speed the 150000 coins up, 5 days later nothing! :( i want to give 5 stars but because of that im not.
lenfour ratingfour its a great game
lenthirty ratingfive wow this game in android so much better than temple run 1 because it's smoothe r gameplay and faster loading.but i still prefer play this game on ios devices.
lenfour ratingfive temple run is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive works great on my galaxy s2.
lenfourteen ratingfive bicolanoako.cool game much better than usual.the best cguro kung hd pa ini.
lennine ratingfive it does not load well on lge-400 please fix
leneight ratingfive it's so fun and it's addicting
lennineteen ratingone this is the worst game i've ever downloaded it not worht the three second it took to download
lentwo ratingfive hell yeah
lentwentytwo ratingfour i'm enjoying this new version of temple run and finding it a  good way to kill some time on the bus.
lenfourteen ratingfour one or two minor glitches stop it being 5 stars but i still recommend it.
lenfive ratingfive more easy than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive slight delay at times but seriously better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive seriously addictive
leneight ratingfive it's a fun game and new stuff
lentwenty ratingfive this game is awesome,great graphics,doesn't give me any problems mus download,way better than the first one
lensix ratingfour is good but need more things
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game .
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time .
lentwelve ratingfour apparently, the game does not run on a samsung galaxy s yp-g1.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is a great game, but it can't support this particular device.
lensixteen ratingfour temple run 2 runs great on my other devices, though and it's a lot of fun.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the new features make the game less repetitive and the graphics look a lot more pleasing to the eye compared to the first game.
lenthree ratingfive verry addicting game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfive its a little glitchy but the more you play the more responsive it gets
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo once i heard the new temple run,x i got so exciting and i'm using my htc and when i bought the app, after that it started to freezr, can u fix this problem for me
lenthree ratingfour evo 3d, pretty fun.
lenfourteen ratingfour just wish there was a check point so u can start at different places
lennine ratingfive its better than the 1st and the 1st was a hit!
lennine ratingfive this game is awesome my record.9.25 million(without cheating)
lentwentysix ratingfive i really enjoy this game its pretty good it would be better if you can fix the lags after 3 million then i would rate it 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfive you keep trying to beat your high score and time flies by.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for fixing it, guys.
lenfour ratingfive awesome finally works now
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is finally downloaded on my android
lensix ratingfive the graphics are much more better!
lensixteen ratingone it keeps going to the start up screen then exiting out of it befor it starts
lentwentysix ratingthree i have more than 500,000 life time coins but the objective is still not completed and the progress bar for other two current objectives are also stuck.
lennine ratingthree i can't upgrade my score multiplyer like this.
lenfive ratingfive it got me screaming lol
lenfive ratingfive love it on the galaxy s2
lentwelve ratingfive the concept of this game is simple yet it as lasting appeal.
lenthirteen ratingfive every run has a different layout so there is no memorizing of levels.
lenseventeen ratingfive the difficulty level is just right so you won't be discouraged to try again and again.
lenfour ratingfive a solid arcade game.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive have a lot of fun
lenseven ratingfive and the background change is a plus
lennineteen ratingone temple run one works fine on my device but, temple run two will not get past the loading screen.
lentwentythree ratingone i love the first one and really wanted this one so i  emailed them for help but, still have not got a response.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive ok this game is just completly awesome!
lenfour ratingfive oh my god! :d
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingone pls fix this problem immediately.
lensix ratingfive such a great game lol omg
lennine ratingfive so much better than temple run 1 and better abilities.
lenten ratingfour its bit hard than the old version but its better .
lenfour ratingfive awesome mind blowing game
lenfifteen ratingthree lol just got my new phone  so  i'm just  gonna download this app :d
lentwelve ratingfive one of the greatest games i've played on the android network.
lensixteen ratingfour i think this app passes time verry quick and its better graphics and much more challenging 0.0 .
lensix ratingfive 700k score, 8k distance in one run.whew!
lenfour ratingfive ready too play it.
lenthree ratingfive it want load
lensixteen ratingone this stupid game won't work for me but on my daughters tab lent it works!
lenfour ratingfive fabulous game, thank you!
leneleven ratingfive oh my gosh this is super fun i give it a 5!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneleven ratingone can't play on samsung inspire i997 4g  try to fix it please
lentwentyfour ratingfive sometimes powerups dnt work gems collected somtimes do not get counted.sometimes the slide function dsnt work.othr thn tht every thing is fine
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive amazing game.can't stop playing :)
leneight ratingfive it is sooo much better than the first
lennine ratingfive i like it, though it sometimes lags a bit.
leneight ratingfive this is like being in a roller coster
lenfourteen ratingfive im not the type of person that likes games but this is so addicting.
leneight ratingfive i love playing it the best awesome game :-)
leneight ratingfive just as fun as the first temple run.
leneight ratingone you should make this work with samsung infuse!
leneleven ratingone even after the update for old phones mine still doesnt work!
lentwelve ratingthree add new characters and objectives because i am getting bored of this !
leneleven ratingfive one of the best gaming apps of the year so far
lenseven ratingfive best game to play on the toilet.
leneleven ratingfive it has me swinging my hand around and peeing every where
lenthree ratingfive oh yeah awesome:)
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than the first .
lensix ratingfive still plays like #1 but looks better.
lensix ratingfive and i like the mission system.
lentwentyeight ratingfour hello.i am gamerater,i will be playing and rating games on how good they are.when i say rate i mean like tell how good it is.
lensixtyfive ratingfour ok.now for temple run 2.its a good game indeed.there is only 1 glitch that u will have to reinstall this game.the game is a really good runner type.you can collect coins faster,you have objectives you can do.their is absolutely no lag in this game.but for some phones the game may be slow to pop up or may not work.
lensix ratingfour my rate on this game is 8/10
lenten ratingfive one of the better games to play on a phone.
leneighteen ratingfive as long as you don't mind your character running all the time you will love this game.
lenten ratingfour same as the first but with a few added features.
lenfour ratingfive better than ever lol
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingone when i click on it open but crashes after waiting for it to load.
leneleven ratingone going to remove hopefully can work so i can reinstall it.
lenthree ratingfive really great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive most high graphic and addictive game i have.would highly recommend this to everyone
lensix ratingfive so awesome i love temple run
lenseventeen ratingfive way better that than temple run 1, but sometimes has bugs because i randomly flew off the cliff:)
lentwentyseven ratingone love the game but made an in app purchase and never received my gems lost $20 i guess that's how they keep it free steal from you
lensix ratingfive awesome game and runs well on s3
lenfive ratingfive love this game it rocks!
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love this game on my tablet but my phone all it does is load then go back to my home screen huwei impulse 4g
lenseven ratingthree my virus scanner picked up a "melware"
lensixteen ratingthree virus and wants me to uninstall but ive gotten very very with a 5 million high score.
lenten ratingfour 2 days ago i made the $20 purchase of the 400,000 coin pack.
lennineteen ratingfour the payment was authorized from my personal banking account, but i have not received my 400,000 coin pack.please help
lennine ratingfive yay temple run 2 is now available for android phones.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive i loce timple run 2 its the most funist game
lennine ratingfive i very love temple run because it so streem
lenfour ratingfour this game is fye!
lenfive ratingfour (: follow me on instagram @_chaneladoree
lenseven ratingfive runs great, even on my aging droidx!
lentwo ratingfive excelent game!
lenthirteen ratingone when i open it the companys name stays on for a long time.
leneight ratingone n then im back to my home screen.
lennine ratingone ive tried everything pls fix for my motorola defy.
lenfive ratingfive big improvement from its predecessor
lentwo ratingfive soooooo fuuuuuun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive 5 stars all day!
lenthree ratingthree lags a lot.
lensix ratingthree a lot of bugs to fix
lenfour ratingfour addicting and fun game.
lentwelve ratingfour like the first temple run better but this one is good too.
lenten ratingfour its a good app, kind of hard to control guy
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingfour increase multiplier power up don't work as expected.
lentwelve ratingfour it says it will increase multiplier by 2,3 so on for every level.
lensixteen ratingone i guess ill wait another month+ till its able to let me freakin play the game.
lenthree ratingfour it freeze sumtyms
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game! :)
lenseventeen ratingfour there are some things i do wish were different, but it works well on my htc evo 3d.
lenseven ratingtwo after about 30 seconds it falls into nothingness.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingone unable to play in my sony xperia tipo
lenfive ratingone never responds when i swipe
lennineteen ratingone there's still such a lag with my nexus s that i can't even make the first turn.
lenfourteen ratingone i love the game but i can't progress in it; i'm disappointed.
lentwentyfour ratingfive this app is really fun to play it was hard the first time i tried but now im good at it .!go temple run 2! ?<3
lentwo ratingfive hell yeah
lenfourteen ratingone im constantly losing the coins ive just earned without even spending, not impressed.uninstall
leneight ratingfour its a great game i totally recommend it
lenfifteen ratingfive :) this is the best game i'm starting to like it 2% more than subway surfers.
lenseventeen ratingfive if you do not like this app my  recommendation is to get subway surfers it is amazing!
leneight ratingfive excellent this is very nice game iam enjoying
lentwentyone ratingthree coin magnet or any other power up does not work twice a duration as it used to work in temple run 1 :(
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive look above i was not paying att.
lenseven ratingone the game wont start please fix this
lentwentynine ratingfour this game is the best out of all of the games.but the only thing i dont like is it freezrs but other then that its the best game!:)
lensixteen ratingfive it just shows the creepy green glowing thing and then sends me to my home page!
lentwenty ratingfive also i've installed and uninstalled many times to try to make it work & i'm so annoyed with it.
lennine ratingfive i dunno if its my phone or the app.
leneleven ratingfive i'm giving it a 5 anyway because it looks like fun.
lenthirteen ratingfour i'm on level 8 now.game gets too boring and repetitive after level 6!
lennineteen ratingfive better & more challenging than the first but after a few tries i'm already making millions like a pro
leneleven ratingfive its very cool and fun its better than temple run brave
lenthree ratingfive isn't borin
lenseven ratingfour really interesting, addicting, fun and awesome game.
lenfour ratingfour like the new effects.
lentwo ratingfour gd job
lennineteen ratingthree i purchased a set of gold and it still hasn't shown up in my game, several days later.
lenfourteen ratingthree fun game otherwise, but i don't trust the in-app purchasing completely yet.
lenfive ratingthree sensitivity could be tweaked too.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfour this game is so.cool
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingthree it allways black out my game but other than that its good.
lensix ratingfive best game to while time away.
lensix ratingfive this game is amazing, download asap!
lenfour ratingfive nice perfomance and graphics
lenseven ratingone it wouldn't start up for me .
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenthirteen ratingfive such a good game, didnt think it could be improved but it has!
lennine ratingfive i'm really glad they made a 2nd temple run,
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingtwo this only worked the very first time i played it after that it automatically force closed
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lensix ratingfive it a mad game to play
lenthree ratingfive amazingly fun game
lenfourteen ratingone it goes to my app selections before i could even go to game menu!
lenfourteen ratingone please fix, the game pics look very sick and i cant wait to play!
lentwelve ratingthree not as good as the first weird graphics, and the controls suck
leneighteen ratingthree once u get a certain amount of money u lose it but it still better then the first 1
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenseven ratingfive but it needs better sentivity to tilting.!
lenthree ratingfour lmao harder lol
lenfive ratingfive ong 100 my granddaughter loves it
lenfive ratingfive fast and fun, totally cool.
lennine ratingthree its a good game no but does have issues
leneleven ratingthree if only you can be in face book and compet scores
lenfour ratingfour addicting to the fullest!
lenthree ratingfive really super game
lentwo ratingfour superb game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive this is first game that i've got addicted to.  :-)
lenseven ratingfive great game, better graphics, and more realistic.
lenfifteen ratingfive just fix the little glicthes here and there and temple run 2 will be truly  perfect.
lenfifteen ratingthree want the tracks to be straight so it will not mess with the camera angle.
leneleven ratingthree should be easier to turn like in the first temple run
lensix ratingfive no glitches after update, great game
lenseven ratingone there're sound although i closed it!
lentwo ratingfive wonderful graphics
lenthree ratingfour c tres bien
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirtyone ratingfive i love this game and when i go to quaility i love how it looks and i like the minecarts and ziplines the best i hope imangi studios make temple run 3!
lenthree ratingfive awsm.lv it
lentwo ratingfive super hit
leneighteen ratingfive it want let me download, it will load all the way to 100 and then start back over at 1
lennine ratingfive i think this one is better then temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive graphics are sooo coooooooool!
lenfour ratingfive just download the game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfour i give it 4 stars because my objectives are not moving ahead.
lenseventeen ratingfour it's stuck at 8th level where it says 10,000,000 life time meters 1,000,000 life time coins & 500,000 life time coins.
lenthirteen ratingfive i hate games that try to sucker u in just to spend money.
lensix ratingfive i play tr2 on break at work.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennineteen ratingfive the screen n0t fit to my lg optimus l3 e400, please fix it im really jeal0us to my friend using cherry m0bile flare. :c
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on my phone.!
lenfour ratingone continues to force close.!
lenten ratingfive just like temple run but with some twists but better
lenten ratingfive this is the first time i've ever reviewed app.
lenfive ratingfive more challenging than the first
lentwo ratingfour great game.
leneighteen ratingfour i just hope that the gems can be get easier as there are no gems in all levels
lenfour ratingfive amazing game for mobile!
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirteen ratingfive pretty fun and enjoyable game ,especially if you need to pass some time
lentwelve ratingone terrible lag even when the visual quality is all the way down.
lentwentyone ratingfour it great but sometimes when i jump he slides out of screen plese fix if fixed i will give it 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive great, awesome!
lentwo ratingfive cool game:-))))))
lenfive ratingfive nice but not like temple run1
lenfour ratingfive temple runnnnn blyrggggh uhhhrrgggh
lenfive ratingone it won't even load!
lentwentytwo ratingfour very nice game and better than temple run 1 but the only problem it has is that it consumes a.lot of battery.
lenthree ratingfour needs more content.
lenthree ratingthree good, fun game
lenfive ratingfive better than temple run one
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthree ratingthree oh my god.
lenseven ratingthree my phones.antivirus classifies this as malware.
lenthree ratingthree samsung galaxy s2 here
leneight ratingthree i stocked up with the 500k lifetime coins quest.
lentwelve ratingthree i already got more than 500k but it is not being finished yet.
leneighteen ratingthree and powerups must be refresh if an another same powerup was picked in order to increase its duration.
lenfour ratingthree just like in templerun 1.
leneight ratingthree pls fix it and i will give 5 stars.
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is addictive.just when you think you can't get enough of the first one they bring alone this version.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenten ratingone good enough i actually spent money on a gem pack.
lentwelve ratingone it never arrived and they've ignored multiple emails on the issue.
lennine ratingone play the game, do not give them any money.
lentwo ratingfive jst awsm.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i would have hive 5 star if we have highscore option there,i want to show my score to friends but i can't do soo
lennine ratingfive i like the nervousness and the thriller in it.
lenseven ratingfive adding more opsticals was an excellent call.
lenseven ratingfive love the details and the new map.
lenseven ratingfive imagini have totally impressed me even more!
lentwentythree ratingfive i think you guys did a great job and you guys should do a special if you decide to make another temple run.
lenseven ratingfive you guys should put optional maps avalible.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive it better than subway surf and temple tun 1
lenseven ratingfive i am in love with this game!
lenseven ratingone whats the point of making temple run 2?
leneight ratingfive more characters, more power ups better game play
lentwo ratingfive sooo addictive
lenfour ratingfive gila, keren bgt, amazing
lenseven ratingfive im so in love with this game.
leneight ratingfive this is better then the first one like 4real.
lenseven ratingfive you will never stop playing it.lol
lenthree ratingfive my favorite game!
lensix ratingfive i haven't played just downloading
lensix ratingfour i use both android and ios.
leneight ratingfour i would highly appreciate a sync through devices.
lennine ratingfour a more refined and intresting game for game lover .
lensixteen ratingfive this game is so cool but it take like 50second to load can u fix that plz
leneight ratingfive very good one better than the previous one
lenseven ratingfive superb game kill the time 4 good wkwkwkkkk
lennine ratingfive this app has no problems i absolutely love it!
lenfortyone ratingone ok ive played this game before on an i phone but what the hell guys i heve a samsung and i feel left out that i cant play many games because ithas to be a certain phone not fair :-c x-(
lenfive ratingfour this is a great game.
lensixteen ratingfour but when i play it, or even open it, sometimes part of the screen becomes black.
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much!:)
lenten ratingfive graphics is more better than temple run and so smooth
lenseventeen ratingfive what a fantastic game temple run just hanging on my htc one v but this works fantastic
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lensix ratingfive its really nice i loved game
lenfour ratingfour nice gamr.simply lovevit
lennine ratingfive very entertaining and a perfect way to kill time
lentwenty ratingfive one and two is cool thanks to my teacher for telling me about temple run and finding temple run two
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever plyed
lenfive ratingfive this is the great game.
lenfourteen ratingfour doesn't feel as responsive as the first one, but besides that nice sequel
lenfive ratingfive best casual game till date.
lensix ratingfive great time pass and cool updates
lenten ratingfour it's super fun and i can't stop playing
lenseventeen ratingone i un-installed twice and it won't open.it kicks me out.please fix.motorolla expert.
lensixteen ratingfour i would reccomend it for people who like these kind of games to me its ok
lenten ratingfive this is the best sequel to the original game imaginable.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirtyseven ratingfive when i get on a rope with a speed boost it goes slow and then when i get off the rope it goes extremely fast and it kills me still a great game my record is 16 million
lensix ratingfive this isma very interesting game it
lensix ratingtwo the app won't turn on
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lenten ratingthree definitive better scenarios but where do all my coins go?
lentwentyone ratingthree every time i go beyond 25k coins they despair from the count how am i going to update if my coins despair?
lenthirteen ratingfive fun game that's easy to learn and has lots of replay value
lensix ratingfour amazing games but too many bugs.
leneight ratingfour i collected 1,000,000 but the objective is still displayed.
lenfour ratingfour suppose i collect 1 magnet.
lenseven ratingfour around this time i collect another magnet.
lenseventeen ratingfour the magnet power should be extended, instead the power is over around the time of first magnet.
lennineteen ratingfour if i jump from a place where only half of the road is present it flies to unknown directions.
lentwentysix ratingfour if i have too powers magnet and shield and i jump and i jump the circle representing the magnet shifts beneath the waist of the runner
lenseventeen ratingfour only problem is the stupid lagging sometime but other than that its great very addictive and fun
lennine ratingfour good but it takes forever to install and download
lenthree ratingfive love this app!
lenfive ratingfour could download faster more game
lennine ratingfive only if your cell doesn't hang in between.
lenfour ratingfive it's totally amazing!
lenfifteen ratingfive best for those days at sjdc when the auto teachers go on way too long.
lenseven ratingfive thanx for helpin me pass the time.
lenfour ratingfive tons of compliments too.
lenthree ratingtwo gliches a lot
lensix ratingfive it's really great and amazing
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is the best game iv had on my phone in a long time
lenthree ratingfour gr8 game n graphics
leneleven ratingfive i give this game 5 stars.such a great game to play.
lenten ratingfive its quiet awesome nd it is better dan temple run
lenthree ratingfive full concerntrate game
lenfive ratingthree thanks for free good app
leneight ratingfive simply one of the best mobile games available
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is more fast and looks more beautiful than the original temple run.
lenfour ratingfive 5 stars frm my side
lenfour ratingfive very very great, game!
lentwo ratingfive awesomest game!
lentwentysix ratingfive u dident fix the bug when u fall through the floor when there's no gap or when u jump over a gap near a corner.
lenthirteen ratingfive every sincee the update it loads now but lags every now and then
lentwo ratingfour great graphics
lensixteen ratingfive i give it a 5 stars once you play you cant stop.love this game is addictive!
lenfive ratingfive new paths, goals and challenges.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensixteen ratingfive (in a good way) i suggest this to anyone who wants ti spend time having fun.
lenfive ratingfive better than the awesome first
lenthree ratingfive idedo bagunde cheli
leneight ratingfive a must have app on all mobile devices
lennine ratingfive non stop awsomeness will never get tired of it
lensix ratingone payed for 50k coins 3.15 gbp never received.
lenthree ratingfive excellent game yar
lentwo ratingfive sooooo addicting
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingone wish i could give 0 stars.
leneleven ratingone terrible do not download unless you want your phone to lag 24/7.
leneight ratingone it doesn't read any of my swipes.
leneleven ratingone it's constantly lagging in-game and outside of the game.
lenfive ratingone just completely crashes my phone
lentwo ratingfive awsme game
lenseven ratingthree i cant save my game at all .
lenfive ratingthree makes me restart from scratch .
lenfour ratingthree everything else is great .
lenfive ratingfive i absolutly love this game!
leneight ratingfive it has way better graphics then the first!
lentwo ratingfive total win
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love this game however, i find it extremely difficult to earn coins to purchase stuff and let alone keep the coins i have.
lenfive ratingfive nonetheless i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive lots of fun, very addictive.
leneight ratingfive plus it's free and features unlockable's
lentwentyseven ratingone temple run 2 keeps force closing on my samsung galaxy s. i would really like to play it since the original temple run was such an awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfour can't stop playing
lenfour ratingfive love playing this game.
lennineteen ratingfour this is a very fun game but i had to uninstall because of the lag, freezing, and force closing.
lenthirteen ratingone i cant played it after download wa successful,my.storage is still good.
leneleven ratingfive the new energy meter and use of power ups is cool
lennine ratingfive love this game.my kids got me additive to.
lenthree ratingfive nice and improved
lenfive ratingfour it's still uber fun!
lenseven ratingone does not open on my lg optimus 3d p920.
lenfive ratingone installed and uninstalled many times.
lensix ratingfive its very fun then temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive me ana sharma .
lenthree ratingfive loving this game
lentwelve ratingfive if you thought temple run was addictive, just try this part two.
lenfour ratingfive equally or more addictive
lenten ratingfour one of the best games to play on your phone
leneight ratingfive best played game on mobile in this genre.
lensix ratingfive recommend to have on your mobile.
lenfifteen ratingfour tilt control is a little stiff, but other than that it's a great game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive cool, nice graphics
lennine ratingfive its awesome nd it never fails on my tablet.
lennine ratingfive i loved temple run nd now i love this on3.
lenfive ratingfive p.s its pretty awesome.
lenfifteen ratingfive good job ! , but i have 500,000 life time coins and i haven't gotten the objective.
lensix ratingfive good but i want it faster
lenfive ratingfive love dis game :-) admirable work  @-}--
lenfour ratingfive awesome love this game
lenthree ratingfive addictive as hell!
lentwo ratingfive verry nice
lenfour ratingfive i likd the game
lenten ratingfive i love the graphics and the new tasks every time
lentwo ratingfive awesone game
lensix ratingthree nice graphics & upgrades on the game.
leneight ratingthree i don't care for the "rescue me"
leneight ratingthree my biggest issue is my coins keep disappearing!
lennine ratingthree i earn coins but then they aren't there!
lennine ratingthree when i try to upgrade or get new players.
lenfive ratingthree i have the motorola razr
lenseventeen ratingone once i make it to 2000 coins the coins disapear and i have to start all over again.
leneighteen ratingfive so much better than the first.awesome graphics.good objectives.highly recommended.easy to play and easily addictive
lenten ratingfive so extremely awesome then temple run ahahahha wicked game bro
lenfour ratingfive this game so addictive
lenfifteen ratingfive like   its awsome i luv the railroad track even thow i keep losing dat part
lenfortytwo ratingthree i really like what they did with the game the only major problem i have is that it causes my phone to lag extremely bad and it does the same to my friends phones i'm not sure why but it sucks.
lenseven ratingthree fix that and five stars for sure!
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfour nice upgrade.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game of the year!
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome doesn't disconnect or anything plus it's awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive just keeps getting better!
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome, simple, casual, and rewarding to play.
lentwenty ratingfive it is easy to learn, but hard to master which is what i think is what makes any game good.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game, great graphics and so smooth!
lenseven ratingfive awesome graphics, runs smooth on my galaxy s2.
lenthree ratingfive scored 30 million, yeah !
lenfour ratingfive last 2 objectives are tough. :(
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingthree much better graphics than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingthree more fun!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive vry addictive n interesting.!
lenseven ratingfive love it, just the tilt is gimpy.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lennine ratingfive this game is really mindblowing, it never freezes up.
lenfive ratingfive i play temple run 1 & 2 frequently.
lensix ratingfive i bet you will love it!
lentwo ratingfive nyc game!
lenthree ratingfive reallly njoyd it!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentytwo ratingthree fun game but tasks are getting stupid 5 gems in one run be lucky to get one in 10, 000 meters and it gets boring
lenseven ratingfive super game like this 1 and 2 tample run
lenseventyfive ratingfour i really thought this wasn't going to be for me bit then i find it totally great.really nice how each have can be so short so it's like a mini timekiller.only not 5 star because i find it's too easy to spend coins by accidentally clicking (well ok it happened  once) also sometimes it glitches and kills me but rarely.the main issue i have is with the tilting for strafing.
lentwentyfive ratingfour doesn't always register properly.wouldn't mind seeing some rainbows in the sky one in a while or something but really good reflex practice
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfour played on my wifes iphone 5 realy smooth gaming.
lensix ratingfour on android seems a bit choppy.
lenten ratingthree not as addicting as the first, but still quite fun.
leneighteen ratingfive i wasn't really a fan of temple run as whole but after playing  tr2 am addicted to it .:)
lennineteen ratingfour its a very nice game intill it starts freezing and lagging but thats minor .overall this game is bomb
lennine ratingfive they took perfectly fine game and made it better. .
leneight ratingfive the best running game i have ever played. .
lentwelve ratingfive that breaks all other temple run version,, what a game, graphics, cool!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lensix ratingfour is way better than tempe run 1.
lennine ratingfour it's a bit laggy tho on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive world's best stress-buster
lenthree ratingfive cant go wrong
lenfifteen ratingfive good job better then 1 add more obstecal n launch temple run 3 with ancient city background
lensix ratingfive super a game everyone must have
lenfive ratingfive great game hours of fun.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensix ratingfive its super exciting and stress relieving :)
lensixtyone ratingfour excellent and addictive.runs smoothly on my samsung galaxy s.gr8 game but with a slight fault-even after completing the midas touch objective,it doesn't show that the objective is complete.i've collected 1007145coins which is 7k more than the required figure but still the multiplier hasn't increased n neither the level.pls fix this asap.otherwise 5 stars hands down.
leneleven ratingone have 800000, still it says to complete 500000 coins, even after new update.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive the fun gaming
leneleven ratingfive can u tell me who has made this app.luv it  :-):-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3  <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
lenten ratingfive its an extaordinary chasing game.i like it very much
lenfour ratingfive a good time buster
lensix ratingfive very good game to kill time.
lentwenty ratingfive game is excellent but all my objectives reset on their own after few days and i start from tutorial again.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have played this game on my nexus 7 and its great game its has better graphics than temple run i love this
lenfive ratingfive fantastic game.i love it.
lensix ratingfive this game is good.but suck
lensixteen ratingfour for some reason there seems to be battery drain even if the app isn't launched.
lenfive ratingfour apart from that, great game!
lenthirteen ratingfive great game,  bunch better than the first, and the added features are amazing
lenfive ratingfive challenging with great replay value
lentwelve ratingfive it does really well on my s3.no lags at all.love it
lennine ratingone this  game is having issues opening and closes randomly.
lenten ratingone i love the game but it is currently having problems
lentwentyeight ratingfour its just awesome got me hooked, however double coin should be part of the game and also the colour of the coin gets mixed up with the  background.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great!
lenfourteen ratingfive i appreciate the new twists/turns/ropes/upgrades :d so many hours to waste!
lensix ratingfive best game ever in samsung galaxy s3
lentwo ratingfour originally rated 3.
lenthree ratingfour played a bit.
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfour but objectives are retarded.
lensix ratingfour go from collecting 100000 to 500000 in gold.
lenfour ratingfour a little carried away
lenfive ratingfive i love this game ali
lensix ratingfive finally it came out for android (:
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lensix ratingfive all ready for temple run three
lenfour ratingfive love the new game.
lenfour ratingfive excellent ideas, great design.
lentwo ratingfive totally satisfied.
lenfive ratingfive great for passing the time
lenfourteen ratingfour i loved playing the first temple run and decided to give this a try.
lentwenty ratingfour once used to the new features, it's very much like the old one with new options and better graphics.
lenfour ratingfour all around great game.
leneleven ratingfive love it and it is more fun then the original one
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lennineteen ratingfive i played all day long and i realized i wasnt able to get a text message while playing it.
leneighteen ratingone i paused the game and after some time instead of restoring to same state it is showing -2 jems
lenfive ratingone i have an android "thriller" .
lenten ratingone but anyways pretty mad i cannot play it but whatever
lenfourteen ratingthree freezes sometimes but other than that i love it more then first temple run
lentwo ratingfive super cool
lenfifteen ratingfive imanji studios you guys have done it again.my hats off to you.awesome game
leneight ratingfive it sometimes lags when it starts going fast.
lenfifteen ratingfive i have it on the lowest graphical settings so it will lag the least ammount.
lentwelve ratingfive other wise besides that its an awesome game and i love it.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is fun but it dont give me all my coin!
lensix ratingone crash closes n gets struck always.
lenfifteen ratingone what is the use in developing a great game that could not be played smooth
lennine ratingfive best game i had played in my phone yet
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
leneight ratingfour good but still can't identify coming map
lensix ratingone mine will not load for anything.
lentwo ratingone super slow.
lennine ratingfive i love this game!(: i hope it down loads;)
lenseventeen ratingfour i have collected over 500,000 points but the game does not credit me with that as an objective.
lenfour ratingfive impressive development by imangi.
leneight ratingfive the game is more interesting, fascinating, and challenging.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 3 much awaited.
lenfour ratingthree bug at 500.000 lifetime coins
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingone please fix it all samsung galaxy tab 1 7.0 experience this kind of problem.so i'll rate a you a 5*
lenfourteen ratingfive it will probably keep me entertained 20+ hours, while the original got stale after about 10.
lentwelve ratingfive they tweaked the game play and made getting the achievements more fun.
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenthree ratingfour hrs of fun
lentwentysix ratingfive i love this game so much it is very simple and great graphics it has more 3d sculpture you have to act fast or else you die!
lennineteen ratingthree this game is okay.but not as good as people made it out to be.not what i expected.
lenfive ratingfive awesome version keep on upgrade.!
leneight ratingone it has start up problems on my android
lenfifteen ratingone must improve the sensitivity some times even we are tilting it is not getting effected.
lentwentytwo ratingone i bought the coin doubler and it isn't working, either a complete waste of money or you need to fix this.
lentwelve ratingone otherwise it's as good as temple run 1 and does deserve a 5 .
lenseven ratingfive it's free with no ads whatsoever.
lentwentyfour ratingfive beyond that, you can set the graphics level to look crisp and hi-def or to have less impact on performance (for older devices).
lennine ratingfive the highest quality graphics runs very well on my gs3.
lentwentyfour ratingfive as for the game play, it takes a mere moment to get the hang of it, and it's hard to put it down.
lentwentysix ratingfive to top it off, you *can* buy coins/jewels if you want to (support the makers), but they did not make it necessary to do so.
lenthree ratingfive thank you devs!
lenthirteen ratingfive very addicting the time i downloaded it i never i stop playing it.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game is very addicting .
lenseven ratingfive nice graphics i like the new version
lenthree ratingfive play this game
lenthirteen ratingfour the first one bored me, this one is a refreshing change of scenery.
lenthree ratingfive best game everrr
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game
leneleven ratingfive thanks to google for develop this amazing game m loving it
lentwelve ratingfive nice gamewhy r some of yall folls don't like this game.
lensix ratingfive perfect sequel to a perfect game.
lenfive ratingfive nd love the new challenges.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseven ratingfive you can reach it if you like
lenfourteen ratingfive great game but the thing is save me option not works after few times
lenfourteen ratingfive some people said that too hard but i think it's a good challenge.
lenthree ratingfive luv this game
leneighteen ratingfour i love them game but the higher ranking i've gotten the more it glitches all the time.
lenten ratingfour i lose because of it and die way too frequently.
lenfour ratingfive who s temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive this game was amazing fast not glichy.
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics are just like real.that's why i have scored 16 million already.
lenseven ratingone the application keeps on crashing on startup.
lenfive ratingfive dudes this game is fab
lentwo ratingfive besr game
lentwenty ratingfive i love the graphics and the passages in this game,  very good creativity with the railroad and the rolling spikes.
lenthree ratingfive more than jumping.
lensix ratingfive i could swing, ride and more~!
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is super amazing than temple run.
leneight ratingfive this is a really fun game to play.
lensix ratingfive very nice adventerous cool try it
leneight ratingfive nice game.wuhuuu still the best game ever.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game .loved it
lenseventeen ratingfour haven't played it much, but lil time i did, it was good, graphics, sound, mobility great.
leneighteen ratingfive working prfctly on my galaxy chat.have played more then 100 tyms no issue till now.gud work developers.
lennine ratingone why this can't run by samsung galaxy tab 1?
lensix ratingone i want to play this game!
lennine ratingone do something now,and ill give you 10 stars, thanks
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful app
lensix ratingfive so cool loved it so addicted
lensix ratingthree after reaching level 9, it became tiresome.
lennine ratingthree if only there was more variety like in pitfall.
lentwentyfive ratingfive awesome resolution and environment, love it, but the tilt needs to be more sensitive and the broken bridges you fall off of way to easily
lenfive ratingthree but ol one is betr.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenseven ratingfive its a nice way to pass time.
lenseven ratingfive i have no words for this game
lenten ratingfive love this gamee, its way better than the first one. <333
lensix ratingthree the objectives given is totally insane.
leneight ratingthree waste too much of time to complete it.
lenten ratingfive world best game i have ever played in my life
lenthree ratingfive great job imangi
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 is a good game, i luv it so much
lenfive ratingfive i like the new graphics
lentwelve ratingthree this new game is fairly entertaining and certainly nice to look at.
lenten ratingthree but it's generally over-complicated and difficult to play.
leneleven ratingthree i don't know why so much new stuff was added.
lensix ratingthree the original game is basically perfect.
lentwentyseven ratingthree i have both installed in my phone now and i still find myself playing the original more often because the new one is frustrating, distracting, and confusing.
lentwentyeight ratingthree maybe i'm just resistant to change, but as cool-looking as temple run 2 is, you'll never get me to play it over plain old temple run.
leneight ratingfour this is such a nice game to play.
lentwo ratingfive awsam improvements
lenfive ratingfive really nice n addictive game
lenfive ratingfive mint , cool game & good interface.
lenseven ratingfive download it, you won't regret it.
lenfive ratingfive just give us more characters!
leneight ratingfive amazing game with better graphics and better gameplay. .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive in love with this game all over again
lentwentyeight ratingthree i watched gameplay about this game and it's very good but when i downloaded it i can't play because of the screen resolution please fix it!
lentwo ratingfive downloaded ver 2.
lennineteen ratingfive dis game is far better than any other game nd even better than the first one.m luvin it
lenfourteen ratingfive strongly revommend it to all but please fix it coz cannot connect with facebook
lenten ratingfive very nice app!it awsome as well as temple run
lenfive ratingfive great game.can be addicted.
lensix ratingfive please give us more new version
lensix ratingfive its good and fun exciting game.!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingone it keeps forcing close on me i'm getting mad!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive superb game play
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive superb gaming experiance.
lenfour ratingfive great game.works great
lensix ratingone cant save the coins its rubbish
lenfour ratingfour i love the graphics
lenthree ratingfive cool game bro.
lenfive ratingfive its a vry awsme game.
leneight ratingfive n its a must one of download gme
lentwelve ratingthree inset an option to share scores throug fb or sum thin else.
lenfourteen ratingfive fun game nice graphics super cool i would give it 10 stars if i coming
lenfive ratingfour great game but little slow
leneighteen ratingfive good game bt i wish you could increase the sensitivity of the game then it would be better
lenthree ratingfive awesome and wonderful.
lenseven ratingfive love it to the core wow mayne
lenseven ratingfive this game never cease to amaze me.
lenthirteen ratingfive i am so addicted with this game and i cannot stop playing it!
lenfive ratingfive work nicely on my xperia.
lenfour ratingfive its flipin ausom bro
lenfour ratingfive great work by imangi.!
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is really good but the objective 1 million without powerups was not working.
lentwenty ratingfour i did not use any powerups and had only caught the icons which were above me when i was playing
lenfive ratingfive nice gaming with temple run
leneight ratingfive this is the best but it hangs sometimes
lentwentysix ratingfive simple superb,  especially the graphics and locations and adding to it the cart and some phenomenal features adds spice to it.which makes d players addicted.
lenseven ratingfive i really enjoyed this game a lot!
lentwelve ratingfive still practicing to get the highest score possible (i.e. million points).
lensixteen ratingfive best game ever amazing when u come to being in a box type thing on tracks
lenten ratingone i open the app & the logo shows then it closes.
lenfive ratingone does not work force close
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenten ratingfive probably one of the few addictive android games out there!
lenten ratingone it would download on my droid2 global but it wont play.
lensix ratingone i've downloaded and uninstalled twice.
lentwentyone ratingone i would love to play and give a better review but i can't. :/ pretty sure its a good game though :)
lenthree ratingthree keeps force closing
lenfourteen ratingfive been a while since i played tr but this is so much more awesome!
lentwentyfive ratingfive th ever changing environment makes it very tough to anticipate th next obstacle.hats off to the imangi team in creating th next big thing!
lenfortytwo ratingfive even thou i hav completed a objective,it doesn't show unless its listed in th current objectives list.like i had made a 5m+ score but bcoz th 5m club objective wasn't in th current objective list, it shows as not compltd!
lentwelve ratingfive havin said tht,it takes nthin away frm makin this a 5 star!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentythree ratingfour a little buggy, my character flies in random directions when he dies pretty often, and input is occasionally ignored, obviously making me die.
lenseven ratingfive verynice game its difficulty level is faboulous
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingfour i love itt
leneight ratingfive just what i was expecting for temple run 2.
lenthirteen ratingfive great game that uses the touchscreen and tilt of the samsung galaxy s3 well.
lenfour ratingfour game play is nice.
lenten ratingfour no glitches so far.but some challenges are really hard.
lenthirteen ratingfour can you add an option where you can exchange gold for an objective?
lenseven ratingfive love the game the graphics are amazing,
lenthree ratingfour addictive but nice
lensix ratingfive nice one to have and play
lenfourteen ratingfive it's better thsn temple run 1 and graphics are also good with new environments
lenfive ratingfour impressed with the overall game.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game i have fallen in love love love! :-*
lensix ratingfive graphically amazing, huge leap from original.
lennine ratingfour a perfect sequel to temple run 1 with good graphics.
lenfive ratingfive much addicting than temple run
lenfive ratingfive best game ever u wort
lenthree ratingfive its awesome xx
lenfour ratingfive nothing like temple run
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game
lentwo ratingfive brilliant sequel
lenfour ratingfive ms gorgeous it is
lenten ratingfive it's the most best game i have ever played.
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played
lenthree ratingfive awesome and fun
leneighteen ratingfive love the new obstacles, the ride on the rails, swinging etc. definitely an improvement from the first,instalment.
lenseventeen ratingfive this apps is the best but, after the update, whenever i slides sidewards it it slides down.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
lenfour ratingfour good 3d lyk gaming experience.
lentwelve ratingfour the game is great but few powers like shield is totally useless.
lentwentyfour ratingfour and reaching level 9 is a herculean task as one should play for weeks to get there and game becoming quite boring after repetitive tries.
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i've ever played
lenten ratingfive this game is so easy and fun and kinda hard
lentwelve ratingfive this game is one of the best games i have ever played.
lenseven ratingfive i just can't stop playing it!
leneight ratingfive now i can't wait for temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingfive just love this  game can't resist playing t!  so lighter and faster!
lenfour ratingfour nice and play easyly
lenfive ratingfive its really a adventurous game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive mad skillz
leneight ratingfour would be better if some prices were lower
lentwo ratingfive faboulas view
lentwentythree ratingthree it's a good game still a lot of glitches with leveling powerups and wether abilities point for powerups on the spartan quest.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addictive.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game!
lenfive ratingfour a very good time pass.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game with awesome graphics.
lenten ratingfive i hav reached upto level 6 n still wanna move beyond.
lenfour ratingfive cool i <3 this game
lentwelve ratingfour its amazing but temple run 1 is a bit better than temple run 2.
lentwentythree ratingfour on my phone sony xpreria tipo sometimes the game freezes or says that temple run 2 stopped working :/ if u could fix that amazing
lenfive ratingthree animal following is too big.
lensix ratingfive . just smooth and .its  extra fun.
lenfive ratingfive for me.at college time
lenfive ratingfive absolutely l?ve this game   5 ?
lenten ratingone galaxy s2 keeps freezing at the start, wont let me play
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenfive ratingfive tnx, i really enjoyed it!
leneleven ratingfive so much better than the first one, much more to do!:)
lenten ratingfive awesome game , better than the first edition of this game !
lenthree ratingfive top score , 80 million ! ;)
lenfive ratingfive great to pass the time.
lensixteen ratingthree fast and good but is pretty intense on the brain if you play for too long.
lentwelve ratingthree achievements are reasonable until you get to level 8 then they get stupid.
lenthree ratingthree 10 mil lifetime meters?
lenfour ratingfive so nice game &  enjoy
lenthree ratingfive graphics is great!
lenthree ratingfive gameplay is great!
lenten ratingfive im playin on my sensation xe and it works great!
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi!
lenfour ratingfive great game.not easy
lennine ratingfive its a bit confusing but a very nice game.
lennine ratingfive i just love this game my family too.b-)
lenfive ratingfive funnnnnn and excitinggg  when tired
lenfour ratingfive i love thise game
leneight ratingthree waste too much of time to complete it.
lenthirteen ratingfour its fun most definitely but nothing beats a classic like the first one!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
leneight ratingfive amazing game so much better tgen temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingone tr1 was so good but this one has more problems than i have fingers.
lentwelve ratingone i mean i was actually in pain when i constantly encountered problems!
lenfourteen ratingfive i like it a lot bery addicted and it is all fun great game
lenthirteen ratingfive ahh i love this game stay up way to late playing this game.
lensix ratingfive but its awesome and very entertaining
lenfourteen ratingthree its no bad but its really slow to download make it faster now x
lensix ratingthree .swiping is still an annoying burden.
lenten ratingthree why not just press down on areas of the screen?
lenfifteen ratingthree like buttons, but not like on-screen buttons (graphically), which would actually make it worse.
leneleven ratingthree also, the mine-cart thing is ripped off from rail rush.
lenseven ratingthree clearly they're afraid of its competition.
leneight ratingone it wont even let me download it poor
lensix ratingfive great upgrade from the firat game.
leneight ratingfour love the new version, very creative and fun,
lenseven ratingfive a great improvement to the first one.
lensix ratingfive hard to put down.great graphics
lensix ratingfive great fun!kids try it please
lennine ratingfive this is an amazing game you would love it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive superb addictive.!
lenten ratingfive a worthy sucessor to the first game, definately worth buying.
lenfour ratingfive and hey, its free!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a great app and it is much better than the first one.
lensixteen ratingfive it dosen't freeze, it will not ask you for facebook and there are no ads.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is excellent better than the first one its a must have game!
lenthirteen ratingfive i have completed 1,000,000 lifetime coins objective but still it is showing that objective.
lensix ratingone was so excited to play this.
lensix ratingfive its great fun i love it!
lenten ratingfour its a great game but it does lag a lot.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise very addictive
lentwo ratingfive faddo game
lenfive ratingfive cant stop playing it haha
lenfour ratingfive its a great game!
lenfifteen ratingthree game runs fine on my s3 but tilt does not work, does someone have a solution? ?
lenfour ratingfive i like that game
lenfive ratingfive so gud graphics.lovin it
lenten ratingthree bouhht emeralds and didnt get them  but it good game
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 37.7 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthirtyone ratingfive consecutive powers does not work and if we are using power ups and suddenly some new powers show up then that does not extent for double of time please fix it.
lenthree ratingfive sometimes gems show -1.
lentwentysix ratingfive saw a weird behavior the person sleeping and running bcos i slipped near the end and he was sleeping and running lolzzz it  was funny :p
lenthree ratingfive amazing and fun
lennine ratingone doese not wrk on ma ipod plz check problem
lennine ratingfive love love love this game, and so addictive. .:-d
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseventeen ratingfour the game is cool, but i hate it when you need to accomplish the same objective twice.
leneight ratingone doesn't run on samsung galaxy tab gt p1000.
lensix ratingone crashes as soon as it starts.
leneleven ratingone also the resolution doesnt seem to be accurate enough for my 7"
lenfour ratingfive this game is geat
lenten ratingfive 5 stars = great game = addictive = fun = thanks for this amazing game.! :-)
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lensix ratingfive is veary nice and cool game
lenfive ratingfive nice app i realy like
lenthirteen ratingfive better than #1 an so much more entertaining cant really put my phone down
lenfour ratingfive good game, must download.
lenseventeen ratingone the sensitivity is very poor and it gts very borimg as he aame thing happens every time !
lenthree ratingone edit this game!
lenfour ratingfive i  lovers       this      game
lennine ratingfour very addictive you play again and again to succeed
lenthirteen ratingthree after a week its touch screen turning left n ryt gets fckd upp .
lenthree ratingthree update it properly
lensixteen ratingfive i think you sould get it because it has so much more detail  than temple tun.
lentwentynine ratingfive its a grait  entertainment and if you get realy realy far then you get to go on a wagon and its  grait fun i think you sould get it .
lenthree ratingfive sophie franchesca holwill
lenfive ratingfive just addicted to this game, ,
lenfive ratingfive it's an awesome game.
lensixteen ratingfive but it was mentioned as a malware when i scan my phone with avg anti-virus.
lenfour ratingfive good graphics, fun games.
lenseven ratingfour plz make a windows version of this!
lenfifteen ratingfive i normallt dont like playing games on cell phone, but this game changed my mind.
lenseven ratingfive keep up the damm good work guys. :)
lenfortyone ratingfour this game is ok if you have never played it before but after a while you get bored this app is suitable for anyone if you are looking for something tricky and complex this isn't the app your looking for !
lenfour ratingfour (this app is average !)
lenfifteen ratingfive the game has thrills and jumps at every corner i love it keep it up
lenfive ratingfive great improvment in temple run.
leneleven ratingfive brilliant game but the tilting could be more sensitive (galaxy tab 2 7")
lenthree ratingone cant download it.
lennine ratingfour great game but very choppy and frezzes at times.
lenfive ratingfour makes it difficult to play.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome.
lensix ratingfive its fun and addicting grinding game
leneleven ratingfive i love it, hope yall come out with a temple run 3
lentwentysix ratingfive the game is much more interesting from its predecessor temple run, but there are few bugs in it like unexpected closing of game in long run.
lennine ratingtwo the graphic is too much for an hd fone.
lenten ratingfive this is the best game i've ever download!xd
lenfour ratingfive this is fuckin  awesome .
lentwelve ratingfive grt game.grtst scoring systm.nd evn grtst graphics.both thumbs up.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfour pls make this game to work on low end devices.
lennine ratingfive better than temple run keep up the good work
lentwo ratingfive gud game .
leneight ratingone doesn't load on my samsung galaxy tab 1
lenseventeen ratingfive wow what a game better than the first temple run and the monkeys are bigger it great.
lennine ratingtwo lost  my complete stats for no reasons why.frustrating.
leneight ratingfour love playing it.n dont hang at all
lenfour ratingfive i cannot stop playing.
leneleven ratingfive if you're in need of a game, get temple run.
lentwo ratingfive super app
lenseventeen ratingfour would rate 5 stars if you could compare score with friends like on ios version of the game.
lentwenty ratingfour maybe if you did it with facebook integration in order to compare between ios and android at the same time.
lentwentyone ratingfive keep up the good work and people who haven't played this game should give it try you'll love it.
lenfour ratingfive better than 1st by miles.
lenthree ratingfour nice to play.
leneight ratingfive best ever.top of the world.love it.
lensix ratingfive graphics r betta dan da frst 1 .
lenfour ratingfive a joy to playyy !
lenten ratingfive but da cam angle changing iz a lil bit disturbing.
lensix ratingfive this a great game for me
lensix ratingfive awesome game, really love this playing.
leneleven ratingtwo fabulous game.i loved the game.best game in the world
lentwo ratingfive awesum game
lenthirteen ratingfive love that i can increase or reduce the graphic resolution.temple run rules!
lenfifteen ratingone i cant open this apps :( pls help i want to play this on my phone
lenfive ratingfive very cool graphics.great game :))
lenfour ratingfive great fun highly recommend
leneleven ratingfive lots more to keep you engaged, with better and another graphics
lenfive ratingfive its really killing the time
lensixteen ratingfour this is a very good and addicting game but it crashed when pressing menu and play.
lenfive ratingfour hope this gets fixed soon.
lenfive ratingfour i love playing the game.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenthree ratingfive graphics are super
lenfourteen ratingfive still the best game on the market 1st was great but this one is excellent
lennine ratingone not working on my s2 stuck in tutorial mode kmt
lenthirteen ratingfour i already rated but this is just for the downloading.its soooooo slow!
lenthirteen ratingfive i have completed 1,000,000 lifetime coins objective but still it is showing that objective.
lenfourteen ratingfive great game i love it, a little lag here and there please fix it.
lenfifteen ratingfour _?the game is fun, its just when i get my coins up to 2.000 it disappears -_-
lentwo ratingfive pretty fun.
leneight ratingfive this game is very important for android phone
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive exellent game
lennine ratingfive even better than temple run 1 i love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive the game gets better and better.i hope temple run 3 would be more challenging.thumbs up to the maker.
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneleven ratingfive it is one of the best game on the play store
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneleven ratingfive kind of hard but it's challenging and i like it!
lentwo ratingfive totally hooked!
lensix ratingfive love love love very addictive lol
lennine ratingfour so much better then the first temple run app.!
lenfortyone ratingone my samsung galaxy keeps on hanging when i play temple run 2.i heard from other people it is fun and i really want it but my samsung galaxy keeps on hannging.next time update this game an make it bug proof.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome way bettr than temple run
lenfour ratingfour most awesome game ever!
lenseven ratingfive this is much better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive bad games
leneight ratingfive love passing the time by with this game
lenfive ratingone this is a popular game.
lenfifteen ratingone it should work on all phones, especially the galaxy s. just force closes on open.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenten ratingfour but i have sounds and music for it turned off.
lenseventeen ratingfour for some reason i still hear the footsteps and track sounds when in the mines or whatever.
lenseventeen ratingfour i shouldn't have to mute my whole phone, why not just have the same settings as tr1.
lenfifteen ratingfour same goes for changing the sensitivity, no idea why we can't change it anymore.
lennine ratingfour silly things like this make this 5star game a 4star one
lenfive ratingone cant running on my fone
lenseven ratingfive good game to play in spare time
lennine ratingfive a truly addictive game i'm enjoying a lot
lenfive ratingfour paravila ana knjam struck agudu
leneight ratingfive i love the excitement and thrills on it!
lenten ratingfive it makes people want to do it again and again!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run
lenfour ratingone i love this game.
lenfive ratingone concept, graphics, all really nice.
lentwentytwo ratingone my phone is the xperia sola, with that floating touch technology and all, and temple run (both 1 and 2) have serious responsiveness issues.
lennineteen ratingone please fix that, i hate to give this game a low rating because my phone is in the minority.
leneight ratingone otherwise i'm sure it will run fine.
lennine ratingfive wow,its so fun to play when ur bored
lenfifteen ratingfive this game works perfectly on my lg optimus g and it is really really addicting!
leneleven ratingfour every time i start the game, it starts in tutorial mode.
lentwentytwo ratingfour but when i go to change the settings, the back button doesn't work, the game freezes, and it doesn't save >:-(
lenthirteen ratingfive really nice & its fun to play dis game when u r feeling bored.
lenthree ratingfive full sar awsome
leneighteen ratingfour i am unable to cross 5k coins after every run.the count gets subtracted every time i am near 5k :(
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive i realy like it
lentwentysix ratingthree this is the 3rd time i have paid for gems and not received them.i emailed the created of the game and got no response from them.
lensix ratingthree the game is okay, not great
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it.
lenfour ratingone i cant download it.
leneight ratingone and my phone software is up to date
lenseven ratingfour so much better than, temple run one
lenfourteen ratingfour so many new new things in the game but sometimes that is the problem
lentwo ratingfive super graphics!
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game so much i could play it all day and then marry it !
lentwo ratingone temple run
lenfiftyfour ratingfour the game was ok. i did not like how when we got diamonds in a round than in that same round u died and u clicked save and i would not let u. but i did like how there is different characters and the monkey is different and u can go in a mine.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game, i just wanna know how do you win or something.
leneighteen ratingfive the quality is great, and i love catching the coins by the way my name is brianne williams
lenfive ratingfour as always great time pass
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive good.very nice update edition part 2 game
leneleven ratingfour it go slow and sometimes jam on my xperia neo v
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenten ratingfive i am in love with temple run 2 its so geoographic.
leneight ratingfive who ever made this game is insanely talented
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenseven ratingfour love it but uses lots of battery
lenthirteen ratingfive great graphics, fun game, i reccomend it to anyone who loved temple run.
lenthree ratingfive wow love this
leneleven ratingfive as addictive as temple run 1, way better than 1 in all terms.
lenten ratingfive this game is like the funest game i ever played
lennineteen ratingfive i have the galaxy s2 and i'm in love with both temple runs i even bought temple run brave.
leneight ratingfive another banger of a game keep em comming
lenfour ratingfive loved the amazing sceneries.!
lenthree ratingfive gear job guys!
lenfour ratingfour nice graphics n surroundings
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive templr run 2
leneleven ratingfour very nice app this is very interest to play a game
lenthree ratingfive with awsome graphics
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lentwentythree ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than temple run cant wait until they have an upgrade for temple run 2 so it can be incredible!
lentwentysix ratingfour i am not able to exit the temple run 2 app from my htc explorer phone.guess the makers dont want us to exit the game ever!
lenfour ratingfour most awesome game ever!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesomeness
leneight ratingfive this game is the best game in society!
lensixteen ratingfive its really fun when u.dnt have nothin to do u can play this so yea
lenseven ratingfive get it popping like it was right
lentwentysix ratingtwo (gs3)graphics are better but the app wouldn't even load half the time will stick on the start up imanji screen forever and wouldn't respond.
lentwentysix ratingtwo when it did load it was laggy and would skip: i can be barely turning the corner and the next moment im halfway down the road.
lenfifteen ratingtwo update: it is a better game but it still lags like crazy and sensitivity sucks.
lennine ratingfive the giant evil monkey loves to eat my burglar.
lensix ratingfive great game but a few glitches.
lenthirteen ratingfive when i try to use the save me button the games shuts down.
lennine ratingfive one of the best games ever played on android ;)
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it so much i play it for at least an hour a day.
lenseventeen ratingfive i hate that the first time you get the game you don't get any life thingies.
lenten ratingfive this game is a very good game i ever played
lensix ratingfive this was amazing, tr2 will be star!
lenfifteen ratingfive i wish a sonic run, where sonic will run, badniks chases, ring on every side,
leneleven ratingfive simple abd essy to play but keeps u om.ur toes
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so fun i would recommend it to the president.
lenfive ratingfive thats how great it is!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingone the game wont work it just crashes.
lensixteen ratingone if you guys want a better review then plz help and same problem with guy below
lenthree ratingfive still great fun
lenseven ratingfour it's an fun garcia amazing game ( :
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensix ratingfive it's fun and runs smooth
lenseven ratingfive the game is really fun and unexpected.
lenseven ratingfour good game, kinda adictive and frustrating too.
lenfour ratingtwo force closing disappointed yaar.
lenseven ratingfive very good game nowi am addict .superb
lennineteen ratingone when ever i try to load the game on ny zte warp the game freezes on the imangi screen
leneleven ratingfive awesome graphics, changes from temple run 1, one of my fave games! :)
lentwentysix ratingone game has become worse after the recent update its laggy.looks like the character has been purposely forced to hit the rock .or not to turn .
leneleven ratingone good game with ridiculous lag .this game makes me hate it
lentwo ratingfive amazing gamee
lenten ratingfour way better than the first graphics amazing it glitches sometimes
leneight ratingfour its a gr8 time pass when stuck in traffic
leneight ratingfive harder then the first one but visually better
lenfifteen ratingtwo you can't play in lg c3 because you can't see were you're going
lensix ratingfive my favorite game other than minecraft
lenthree ratingfive hey superb  game
lenseven ratingfive graphics, characters, scenes, challenges, d monster awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive no hang ups, no lag, no ads so far.its just greatness!
lenfive ratingfive good changes from temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfive awsomeee gamee
lennine ratingtwo i have installed 4 times and game data wont save.
leneighteen ratingtwo i love playing to pass time but hate having to start all over everytime i close the game.
lenthirty ratingfive the best graphics and gameplay but its a bit too easy i actually have 28 gems and it never decrease as i collect the ezact number of gems i have used
lenthree ratingfour great time waster.
lenseven ratingtwo was fun until the "rate the game"
lennine ratingtwo reminder bugged and now the game won't open.
lenfour ratingthree fine make it better
lenseventeen ratingone it don't load me the game  ;@ i use hts desire and this game suck a lot :)
lentwo ratingfive entertaining app.
leneleven ratingfive this game is not good,or great ,it's too great!
lenthirtyfour ratingfive loved the first temple run,and i'm just purely loving the second one!awesome game,very addictive,it's free and has no ads or push notifications!thank you imangi studios,you rule!
lentwelve ratingfive i downloaded this on a night before a online lab was due.
leneleven ratingfive well let's just say i didn't complete the lab.
lenfourteen ratingfive better.more adventurous.makes me scream with excitement and that sounds so wrong.lol!
lenfour ratingfive anyway, two thumbs up!
lenfour ratingfive fun for all ages!
lenfour ratingfour good to kill time!
lenseven ratingfive way better than the original temple run!?
lennine ratingfive i cant rate this app it is so good
lenthirtyone ratingtwo u could have better given an update to temple run .u want to show world ur popularity and fishyness means pls buzz off its not an excellent app like subway suffers .
lentwo ratingtwo crap ppl
lensix ratingfive this is the best freaking game.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is sooo fun it works good but the farthest ive gotten is 4,500m hahaha lol!
lenten ratingfive but seriously this game is better than the first one.
lenten ratingfive better than e first version, god work guys keep going . ;-)
lenfour ratingfive fun game love it
leneleven ratingfour didn't play the first obe but this is insanely addictive.
lenfour ratingfour like it a lot.
lenthree ratingfour no major drawbacks.
lentwelve ratingfive tr2 is great - better graphics than the first with all the great gameplay
lenthree ratingfour love to play
lenthree ratingthree updating my review.
lenseven ratingthree gems have been disappearing for no reason.
lensixteen ratingfive level of graphics  response of touch are some of the appreciable feature.god bless temlpe run.
lenthree ratingfive god bless android
lenfive ratingfive great game, fun and addicting.
lennine ratingfive great imagery and much better then the first tr.
lensix ratingfive very addictive and welcome upgrade from v1
leneleven ratingfive this is a great part two to a great first game.
lenthree ratingone on samsung infuse.
lenfour ratingfive great game enjoy playing
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseventeen ratingfive one improvement i would like is for the game to not have to tilt to collect coins.
lenten ratingfive maybe just swiping to switch lanes.but still prity cool!
lenfive ratingfive cannot wait to play it!
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenthree ratingfour nice time spender.
lensix ratingfive im loving the new temple run!
lenfive ratingfive its so fun and addicting.
lenfourteen ratingfive i just dont understand why my coins keep going down instead of going up?
lenfourteen ratingfour it's good but takes a while at the imangi screen then force closes :-/
lenfour ratingfive good game no complaints
lentwentyfive ratingone i was really excited about try this new game, but i never got the chance because it always force close everytime i click on it.
lenthirteen ratingfive my grand daughter plays both 1 and 2 but i think she loves 2 the best.
lenfour ratingfive the game is epic
lensix ratingfour this game is so much fun.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i just have one thing,(i also found this with temple run 1) sometimes,the game freezes so if i swipe to jump,duck or turn etc.,i die.
lentwentysix ratingfour please fix this as it is so annoying :-( then i will give it 5 stars. you guys have just lost out on 1 though for the time being.
lentwo ratingfive awesome sequel.
lennine ratingtwo but it keeps on deducting points when i reach 2000s
lenthree ratingfour fun fun fun
lentwelve ratingfive its super fun to play and there a no issues so far.
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run! :)
lenseventeen ratingthree i absolutely love the new temple run game but unfortunately on my samsung phone it keeps closing.
lensix ratingthree addictive and i need a fix!
leneight ratingfive its a very good game u shold make 3
leneight ratingfive the amazingness of this is beyond my knowledge. <3
lenfour ratingfive latest update is fantastic.
leneight ratingfive no issues at all other than its addictive.
lenten ratingone just shows imangi studios logo and freezes, then app closes.
leneleven ratingfive loved the old one and this one is so much better
lensix ratingfive great game graphics r also great
lenfive ratingfive i love this game, addicted!
lenfour ratingfour like the different additions
leneight ratingfive love it fun and better than the first!
lentwo ratingfive awesome sequel !
lenfour ratingfive the theme rocks too !
lenseven ratingfive i deeply recommend you play this game
lenthree ratingfour pretty cool game
leneighteen ratingfive i m a mobile game hater.but now addicted to this game.simply irresistible.keep it up guys.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but fix some bugs please.say, i hav more than 500k coins but the 'gold miner' objective has stopped its progress halfway.why isn't completed.
lenthirtysix ratingfive wen u take one magnet & thn another, the second one also ends with the first one and  sumtyms when the distance is shown.the character doesnt repsonse to the your swipe or jump.and u lose.
lenseven ratingfive anyways still the bestest game ever played.
lenthree ratingfive awe some game !
lenfive ratingfive great i love this game <3<3
lennineteen ratingfour m stuck at 1 objective of 5 lakh coins.i have over 5 lakh total coins but still the objective isnt goin.!
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
leneighteen ratingfive good job but i would lik to c a lil more done with the cart and the rope
lenthirtyone ratingfive its a good game but the only problem i have with when you acmoplish something thats not on the screen you dont get it so you have to do it again
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour tough but i love it better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive the game is great
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game very fast on the s3 and obviously better than the first temple run ?
lenthirteen ratingfive though i have a low-end smartphone, it still rocks in my device.
lenfive ratingfive smoothness to the tenth power.
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi :)
lenfive ratingfive in-game prices are exaggerated.
lenseven ratingfive i guess that keeps the challenge going.
leneight ratingone very laggy can't even get past tutorial
lensix ratingfive the graphics are sooo much better!
lenfive ratingfive temple run the best game
lenfour ratingfive it is temple run 2 0mg :0
leneight ratingone does not work on virgin mobile motorola triumph
lenfour ratingfive love it by berryboy
lentwentytwo ratingfour sometimes it cant lean over and every time i jump close to a hill to get a, power up it ignores me.
lenfour ratingfour this game is sick.
lensix ratingfour you can pick your own player.
lenfive ratingfive awesome and highly addictive game!
lensix ratingfive my highscore is already 20 million :d
lennine ratingfive i reached level 9 n now hav lost all data.
lenfive ratingfour 4 stars cuz no ragdoll effects
lenfourteen ratingfive excellent but in my other galaxy pop does not support in please fix arm v6
lenfive ratingfour fun and fast running game.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i like the additions of the rail car and the ropes but i'm not a fan of the fact that the runs between turns are not straight.
leneight ratingfour i play for five minutes then feel nauseous.
lenten ratingfour i think it's the involuntary shifting of the screen.
lensix ratingfive it rocks better than zombie run
lenfive ratingfour it's a great game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lennineteen ratingfive perfect for killing time or when bored :) just fix the sometimes occuring lag and everything will be fine :d
lenten ratingfive this is my favorite game in the whole wide world
lenfour ratingfour can be slight addicting.
lensix ratingfive great game but a few glitches.
lenthirteen ratingfive when i try to use the save me button the games shuts down.
lensix ratingfour i didnt have the first version.
lenthree ratingfive love love love!
lenseven ratingfive i am in love with this game
leneight ratingfive this game us better thn the old one
lenfifteen ratingfive i normallt dont like playing games on cell phone, but this game changed my mind.
lenseven ratingfive keep up the damm good work guys. :)
lensix ratingfive super fun much better than original
lenfour ratingfive i love it .excellent .
lenseventyfour ratingfour had to remove 1 star because of two bugs: 1) the power meter fills up much slowly in the mine than while running 2) powerups do not stack on one another! :( thats a major problem.if i have a coin magnet activated, and if i pickup another coin magnet powerup, then the time of the powerup should increase, which unfortunately is not happening. remove those bugs.other than that, its the best game i have ever played!
lenfour ratingfour a nice time waster
lensixteen ratingfive it's a really good game doesn't lag that much.hm did a good job
leneight ratingthree it's okay.not the best game ever.
lenfour ratingfive fantastic love this game :-)
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lenthirteen ratingfive i just downloaded and played temple run 2 and i just love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive the game play and graphics are way too better than the previous version.
lenseven ratingfive i definitely give 5 star to this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive ok i guess a bit worse than temple run and a lot harder
lensix ratingfive i can play it 10 hours continuously.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a very nice game i wish there is a temple run 3
lenfive ratingfour great game any day anytime.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfour great well-rounded game with amazing graphics.
leneight ratingfour there are a few problems with achievements registering.
lentwentyfour ratingfour i also noticed when you set the coin magnet ability on, if you use it and get another coin magmet powerup, it does nothing.
lenseven ratingfour i think it should extend the time.
lentwelve ratingone i down loade it twice and it does not whant to open.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is pretty good im always playing it it's awesome!
lenfour ratingfive runs well on samsung s3.
lenten ratingfive find myself whipping it out at any spare few minutes!
lensix ratingfour it's more fun than first
lennine ratingfour i would rate five stars if it stops skiping!
lenfourteen ratingfour please fix once it stops skiping i promise i will rate give stars :d
leneight ratingfive this game is a lot better than regular.
lenthree ratingfive also more graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive i lked the game alot just sme time it stuck at the tym of play
lentwelve ratingfive app works great and i love the new challenges and coin structure.
lenten ratingfive but updates take so much space ony htc desire vc
lenfifteen ratingfive but on objective where need to collect 500.000 coins its stucked on midle, like its collected 250.000.
lensix ratingfive i've collected more than 500.000 coins.
leneight ratingfive on objective where need to collect 1.000.000 its ok.
lenseventeen ratingone this game is not function good on android, and i am not the only one said that !
lenfifteen ratingone all my friend they have android they do have the same problem, please fix it
lenfive ratingfive yet i cannot stop playing :/
lentwelve ratingfour this game is awesome but there is just one tiny, little, flaw.
lentwentyfour ratingfour when my coin gauge is filled and i'm using the speed runner power-up, i always past that power-up and its frustrating.
lennine ratingfour still as addictive and with added twists and turns.
lenten ratingfour if you liked the first then you will love this.
lensixteen ratingfour don't expect any changes other than slightly better graphics and a few bells and whistles.
lenthree ratingfive very hot game
lenten ratingfive this is 1 f d bst gme i hve evr plyd.:)
lentwentytwo ratingfour love the game however i don't like the fact that coin values are not paid properly while in the tunnel sections.
lensix ratingfour they all revert to one coin.
lenfive ratingfive its hard but very enjoyable
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lentwentyone ratingfour the only problem i have is the small lag i get and i think tharmt its just my phone being dumb.
lenseven ratingfour try it you'll love it c;
lenfour ratingfive love the new version!
lensix ratingfive you should definitely download this game.
leneight ratingfive it is so addicting and i cant stop.
lenfour ratingfive ok kalau nak tidur ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
lentwo ratingfive indeed, excelent :-)
lentwentytwo ratingone getting a high score was easy but theres bugs that wont allow you to turn properly fix these and it would be 2*
lenfour ratingfour so fun more exitement
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensixteen ratingone this app dosent even work every time i want to use it its always forse closing
lenthree ratingfive i reached 8 million.
leneleven ratingfive from what i see its loads easier than the first one
leneleven ratingfour only bad thing about it is it freezes up a lot
leneleven ratingfour cant open the app it keeps on closing by itself why
lensix ratingfour adventure game is a adictive game.
lensix ratingfive i love this game its awesome
lensix ratingfive excellent app super game for fun
lenthirteen ratingfive man im beastin on this game  i already thirteen million as ma score
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfour excellent grqphics.but not if you play in any android device.
lenfour ratingfour for iphone its superb
lennine ratingthree its way too many bugs in the newest update.
lennine ratingthree the game is cool, better before the update though.
leneleven ratingthree now its just too glitchy for me to play and enjoy.
lenthree ratingthree samsung galaxy s 3
lenfour ratingfive better than i expected.
lenseven ratingfive feel very happy to play this game
leneleven ratingfour its a bit buggy but that will be fixed over time.
lenten ratingfour the game itself is a huge improvement over the original
leneight ratingfive indeed its a fun yet wasting boring times!
lenfifteen ratingfive i didnt pass the miser quest because i always get coins when i'm running!
lentwentyfour ratingfive when you want to collect coins you didnt get much coins bu when you dont want to collect coins you get much coins. :-p
lenfour ratingfour sometimes the game lags.
lentwelve ratingfour also when i try to turn right/left, it sometimes doesnt turn.
lensix ratingfour the game should improve the graphics.
lentwentythree ratingtwo for android temple run and temple 2 are very glitchy and dosent work properly on android when you try to jump it dosent work
lenseven ratingone aaaaaahhhhhh cant download want it so bad
lentwelve ratingfive i like this game a lot for what i use it for
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenfour ratingfive very fun to play
lentwo ratingfour experia sola
lenfour ratingfive totally addictive great game!
lenfive ratingfour best game of temple run
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics.great game
lenthree ratingthree olways hang in ka9+
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lentwo ratingfour catchy game
lentwentyeight ratingthree great game but somewhere along the line there should be an end where you get away with the idol, or make different levels, give more sense of achievement
leneight ratingfive hooe to see more powerups this coming updates :)
lenseven ratingone it won't work on my android
lenfive ratingfive u should definitely try it
lensixteen ratingfive the graphics are a bit confusing initially but u get used to it after a while.
lensix ratingfive it is an exciting adventure run!
lentwo ratingfour laggy sometimes.
lenthirtysix ratingthree i love this game on my galaxy nexus,i only gave this game 3 stars because there's a bug where when i swipe my finger up to jump the character won't jump.please fix this. :( :(
lenfive ratingfive this game is soo cool
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo there is no african american girl character and i had 121 gems then i used 5 during the course of my run after i died when i went back to the main screen it said i only had 59.wth
lenseventeen ratingfive if u liked temple run you'll luv temple run 2 plse download it coz its far better!
lenseven ratingone chut fuckin game every time force close
lentwo ratingone temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive the game is great and all but i lost everything i had.
lenthirteen ratingfive i was almost done upgrading everything and now i got to start over.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is ten times better than the original!
lenseven ratingfive i love it and always play it.
lentwenty ratingone every time i try to play it,it always goes to the beginning where it shows you what to do.
lensix ratingone then when i loose it freezes!
lenthree ratingfive vry wonderful game.
lenfive ratingfive great game, great graphics 5 star,
lenfortyseven ratingfive as this game was an endless one, after a long play we may stop playing of bore so if u plot the name of high scorer nd so on in the game then there will be some competition so we will play endlessly to overtake the score.
lentwelve ratingfive when our game opens, ask to type the players name and country.
lenten ratingfive i hope u will do thiz in the next update.
lenseven ratingfive plz  plz accept my suggestion imangi studio.
lennine ratingfive i love how better this runs than the original.
lentwenty ratingfive the original lags so much on low end phones that it was unplayable while this is a million times smoother.
lentwenty ratingfive it can get a bit choppy from time to time but at least it's possible to reach 10m without ragequitting.
lenseven ratingfive hopefully the iap goes on sale though.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i've played this on my cousin's nexus 7 and it's really fun.
lenfifteen ratingfour i would rate 5 but my instant magnet double charged my crystals and doesn't work.
lensix ratingfour so the game surpasses 1 by 1000 miles.
lenfour ratingfive wow that games awesome
lenten ratingfive graphics are better less lag when starting and more traps
lenfive ratingfour nice game for time pass
lentwentynine ratingthree i've bought 3or4 gem packs that haven't been credited to my game that i've been charged for plz fix and give me what i've paid for
lentwo ratingfive awsome.game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i really love the cool graphics , the mining cart, zip lines, stairs, hills.
lenfive ratingfour better than temple run btw
leneight ratingfive im addicted to this game now, its amazing
lentwelve ratingfive i love the first one and i love this one even more!
lentwo ratingfour great graphics
lenseven ratingfive thz shyt trill doe (tsg heightboy status)
lentwelve ratingfive this is the best game ever who ever made this its awesome
lenseven ratingfive fun to play and fun to win!
lenthirty ratingfour better graphics, new leveling system, powerup meter, and the mine cart are all great additions but the bugs need to be fixed before i can give this a fifth star.
lentwenty ratingfour if you pick up a power up while you're using that power up, there is no time extension whatsoever.
lenten ratingfour it's like you didn't even get the 2nd pickup.
lennine ratingfive awesome, but it does lag once and a while
lenseven ratingfive i love this 1 better than the original
lenten ratingfive nice game play, beautiful picture'can't leave it alone
lenfourteen ratingfive i loved the first one and now i'm in love with this version
lennineteen ratingfour graphics are great when compared to first one and equally addictive makes it a must have game on android.
lennine ratingfour it takes more time to open on my phone.
lenseventeen ratingtwo got to level 9, turned up gfx quality to high and the app stopped loading after splash screen.
lenfive ratingtwo forced to reinstall, lost progress.
lentwo ratingtwo samsung gsii
leneight ratingfive i ? it and its better than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive soooo fun.
leneight ratingfive one of the best games on play store.
lentwentysix ratingtwo damm game hiccups make me loose :( . still skips like the first game. cant react quickly because of it. hopefully a new update will make it better. gs3
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingfive man this version is full of surprises :-) one of the best addictive game(though lyk angry birds star wars mor. :p )
lenten ratingfive temple run 2,definetly took gaming experience to the next level.
lenfour ratingfive i love ds game
lenfour ratingfive v good entertaining game
lenten ratingone the game wont let me play and it keeps closing.
lentwelve ratingone i guess that this game is really good but hard to open.
lennine ratingfive its fabulous temple run 2 i really love to play
lensix ratingfive an awesome way to stay entertained!
lentwo ratingfive awesum game!
lenthree ratingfive vry addicted game!
lenthree ratingfive love to play.
lensixteen ratingfive i enjoy this version because its more goal oriented, rather than just running for no reason
lenseventeen ratingthree i love the concept of this game but the glitches have caused so many deaths for me.
lennine ratingfive molto pi?difficile del primo per questo stanca difficilmente
lenthree ratingfive i love itty!
leneight ratingfive so fun to play <3 :) thanks for making it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingfour although i didn't care too much for the first one, this game is actually fun.
lenten ratingone this game has horrible glitches and needs to be fixed.
leneight ratingfive think i am just a little bit addicted.
lentwentyone ratingtwo this game works really good :3 but if i don't play it for one day it will force close on me.
lensixteen ratingtwo i can't stand this please fix this because i'm not gonna play every day -.-
lentwentyone ratingfour after a couole of days it gets boring and to save your self from dieing you need gems :/ it costs sometimes
lentwo ratingfive addictive stuff
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfortytwo ratingfive this is the best game ever .this game is loke a game that has oppsticals that u can't beat but it is so addictive it makes u try and try again .the 1st time u play it u will be like (cool)!.
lentwelve ratingfive wow i love it, totally addicted as is my 3 year old son.
lenfour ratingfive its a classic game
leneight ratingfive it has great graphics and it looks amazing.
lenseventeen ratingfive just a tip for the next temple run, if you make another one, to have more lvls.
leneighteen ratingfive like the cart thing and maybe going up a mountain and other cool little adventures but in levels.
leneleven ratingfive it doesn't slow your phone or device down at all.
lenfour ratingfive its a awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive download people!
leneleven ratingfive don't download this  game because you won't so playing!
leneleven ratingfour would give it 5 stars but it lags on mine *galaxy siii*
lenseventeen ratingfour disappointed at how long it took to be played on androids though, but still a great game.
lenseven ratingfour just goes too fast for my eyes
lennine ratingfive much more challenging than the first one just awsome! :)
lenfour ratingone plays horrible on nexus 7
lentwentyeight ratingone this game has been working fine for days but i went back to play it and everything i had done was gone, no coins, no gems, no nothing.
lenfourteen ratingone once i die and click skip to see my score it won't work.
lensix ratingone fix please, i love this game!
lennine ratingfive get this game it has good graphics and gameplay
lentwelve ratingthree love the game but too many glitches -.- can someone plz fix it?
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lensix ratingfive completely addicted and love the graphics.
leneight ratingfive so amazing game,.i enjoy playing so addicting.
lensix ratingfive good game /best game ever made
lentwo ratingfour nice game
leneleven ratingfive awesome game.you guys need to make more games like these
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive however there is still more capacity to make the 3d graphics w more realistic
lenten ratingfive the graphics are awesome, the 3d improvement was a great idea.
lenfifteen ratingfive sometimes the game run slow in my device, i hope this bug will be resolve.
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is good though but it lags a little bit on my galaxy s3.
leneleven ratingtwo the most buggy game i've played in a long time!
leneight ratingtwo player bounces off half roads rather than falling!
lensix ratingtwo boost doesn't have enough upgrades.
lenseven ratingtwo one magnet or 3 magnets have no difference.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo after a week's time, playing an hour everyday, the only objectives left are to collect 1 million coins and to run 10 million meters, that's not challenging enough, makes it very boring.
lenfourteen ratingtwo good stuff on the new map, but what's the fun for me now?
lenfour ratingtwo just keep running aimlessly?
leneight ratingtwo objectives should be more challenging and less tiresome!
lenfive ratingone it won't even load!
lensix ratingfive excellent app super game for fun
lenfive ratingfive very fun n awesome game!
lenten ratingfive it is good it is my favourite game get it!
lenfour ratingfive amazing and too addictive.
lenthree ratingfive kudos to imangi.
lenfourteen ratingone i thought the second game would be awesome because how could temple run improve?!
leneight ratingone but the first game is way more fun.
lentwentyfour ratingone this game needs to be more sensitive, the road twists and turns, when you go under its uncomfortable, you never know where to turn.
lenthree ratingone this game stinks.
lentwo ratingfive patta oi
lentwo ratingfive awsum game !
lentwentyfive ratingone this game sucks  the sensitivity dose not let u move side to side quick enough when i go to jump it turns  i hate it
lenthree ratingfour its excellent apps
lennineteen ratingfive good but i hope there will be more updates because this game needs a little more work to it.
lensixteen ratingfive unless you are one of the tough gamers, then complain about the lack of characters, etc.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennine ratingone jeeze, this wastes my time laggs o?the mytouch
lenfive ratingfive this game is sooooo aaaaawesome
lenfive ratingfive it's an amazing game. .
lenten ratingfive the graphics are very realistics, it's a complete challeng.
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lenten ratingfive this is an amazing game full of excitement and adventure.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are better.
lenfive ratingfive my dauther loves temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive i really love this game had to get it on my phone.
leneight ratingthree the game temple run 2 won't load up
lenfour ratingfive a truly awesome game.
lentwelve ratingthree plz fix lag and bugs which makes my phone getting hanged always
lentwo ratingfive nice game :) . !
lenfive ratingfive its better than temple run!
lenthree ratingfour like pretty koo
lenfifteen ratingtwo game was perfectly fine b4 update except that e coins earned disappeared after next few rounds.
lenfour ratingtwo happen couple of times.
leneleven ratingtwo after update, expected it to be better but no, its worst.
lenfourteen ratingone will not open up on my phone and freezes up my phone every time!
lenten ratingone please make it able to open up on lg thrill 3d 4g
lentwentynine ratingfive this game is great.i liked the first one i and wen this version came out i startrd playing this game and got addicted to it.best game ever.
lentwentynine ratingthree i was playing it and it was really fun but my phone went out of battery and when a round ends i have to come out of the game
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool! :)
lenthree ratingfive sexy dan ever
lenthirteen ratingone i had just insttalled it and it never even let me play it.
lenten ratingfour great graphics, easier to score , way better than temple run 1 .
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lensix ratingfive its kinda hard but i like
lentwo ratingfive great game <3
lenfour ratingthree soo good worth playing
lentwo ratingfive great revision
lenfour ratingfive love alsome so fun
lenfour ratingfive awesome nice & superb game
lenfour ratingfive so fun to play
lennine ratingtwo sensitivity of turns and slides and jumps need fixed.
lenseven ratingtwo first one works perfecr but still fun
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lentwentytwo ratingthree when i play the game crash on me, although other than that, the graphics are great, and it is an awesome game.
lennine ratingone it all started to happen after the new update.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is a great follow up to temple run.
lenten ratingfive the app is much more in depth then its predisesor.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a great game if you're looking to pass the time.
lenfive ratingfive definitely something you should download.
lenthree ratingone freezes while loading.
lentwentyfour ratingone i loved temple run and i have temple run 2 on my kindle but it just freezes on the opening screen on my motorola defy!
lenfifteen ratingfour had to uninstall the game twince and it still didn't work on my adroid
lentwentytwo ratingfour if there were a couple more types of landscape to run through, and rewards were just slightly easier this would be awesome.
lensixteen ratingfour good, but kinda got confusing and also lags alot, new note ii and temple run 2 lags
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive everybody who likes a challenge should get this game.
lentwelve ratingfive i enjoyed the first game and this second game is even better.
leneleven ratingfive the game has more interesting obstacles and is just as challenging.
leneight ratingfive a much improved game and just as addictive.
lenten ratingthree i love the concept, its even better than the first.
lenfive ratingthree better graphics, all around fun.
lentwentyone ratingthree what i dont like is the constant glitches where it doesn't sense my swipes and sends me off a cliff.
lentwelve ratingthree or when the map zooms forward all of a sudden after glitching.
lenfour ratingfive sooperb its so fast.
lenfive ratingfive no bugs love to play
lenseven ratingfour love the crisp graphics on this version!
lenthree ratingfive game of life.
lenfive ratingfive makes the first look pale
lensix ratingfive wayyyy better than the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive it wasnt as dull, boring, or nauseating like the first one was.
lennine ratingtwo game glitches and forces and i loose my progress.
lenfourteen ratingtwo my guy wont turn when i tell him to slides when i say jump.
lensix ratingtwo fun game when it works right
lenfourteen ratingfour would be a five star but the game continues to crash on my milestone.
lentwentytwo ratingfour then it just now restarted itself when it crashed and deleted the 14 gems i had and the 15 k i had of coins.
leneight ratingfour very awesome game but program crashes a lot
lennine ratingfour its a good game, but it needs more characters
lenseven ratingfive ultimate tumepass if yiu are getting bored.
leneight ratingfive wow i luv this game it's awesome
lenseven ratingfive this game is way better the first.
lenfourteen ratingfive the graohics are awesome and rhe gamw itsek f is more of a challenge.
lenfour ratingthree achievements frozen on level 8.
lennine ratingone good game but keep losing coins so cannot progress.
lennineteen ratingone also control left and right not sensitive enough for me, keep falling off ledges where i shouldn't. heh.
leneleven ratingone come on guys, get the bug fixed and i will rate 5.
lenten ratingone would be good to have the sensitivity control back also.
lentwentytwo ratingthree the tilt is all messed up on my tablet as it takes a huge movement to make it run along the edge.
lenfive ratingthree great game when it works.
leneleven ratingfour its good but it isn't as good as temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingfour i like the setting better but there could be some things what could be improved!
lenthirteen ratingone dhis game doesnt even  start up no matter how many times i downloaded
lensix ratingfive very very advanced and excellent game.
lensix ratingfive please install the game and injoy.
leneighteen ratingfour it is an awesome game but can you please work an update with montana smith, thanks in advance.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i absoluty love this game but there needs to be more characters.then i would rate 5 stars * other than that this is way better than temple run 1. ?
lenseventeen ratingone i can't even swype left or right without even dying because of the lag dont download
lensix ratingfive i love this game soo much!
lenfive ratingfour temple run it is awesome.
lensixteen ratingfour only thing is  it is so slow on the start on the first go so beware
lenfour ratingfive no words.toooooooooooooooooooo gud
lenseven ratingfive must game for android phones,very addictive
lentwentyeight ratingfive temple run is the best game eva u should try it u won't regret it nd if u do tht not my fault u did something wrong!
lenfour ratingfive good game to play
lenfive ratingfive best game ive ever played!
lennine ratingfive can't wait for more versions of temple run:)
lenfifteen ratingone works on my tablet, but not on my samsung mini phone, which is android based.
lenfive ratingfive very fun and addicting game.
lenthree ratingfive cannot stop playing
leneight ratingfive i think its way better than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive you're not just running the entire time.
lenfifteen ratingfive it's a great game, but it freezes a lot and causes me to die.
lenfive ratingfive this game is to addictive.
lennine ratingfive better graphics than temple run 1 great quality great game
leneight ratingfive it is a good game we rate it
lenthree ratingfive this game sucks
lentwelve ratingfour i like the game but the rail cart bit is quite hard
lentwo ratingfive awsome highscore 32,451
lentwelve ratingfive love this game even if it destroys the day's productivity ;) recommended!
lenseventeen ratingone temple run 2 is so glitched it doesn't even let me jump to attach to the rope.
lentwelve ratingone it not an easy game to play anymore because of the glitches.
lentwentynine ratingone i have kept up with the updates, all i want to do is slam my own phone into the wall because it frustrates me how i can barely play.
lenfifteen ratingone and if i do start actually playing it just ends u glitching at the end.
lensix ratingfive changing the world of mobile gaming
lensix ratingfive samsung tab it is the best
lensix ratingfive great graphics, very challenging, great game!
lennine ratingfive one of the best and most addictive games ever!
lenfifteen ratingone it is gun for a bit but then slowed down and gave me a viress
lenfour ratingfive ok kalau nak tidur ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
lentwenty ratingthree the update ruin everything in my handset, when i try to run again it just stops we're i died.
lennine ratingthree i have to restart to app to play again.
lenthirteen ratingthree and sometimes the meter has charge even i've just start the game.
lennine ratingfive thiis game is well organize and i like it
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive hell yeah it so much fun!
leneleven ratingfive i loved the first one and this one is such better!
lenthree ratingfive excellent temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwenty ratingone i have to un install it because it does the force closing but it is a good game to play
lennine ratingfive a bit tough than previous version but good game
lennine ratingfour same concept as the first one but really fun.
lenseven ratingfour graphics are dope on my note ii.
lentwenty ratingone i installed and un-installed and reinstalled this game 4 times and just crashes on the loading screen of temple run.
lensix ratingone it vibrates twice then crashes/closes.
leneight ratingone its not working on my samsung galaxy s 4g.
leneighteen ratingone like the first temple run it freezes alot and force close.now i have to uninstall this game.
leneight ratingfive must have tablet game if i must say.
lenthirteen ratingfour there is a major delay when turning and jumping but other than that.
lensix ratingfive i love this game very nice
lensix ratingfive this is awesome and really fun!
lenthree ratingfive est?la raja!
lenthree ratingfive addictive great graphics
lennine ratingfive this game is awesome and very easy to play.
lenfour ratingfive this game is wicked
lentwenty ratingone most games end because the poor performance causes the screen to freeze just before a turn and swipes are ignored.
lensix ratingone kind of more frustrating than fun.
lenthree ratingone waste of time.
lenseven ratingone the tilt movement sucks it lags constantly
lenfive ratingfive infinitely better than the original
leneleven ratingtwo the game reset on me now i have to start over
lentwelve ratingone i down loade it twice and it does not what to open.
lennine ratingfive way more complex than #1, you 'll enjoy it promise
lenseven ratingfour good game more options then the first
lentwentyfour ratingfive only complaint is that if they were to combine some elements of the first temple run then this would make the game even better
lentwelve ratingfour i wouldn't say it was the best game but its good
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingfour temple run 2 is a really great game but the first one is better
lenseven ratingfour soooooooo much better then temple run :p
lenfour ratingfive visarne tula shakay nahi
lenthirteen ratingfour i would give it 5 stars but sometimes i lose because the game freezes.
lennine ratingfive i love temple run 2 it so so so cool
lenthree ratingfour good time fjller
lenfive ratingfive addictive and fun as hell!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive extremely fun!
lensix ratingthree sometimes, the screen turns upside down.
lenthree ratingthree great play, though.
lenthree ratingfive love temple run.
lensix ratingfive great upgrades from the first one
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1!
lenthree ratingfive ready good game
lentwentythree ratingfour in my opinion it is better then number one but could be made better if you could compare scores online like on number.
leneight ratingfour the track is definately better then number one.
lensix ratingone before the update, it was fine.
leneight ratingone it lagged a bit, but nothing too bad.
lennine ratingone after the update, the game won't even open.
leneight ratingone it'll go to the first "imangi studios"
lensix ratingone screen, then just close by itself.
lentwelve ratingone the game is great but everytime i jump it pauses the game.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i couldn't get this game on my galaxy s but, since ive upgraded to the note 2 im in love with it.
lenfourteen ratingone i was excited about this game but it just stays on the loading screen.
lenfive ratingone i have he samsung infuse.
lenten ratingone please fix this problem and i will rate five stars
lenfour ratingfive great game so fun
leneight ratingfour good game.power ups are too many coins
leneleven ratingone i had to uninstall cause i wont work on my android
lentwelve ratingfour this is an excellent game that test your ration and decision making.
leneight ratingfour download and install today if you haven't.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennine ratingfour i love this game and it has me addicted.
lenthirteen ratingfour but i'm afraid sometimes the game doesn't always record my swipes.
leneighteen ratingfour sometimes i clearly make a swipe but i still run into a wall or fall to my death.
lensix ratingfour but still a great game overall.
lenseven ratingfive i am gone to send you award
lenfive ratingfive its so fun and addicting
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than the first
lenten ratingone the game doesnt want to open and it force closes
lentwo ratingfive fun & addicting!
lenseven ratingfour but sometimes it doesn't work smoothly.
lenten ratingfive it is something to do during a boring work day!
lenten ratingfive i love this game it is very fun to play
lentwentythree ratingfour i'm not that happy about the fact that it doesn't flow like the first temple run, but its an alright game.
lentwelve ratingfour graphics are a whole lot better now and gameplay has also improved.
leneleven ratingfour the game is a bit easier than it's previous version.
lentwo ratingfour overall great
lentwo ratingone wont download
lenfour ratingfive v good entertaining game
lenfive ratingfive play, play n just play.
lenfourteen ratingfive its a great game allways fun to play and great to pass the time
lentwentyseven ratingone this app won't even work on my phone it shows the imangi sign but after it's done loading it just goes back to my homescreen.
lenthirtyone ratingone i was really looking forward to using it and i even cleared out my other apps to make room for this one and it doesn't even work imagine my disappointment.
lenfive ratingfour it is a funny game.
leneight ratingfive one of the most enjoyable games to date.
lenten ratingfive simply awesome can't stop myself from keeping on playing
lenfour ratingfive good game very addicitive
lennine ratingone why is it everytime i open it its crashing.
lenfour ratingone i cant play it.
lenfive ratingone pls fix it. -motorola atrix 4g
lenfive ratingfour the most addicting game ever.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i would hav given it 5 but it freeze's. i thought it was only my phone but all my friends hav it and it jams on thier phones 2!
lenfour ratingone package file is invalid.
lensix ratingfour need the ability to calibrate accelerometer.
lennine ratingfour also need to iron out a few more glitches.
lenfive ratingfour dying even when i jump
lenfour ratingfour harder than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingone this looks likeva great game but it keeps force closing please fix it!
lensix ratingfive so addicting couldnt put it down
lenseven ratingfive this game lives up to the hype.
lenseven ratingfour some times does not read the movement
lenthree ratingone won't download?
lenfive ratingfive looks easy, but most difficult.
lensix ratingfive not so glitchy and more fun.
lentwelve ratingone the app is getting freezed very often in my sony xperia pro.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i really like the game & its challengin but i really hope yall can let the players buy missions with the coins we earned cuz some of the missions hard & takes along time to complete
lensixteen ratingthree wen i first got it it was awsome but now its not working that sucks .urgggg
leneight ratingfive i think it is very addictive and fun
lenfourteen ratingthree i love this game but its rly glitchy when i'm in the game.
lenfive ratingfive it's an amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfive time consuming.
lensix ratingfive highest score: 9,411,360 longest run: 58,273 most coins: 10,782
lensixteen ratingfive great it is better than first but this forest is little bit confusing but still great
lensix ratingone it wont go past the logo !
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lentwelve ratingfive awesome, amazing, cool, fun, excellent and its above average for all ages
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2better than temple run the first one <3 ;) :)
lenthree ratingfive very exciting game
lenfour ratingfive this game is raw
lenten ratingfive i <3 this game its class deffo best game eva played.
lensix ratingfive way better than the 1st temple run.
leneleven ratingfive this temple run has these extra features, bridges, steps and ziplines.
lensix ratingfive well worth it lads its epic.
lentwelve ratingfive actually if anything it made my tablet faster believe it or not.
lenfourteen ratingfive so basically what i'm trying to say is get temple run 2 its class
lennine ratingone you need to run 10,000 km to go to level 9.
lentwentysix ratingone that's possible when you have a big fat joint family and a shared tablet and everyone spends at least an hour on this game everyday!
lentwelve ratingfive i like playing this game while listening to news or audio books.
lenseventeen ratingfive much better than one.easier.i do not like the new shield.but over all its great.
lenfifty ratingfive love the gems but it takes to many to keep using.the thing says reduce gems by 4 but it doesn't when you buy out.it goes down by one.once you get everything bought and uncovered.there is nothing else to do.sooooo that's why one got boring.
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lentwo ratingfive excellent game :-)
lenthirteen ratingthree its a good game but sometimes i half to force it to close
lenfour ratingfive i love the game
lenfour ratingfour my kids love is.
lennineteen ratingthree this is a fun game but j stopped playing for a few days and i lost all my progress.
lentwo ratingfive fing awsome
lensix ratingfive its fun but gets hard download!
lentwo ratingfive sexy game.
lenseven ratingfive my highest score in my iphone 5 was 18378541.
lennine ratingfive now i'l try my luck in android galaxy note2
lentwentyeight ratingfour this game is great but the responsiveness is too slow and needs to just be tweaked with an update to make it easier to move sideways and jump.
lenfifteen ratingfour its really difficult to use but once this is fixed it will be sooo goood!
lennine ratingfour please fix the issue with responsiveness sideways and jumping.!
lenseven ratingtwo i think it's a brilliant game.
lentwentysix ratingtwo i love playing it on my friends phone but on my phone it installs and loads but until it's finished loading it turns straight off!
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive if anyone has completed the first version, then they should buy temple run 2!
lentwentyone ratingfour i love the game but it keeps freazeeing when the man dies and won't save and keeps show the toutial
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfour it is bad with this update and freezes while playing and i have to start over.
lensix ratingfour besides that its a great game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive excellent game to past time and very addictive!
lenthree ratingfive very fun game!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended ;-)
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lentwo ratingfive better courses!
lenten ratingfive great game i'll say better then the first one!
lenfive ratingfive good game with nice graphics
leneight ratingfive i love temple.run two because its funnn
lenfive ratingfive fun but glitches a bit
lentwo ratingfive pure awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwenty ratingone it has a time where it is just jumping in its own and won't turn but good at first
lenfifteen ratingfour i like the improvements they have made, however, i do hope they make more additions.
leneight ratingfive i like it much better then temple run 1
lenfortysix ratingfour temple run is brillant the reason i gave it 4 stars is bcos the sensertivty (sorry about the spelling) isn't very  good if i swipe left it does not pick it up and i end up dead but u should get this game it is epic
lenfour ratingfive awesome and addictive :-) :-)  xx
lennine ratingfive thiis game is well organize and i like it
lenfour ratingfive anyone single and lezbian.
lenthirteen ratingfive sorry for posting this on a game but i want a sexy girlfriend.
leneleven ratingfive somone funny an lovely, and livin in melton mowbray thanks xx
lenfive ratingthree needs control settings, volume, etc.
lenfour ratingfive tribes: ascend is better.
lenfifteen ratingfive this fast and fun game allows you to race throughout the temple woods and paths.
lennineteen ratingfive save up those coins as you can buy upgrades which will get you further in the action packed game.
lentwentythree ratingfive compaired to temple run 1, i would say this game is better as it makes you feel as if you are in the game.
lennine ratingfive i definitely advise you to download this free app.
lentwenty ratingthree the update ruin everything in my handset, when i try to run again it just stops we're i died.
lennine ratingthree i have to restart to app to play again.
lenthirteen ratingthree and sometimes the meter has charge even i've just start the game.
lenthirteen ratingthree gave 5stars before the update and will be giving another 5 if you fix this.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwentyone ratingfour there is a lot i like and quite a bit i don't like but over all its a fun game :)
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lentwentytwo ratingthree after update the game lags really bad on my galaxy tab 2.great game but impossible to play when lagging like it is
lenfive ratingthree the game lags too much.
lenten ratingthree doesn't recognize a swipe and results in a death.
lenseven ratingthree would have given 5 stars if ran smoothly.
lentwentysix ratingthree i like the fact that they updated the graphics and all, but it lags like crazy on my nexus s! i hope it gets updated soon.
lenthree ratingfive its pretty awesome!
leneleven ratingfive wow i love this: addictive cos its so challenging and exiting :)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingthree this game is much better than the original but there are bugs.
leneight ratingthree 500k coin objective completed after the 1 million coin objective.
lenthirteen ratingthree changed review to 3 stars due to the unrealistic final objective of 10 million meters.
leneighteen ratingthree get real, i have completed every other objective and only have 8.5 million meters to go to reach 10 million.
leneleven ratingthree if i keep playing it will take months to reach that.
lenfourteen ratingfive best game ever since your reading this don't read it just get it!
lentwentythree ratingfive i didn't think i would say this when i 1st downloaded this game but this is way better than the 1st best game eva
lenseven ratingfive this game is addictive i love it
lenthirtynine ratingthree it will cut out in the middle of a game and it wont save your score or coins but if you use any diamond during the game then it takes those away  besides that it is a perfect game
lenfourteen ratingfour dont give the five stars bc it lacks of some sensitive feedback on turns
lenfour ratingfive love the new features
lenfour ratingfive this game is extreme!
lentwentyone ratingone when i press the game and its loading it turns the game off not my phone but the game temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive great game to play, i could play this the whole day :)
lenfive ratingfour awas kecanduan maen game ini.
lentwo ratingfour gila bnget
lentwentyfive ratingthree everytime i buy gems to save myself it never lets me use them i jus bought 500 and it says i have none.so not cool
lenfive ratingfive best endless runner out there!
lenfifteen ratingtwo would be a good game and 5 stars but its steadily crashing on my samsung galaxy!
lenseven ratingtwo will change to 5 stars if its fixed
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingthree need to fix the 500keep coins objective.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive such a good time killer.
leneight ratingone it was force closing on my galaxy tab
lenthree ratingfive need more laps.
lenfour ratingthree this game is great.
lenseven ratingthree but it force closes now and then. :/
leneighteen ratingfive not onlyndoesnit vastly improve on what made the original fun, it varied the gameplay to make it replayable.
lenfive ratingfive i like how its freee
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lenthirteen ratingtwo i just installed this game about a week ago and i loved it.
lennineteen ratingtwo that is until today whenever i start playing it freezes and the screen flashes like their is a glitch.
lennine ratingtwo will give more stars when this issue is addressed.
lenfour ratingfive so fun, great graphics.
lenthree ratingfive worth the download.
leneleven ratingfour sometimes it is abit repetetive and also is a bit 'glitchy'
lensix ratingfive luv this one to the max
lentwentyfive ratingfour when you activate your upgrade by double tapping and the same upgrade comes, the upgrade only last for the time you got the first upgrade.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfour good app.makes me not wanna play the original.lol!
lensixteen ratingone but after two days it wouldnt open so i had to uninstall it and start over.
leneighteen ratingfive i didn't know what expect when i first downloaded it, but i'm so glad i did.
lenseven ratingfive now i can't stop playing it.
lenseven ratingfive it plays excellent on my, evo 4g lte
leneleven ratingfive this game is awsom my son nevet gives me my phone.
lenseventeen ratingone the game doesnt want to open and it force closes on the samsung galaxy s. plz fix
lenseven ratingfour a very good game to relax b-)
leneight ratingfive this game is ten times better than number 1
lenthree ratingfive awesome n adicting
lensixteen ratingthree it is a good game but it takes forever to start and a waste of time
lensixteen ratingthree it wont download for me sad.but i love the graphics lol xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox  happy valentines day
lenthirteen ratingfive great game and very addictive just a little laggy once in a while
lentwo ratingfive love itttttttt
leneleven ratingone i uninstalled all my apps just to get nothing back.lame!
lentwentythree ratingfive please listen to us:  everyone wants to compete with friends on facebook.please make it so you can see your fb friends score!
lenfortyone ratingfive you will get much more 5 star ratings and downloads because other games like subway surfers do that so please listen to us otherwise me,  and many of my friends will play games like subway surfers even though your game is epic!
lentwelve ratingfive also everyone has to tilt their phone virtually sideways for the cart.
leneleven ratingfive they have done a great job with part 2 of temple run!
lennine ratingfive i first played it i was very over wellmnd
lenfive ratingfour i like the newer look
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is the eeesh!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensixteen ratingone i really liked temple run 1 but this one wont even install on my phone please fix.:(
lenfour ratingfour overall a great game.
lentwenty ratingfour only change i would make is a distance and gem meter so you coult track these easier for xertain advancements.
lentwo ratingfive extremely fun!
lenfourteen ratingfour why is it that when i swipe to move it doesn't always work?
lenten ratingfour i've died like a milion times because of this!
lenthree ratingfive temple run .bruhhh
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is an outragous game!
lennine ratingfive it's adventures and power ups r soo great!
lentwenty ratingfive i like the first temple run, but this one was over the top and really improved into something exceptionally fantastic!
lenfourteen ratingfive i suggest that u try it out!.remember that it never hurts to try .
leneleven ratingfive chances r that u and everyone else will love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfive the awesome part is that this adventureous, marvelous game does not require wi-fi!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive fun to play good looking and not sloppy.
lentwelve ratingfive pick up at a good speed looks like fun for every one
lennine ratingfive i tried is at church and it was cool
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingtwo doesnt work on motorola mb520
leneight ratingfive really good game very fast in my android.
lennine ratingfive and hold your phone tight when playing this game.
lenfive ratingfour this is an awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfour i can not think of any ways this game could be better! :)
lensixteen ratingone like the game but cant collect more 2500 coins so cant upgrade makes it boring to play
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenseven ratingfive i love it because its never boring
lentwo ratingfive swere  pep
lenfourteen ratingone i enjoy the game but this is the second time it has reset randomly.
leneight ratingone all my stats, powers, everything back to zero.
lenseven ratingone fix that and it'll be better.
lenfourteen ratingfive its my favorite and one of the best games in history, fun and easy.
lenseven ratingfive best running game for android by far.
lennine ratingfive loved the first one and this one is 100% better.
lenseven ratingfive wish the bear one was free also.
lensix ratingfive im so addicted to playing it
lenfifteen ratingfive who ever made up this game i bet you he's a billionaire no lie
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenfive ratingfive five stars all the way.
lenthirteen ratingthree i've tried this game on numerous devices and the same problem remains.
leneleven ratingthree it lags out and you die it's way to frustrating.
lenseventeen ratingthree it's like losing in old school street fighter 2 when you wanted to chuck the controller haha
lenten ratingone its does go le t and right when collecting coins
leneighteen ratingfive when u start playing it takes time to get used but later on you feel intersting to continue
lensixteen ratingfive love the new graphics it looks amazing on my galaxy note.easy to steer and addicting
lentwelve ratingfive a definite upgrade from the first temple run (which i also loved).
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i love this game, don't get me wrong but every so often, when i've unlocked a bunch of features, characters, levels, the game just resets and makes me start over.
lentwelve ratingthree i hate having to collect coins again to unlock everything i lost.
lensixteen ratingfour good graphics but reused all the objectives from the old game had half as many characters.
leneighteen ratingfour oh, and another point, the game has extremely insensitive controls which makes it hard to jump or dodge
lenthree ratingfive an awsome game !
lenfour ratingfive dont lose ur time
lentwo ratingfive perfect yo
lentwelve ratingthree its a li5the confusing with the different background and surroundings but its challenging
lensix ratingone does not work for samsung infuse.
lennine ratingone and it sucks because i heard it was good
lenfive ratingfive i am lovig this game
lenfourteen ratingfour i see hell of improvment from the first version, waw this game is awesome
lenfive ratingone wouldnt work on my phone.
lenfifteen ratingone what is the point in having a game which won't load on peoples phones
leneleven ratingfour good game but why can't set sensitivity by my self ?
lenfour ratingfive brilliantly done great game
lenthree ratingfive great game on ?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game! :)
lenfive ratingfive love  temple run 2 even better
lenfourteen ratingfour beautifully designed, temple run 2 is one of these games whose gameplay is just fantastic.
lentwentyone ratingfour the only bug/problem i've experienced so far is: it won't pause when my phone shows a "low battery"
lensix ratingfour popup, which made me lose, sometimes.
lensix ratingfour except this, the game is perfect.
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is the coolest game ever!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive addiction alert
lensix ratingfive great game, improved on the first.
lenthirteen ratingtwo everytime i die or exit the game i also lose all my coins.
lennine ratingtwo the game is not keeping track of my coins.
leneight ratingfive it's waaaay better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive this games rocks love it toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
lennine ratingfive this game is probably the most wanted game eva!
lenthirteen ratingfour i just have to keep on trying again and again after i die.
lenfour ratingfive really fun entertaining  game
lenfour ratingfive my favorite cellphone game
lenseventeen ratingone every time i try to play, the app will open and then the game will quit out
lenfour ratingfive really fun and addicting
leneleven ratingfive better then the first.and best of this kind of games
lenfive ratingfive the kids love it too.
lenfifteen ratingfour but on objective where need to collect 500.000 coins its stucked on midle, like its collected 250.000.
lensix ratingfour i've collected more than 500.000 coins.
leneight ratingfour on objective where need to collect 1.000.000 its ok.
lentwo ratingfive super game!
lenfour ratingfive verry addictive and challenging ;)
lenfifteen ratingone it took me a while to realize that my coins kept being reset to zero!
lenten ratingone every time i got to 2,500 it would reset to zero.
lenten ratingone i uninstalled it and am hoping someone will fix this!
lensixteen ratingfive it hits all of the best qualities of its predecessors, with improved speed, graphics, and balance.
lentwelve ratingfive * powerups don't stack * infinirunner to get level 9 is a tad unreasonable.
lenfour ratingfive approx 111 hours of running!
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game.
lentwo ratingfive great quality.
lenfive ratingfour i enjoy playing this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice upgrade
lenfour ratingfive lol i love it
lenfive ratingfive great with music and boredom
lennineteen ratingfive wow this game is big fun & i should be shame of playing it being im 34yrs young but im not :-) !
lennine ratingone ive uninstaled once n im about to uninstall again!
leneleven ratingone im sure gunna b back to level1  wich is soooo   aughhhhh .y!?
lentwo ratingfour great upgrade
lenfive ratingone this game doesnt even work.
lenten ratingone it just force closes when i try to open it.
lenfour ratingfive most addictive game ever!
lenfour ratingfive love it so fun
leneight ratingfive this game is cool and it's better
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingfive i hated this game at first because it seemed impossible to score past 70,000.
leneight ratingfive lol.it gets better when u keep playing!
lenseven ratingfive it's the same with more variety.
lenfive ratingfive best way to pass time
leneleven ratingfour every time i start the game, it starts in tutorial mode.
lentwentytwo ratingfour but when i go to change the settings, the back button doesn't work, the game freezes, and it doesn't save >:-(
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive awesome i can't stop playing it!
lensix ratingfive so amazing just like temple run
lenten ratingone this game never made it past the first load screen!
lentwo ratingfour cool game!
lenfifteen ratingone i've had for a while and just recently it doesn't want to open!:(
lenten ratingthree love this game but the objectives are a bit extreme!
lentwentyone ratingthree my 500000 lifetime coins objective has suddenley frozen although ive collected 500000+, if this isnt solved on next update will swiftly been uninstalling!
lensix ratingfive nice we have now temple run.
lenthirteen ratingtwo everytime i die or exit the game i also lose all my coins.
lenfive ratingone must still have software bugs.
lennine ratingone runs ok for about 5 minutes and then locks up.
leneight ratingone it is not possible to restart the game.
lennine ratingone requiors a complete uninstall and then a fresh reinstall.
lenfifteen ratingtwo keep suffering unnecessary deaths due to freezes and ill swipe and it won't respond
lenfortynine ratingone everytime i click on it to play, it exits me out and i can't play it.even if i go to google play and click open, it still shuts me out.!please fix so i can play!i also tried uninstalling and redownloading but its still doing it!
lenfive ratingthree on droid three super glitchy
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfortythree ratingone it started off great but then it deleted my stuff an started me over to level one an i was on level six with 9 gems an now everytime i start it freezes up an start me over back to square one every time.
lentwentyone ratingone game was great until it stopped working. :( i was beginning to really get hooked on tr2 and then it quit working. uninstalled
lennine ratingone no stars it dnt even work on my android.
lensixteen ratingone i only gave it one star cuz i had to in order to post my opinion
leneight ratingone i did not enjoy this game at all.
lenten ratingone definitely don't think it was ready to come out
lenfive ratingfive great on htc one s 4.0
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
leneight ratingfive think i like this better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive best temple game i've ever played
lenthirteen ratingone it freezes on the loading screen and goes back to the app page
lenthree ratingfive cheers great game!:-) :-)
lenseven ratingfive i really love this game.looks real.
lensix ratingfour loveeee so much better then the 1st
leneight ratingfive awsome app it's fun and addicting haha
leneleven ratingone i have an android and temple run wont start and crashes!
lenten ratingone already updated it but it still wont work please update!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfour alot of people think its hard still the same
leneight ratingthree why can't this game be completely muted?
lenten ratingthree there is always a sound when the character is running.
lennine ratingthree this game is really fun but needs some help.
lennine ratingthree it feels like a first try, not a sequel.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfifteen ratingone purchased coins and never received them once i get my coins i'll rate 5 star.
lenfive ratingone overall fun addictive beautiful game
lennineteen ratingone doesn't work for my phone. :/   i was looking forward to playing it on my phone and i cant .  :(
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is my new favorite game on my phone!
lennineteen ratingfive i have played timple run 1 and i feel in love now there is this , like the hivan in hivan
lenthree ratingfive cool beans           yeah
lenthree ratingfive score 1.2 mil :p
lensixteen ratingfive have this game on ipod just encase i lose one but apple still getting better graphics
lenseven ratingfive just what i've been waiting on
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingone its driving me crazy please figure out a solution i adore this game.
lensix ratingfive love it can't wait 4 number 3
lenfive ratingthree is freezing all the time
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfifteen ratingfive love it so much and it rocks the whole world and everyone loves it too
lentwelve ratingthree it was fine at first but now its getting laggy please fix!
lenfive ratingthree don't want to uninstall
lentwelve ratingfour never disappoints and is a great pastime, though turns could be smoother.
lensix ratingfour it lags my samsung galaxy tab 2.
leneight ratingfour fix that, and it is an easy 5 stars.
lenten ratingfive a worthy sequel to the first, greatly improving game play.
lenfifteen ratingone like everyone else, i open the app, the cool green "i" comes up (the logo).
lennineteen ratingone then after about a minute, i get the quick buzz, and then a few seconds later a double buzz.
lensix ratingone shame, it looked like a blast.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenten ratingfour still sometimes requires more horsepower than my phone has available.
lentwentytwo ratingfive tempol run part two is awesome just to let u know if u don't know what it is its really fun
lentwo ratingfour minor bugs.
lentwentytwo ratingfour well when u first downlosded it , it was laggy and jumpy bit then after the up dates it was better awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenthree ratingfour lags a bit
lenfive ratingfive but doesn't save coins.
lenfive ratingfour i sooo luv dis game
lenfive ratingfive i like love this version.
leneight ratingfour the last two objectives are abit too extreme.
lenfour ratingfour it is like, "seriously?"
lensix ratingfour it is very unreasonable and pointless.
lensix ratingone opens, freezes, shuts down, every time!
lenfive ratingone looking forward to playing too!
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive love it from day one
lenten ratingfive love it so much i can't live without it
lenfour ratingfive i love templ run
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfour cant get 500k lifetime coins bonus however which leaves you pretty stuck.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfive ratingfive great quality i love it
lentwo ratingfive great app
lennineteen ratingthree the graphicks are excellent but it has a bug,and it stops working somtimes!find solution to this pls
lensix ratingfour fun, but more of the same.
lenthree ratingfive helps pass time!
lensixteen ratingfive best game i ever played way better than any other running game you can think of.
lenfive ratingfive every 1 should download this app!
lenfour ratingfive awesome i love it!
lenseven ratingfive very addictive and time consuming.love it
lenfourteen ratingone well, other than the fact that it started not recording my highs scores anymore.
lentwelve ratingone then it started losing all records of things i purchased or achieved.
lenseven ratingfive huge improvement over the last temple run.
leneight ratingfive very impressed with the graphics and game changes.
lenfive ratingfive as addictive as the original.
lenfive ratingfive this is my favorite game
lenfifteen ratingone i downloaded and uninstalled this game several times and it consistently crashes before it loads.
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome i love it
lenseven ratingtwo doesn't work on my lg thrill.
lentwo ratingtwo negative 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive fun game love to play
leneight ratingfour i love the new options and better graphics.
lenfortysix ratingfive i have been anticipating this for ages, and i was not let down - amazing new graphics and lovely new features like the rope and mineshafts, plus the added scare of the giant monkey - works smoothly and perfectly on my samsung galaxy ace 2, five stars from me <3
lenfive ratingfive helps me pass the time.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this temple run 2 experience is alot better than temple run 1 , when you play this game it's way more fun than usual and there is no lagging!
lenseven ratingfive just add addicting as the first one
lenten ratingone even after update i still cant play on my sidekick 4g
lenfive ratingfive this game is amazingly fun
lennine ratingthree has major laging, sometimes pauses game on its own.
lenseven ratingfive very addicting, can't put it down
lennine ratingfour overall this is much better game than the first.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i still have a problem with swiping upwards as it occasionally causes google now to open in the middle of the game.
lentwelve ratingfour graphics are much better and game is more responsive than the first.
lenthirteen ratingfive good use of my hands and my brain while the code is compiling
leneighteen ratingthree now this game is addicting and fun but not recommended to those with mdd or history of such.
lentwentysix ratingthree it makes one depressed playing this game, so if you're sensitive to flashing lights and prone to nausea, i'd recommend not downloading this game.
lenfour ratingfour great game to play
leneight ratingfive cool aps.better than before.nice grapics also.
leneight ratingfive its excellent game doesn't give me trouble.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's way bettrr than subway surfer and temple run. :) i recommend it.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lentwo ratingfour great features
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love this game the only problem i have is when i try to use gems it glitches then takes all my gems and says im -1 for gems*** after the update works so much better!
lenfifteen ratingone i loved the first temple run, but it freezes on the startup screen :/ plz fix
lenthirtyfive ratingone everytime i open the app on my lg touch the imagi screen comes up and then i wait for about thirty seconds and it exits the whole app.the original temple run worked just great.
lentwelve ratingone i have maybe five other apps and none of them do it.
lentwelve ratingone turned the phone off and nothing.hope you can fix thus please!
lenten ratingone i'd love to play temple run 2 heard great things.
lensixteen ratingfive its a really great game and i love all the new twists and turns they have!
lenten ratingone bought a 50,000 coin pack, never showed up in my game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfour fun and time killing.
lenseven ratingfour great for those long hours on patrol.
lenfour ratingfive very enjoyable and addictive.
leneighteen ratingfive stunning scenery and new features make this a great sequel and one of the best games on android
lenfive ratingfour brilliant app love this game
lensix ratingfive best game yet need to play !
lentwo ratingtwo lost 25k coins.
lenfour ratingtwo power upgrade not working.
lenfour ratingfive it is super fun
lenfour ratingfour great game to play.
lensix ratingfive a wonderful sequel to temple run.
lenfour ratingfive keeps you entertained beautifully.
lenten ratingfive not only that but it's free which is amazing.
lenfifteen ratingfive also the new addition of gems to save you makes it such an amazing game.
lenfourteen ratingfour but not as good as the 1st one: plz make it easier to use specials :-)
lenthree ratingfive very nice games
lenseventeen ratingtwo i love this game but i get frustrated trying to play it because it lags so badly.
lentwenty ratingtwo i will turn, jump, or slide but because it glitches i will end up dieing and it drives me nuts!
lenten ratingtwo if this was fixed i wwould play allll the time.
lenseven ratingtwo ot also really wears my battery out.
leneight ratingfour good game but it lags a bit occasionally
lennineteen ratingone wtf i cant download this at all i really want this so please fix this ( i have a galaxy s1)
lensix ratingfour i nice but sometime it freeze .
lenthree ratingfour plez update it
lenfour ratingfive love the new version
lensix ratingthree eeeh you know i got bored.
lensixteen ratingthree can you guys like add some suprise or money everytime day we play tr (temple run).
lensix ratingthree also some more missions or objectives
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive get it on ur devices.
lenthree ratingfive lisa ann mass
lennine ratingfive this game was amazing and a lot of fun.
lennine ratingfive i would recommend it to any of my friends.
lenthree ratingfour super?la primera!
lenten ratingthree lag to much but a good game with great graphics
lensix ratingfive its a great game to have.
lentwentyfour ratingfive a small bug, if my own powerup is active and i pick a powerup of same kind, the active duration doea not get extended.
lenten ratingfive i observed it with coin magnet not sure about others.
leneight ratingfour too easy i got 37 million with no hack
lensix ratingone it is a great games ever.
lenten ratingone it is very addictive than temple run1 but please, fix this!
lenfive ratingone wont open on huawei ascend
lenfive ratingfive this game is so amazing.
leneleven ratingfive i thought number 1 was great, but this is a must download!
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
lensix ratingfour i play this game for hours.
lentwo ratingthree kairul klecak
lenfourteen ratingone faulty menu screens make it impossible to change settings, change characters, or add powerups.
lenseven ratingone worked fine for a week until today.
lensix ratingone five stars if it is fixed
lenfive ratingfour it's a wonderful game.
lenfive ratingfour the graphics are really awesome.
lentwelve ratingfive i love did game it is so much better than day first
lenthirteen ratingfive i love sliding on ropes and instead of five monkeys their is two
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better then first temple run
lentwo ratingthree great sequel.
lenseventeen ratingthree purchasing extra content like the coin doubler and extra coins doesn't work, you'll get scammed.
lenthree ratingthree just lost $10 dollars. :/
lenfour ratingfive so fun to play
leneight ratingone it doesn't work on my htc desire.
lentwenty ratingone i don't know why but it doesn't. its a shame because the first temple run was so addictive
lennineteen ratingone when you reach 500k lifetime coins, the progress bar is only half filled and you do not receive the exp.
lenseven ratingone always making it better for  different phones
lenseven ratingfive this is the most epic game ever.
lentwo ratingfive flipping amazing!
lennineteen ratingfour when i am running it would skip and i would die because when it skipped i ran into something.
leneight ratingfour please fix the skipping when i am running
lenseven ratingfive the game runs smooth, i like it.
lenthree ratingfive addictive and exciting.
lenten ratingfive only game i play now after mastering the first one.
leneight ratingfour double coin mode doesn't seem to work.
lentwelve ratingfour great game,  but spent $5 to get double coins but doesn't work.
lentwo ratingthree great.entertaining.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
leneighteen ratingthree i love this game, but i stop playing it because the random coin loss still isn't fixed!
lenfourteen ratingone it wont even let me open it it goes back to my home screen
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is awesome at first it was confusing but now i can't stop playing it.
lentwelve ratingfive i had really enjoyed temple run but this is much more challenging
lenfive ratingfive awesome app cant ask 4 more
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwentyfour ratingfour i love playin but some times it freezes and it makes me lose when it does and it makes my phone freeze to sometimes
leneighteen ratingtwo it wont let me open and play, i have tried to redownload and it still doesn't work.
lennine ratingtwo i'm thinking my phone is just to old.
lensix ratingfive it is fun toya c.t
lenseven ratingfive my daughter loves this game like crazy:).
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome
lensix ratingfive this one makes u think critically.
lenfifteen ratingfour why i post ok is because i  suck at it i give it four stars.
lennine ratingone wouldd open for like five seconds then force close
lentwelve ratingone this game has a ton of problems that need to be solved.
lensixtyone ratingone it does not respond to your touch all th time, will randomly shut down, the objectives are chosen for you and if you previously had done what it is asking for it does not accept it, plus sometimes you can do something and it lets you live while other times it will kill you, etc. it gets on my nerves quickly.
leneleven ratingfour the best running game but not better then temple run brave.
leneight ratingfive great job.like the new twists and turns.
lenfourteen ratingthree when i open it up it says the intro thing but dose'nt open
lenseven ratingfive great job for increase the visual quality
leneight ratingone but now i cant play it any more.
lenten ratingone when i change the visual setting from low to high.
leneleven ratingone it force close again and again when i open this game
lenseventeen ratingfour best game ever i thought i loved temple run but i love temple run 2 so much better!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lennine ratingone can't even get to the game just awful
lenfour ratingfive wow the superb game.
lenseven ratingfive good work guys:-)enjoying to the core!
lenfour ratingfive download guys have fun:-);-)
lenseven ratingfive this is a fun and additive game
lenfive ratingfive greatest experience playing an android :)  :)
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfour pls increase the difficulty level as u proceed!
leneight ratingfour and pls get the oldie from temple run 1;-)
lensix ratingfive great follow up from temple run!
lenfifteen ratingfive a few bugs, but nothing that won't be ironed out in the next update.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lentwentysix ratingfive my 6 and 3 year old daughters and i have made it a friendly competition, we all get on our tablets and see who can outlive the rest.
lensixteen ratingfive its tight competition between the oldest and i. who knew family time could be so awesome!
lenten ratingfour asome.game great graphics just need to fix tilt sesitivity
leneight ratingfive love temple run 2 great improvement from the first!
leneight ratingfive so much fun can't put it down!
lentwentythree ratingfour would give five if (despite running on lowest quality with no other apps running) i didn't die rather often due to lag.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfour great game other then one major problem the coin level will decrease on its own without buying things
leneight ratingone doesn't run on samsung galaxy tab gt p1000.
lensix ratingone crashes as soon as it starts.
leneleven ratingone also the resolution doesnt seem to be accurate enough for my 7"
lenthirteen ratingfour whenever someone calls in the middle of the game and i attend call .
lensixteen ratingfour after talking game restart like launching game from the beginning and all the progresses get vanished.
lensix ratingfour this issue needs to be resolved.
leneight ratingone still does not work on the  samsung infuse.
lenthree ratingone keeps force closing.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's better then the first version and the graphics are good.must download.
leneight ratingfive my son got me hooked on temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive now i am having just as much fun trying to keep running on this version.
leneleven ratingfive this game is really entertaining & very fun i really love it (:
lenseven ratingfive much more challenging than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive super fun and addicting.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are great!
lensix ratingfive definitely better then temple run original
lensix ratingone only loads logo then force closes
lentwentytwo ratingthree app always seems to show up in my list of what has been using battery.even when i haven't opened it.
lenfive ratingthree uninstalling untill this is fixed.
lenten ratingthree would be a five star game if not for that.
lenfive ratingone i sooo luv dis game
lenfive ratingfour i really enjoy this game.
lentwentyfive ratingfour for whatever reason though it won't unlock the magnet upgrade on level 5 i'm on level 9 and would really like to try that out.
lentwentythree ratingfour sometimes when i click play after checking upgrades it doesnt start and i need to exit the game, for it to begin again.
lenseven ratingfive this game is very fun and addicting.
leneight ratingfive you always you to beat your high score.
lenfifteen ratingfive my friends turn me on to game and life just hasn't been the same.
lennine ratingfive it's a great game for young and old.
lentwelve ratingfive how can you argue with a fun free game with no adds
lentwo ratingfive great fame
lenthirtyseven ratingtwo while is was playing my phone shut off and when i turned it back on it would just got to the the title and shut off so i reinstalled it but lost all my upgrades and scarlet
lenthirteen ratingfive they should add leaderboards and add more statistics to their flimsy stat page.
lenten ratingfive other than that it's a fun little time killer.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive like the game can get coins faster
lentwelve ratingfive this game wad like a drug and i m addicted to it
lenthirtysix ratingfour you should let the user fulfill the objectives whenever he completes them for example in level 2 i already used save me for 2 times, but then at level 5 i think i had to complete this objective again.
lenfour ratingfive this  game is awsome
lenfive ratingfive this app is very addictive.
lennine ratingfive great for killing time when you have to wait.
lenfive ratingfive the best  run  game  ever.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfive ratingone i cant load the game
lennineteen ratingone every time i open it, it will go to the imagni studios and then kick me off the game!
lenfive ratingfive the game is flawless now.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfive a little difficult but thats cuz im tarded
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.!
lentwentysix ratingone i hate this game the first temple run is the best i downloaded it thinking it would be better and it sucked just a horrible gamr
leneighteen ratingfive good app for time pass if there is any stage or level, it will be more amazing game
leneleven ratingfour vry nyc game.bt the objectives.hv gt hanged on level 8.
lenfourteen ratingfour imangi plsss look into this matter .plss gt it dne as soon as possible.
lensix ratingfive amazing nd addictive game must download
lentwelve ratingfive awesome keep it up #period?ratingone game crashes at the opening screen.
lentwo ratingfive highly entertaining.
leneleven ratingfive this is a great game, i really like the new additions.
lentwentysix ratingfive i was a fan of the first temple run, and wasn't sure how they could make a sequel, but they did it and it rocks!
lentwo ratingfive excellent awesome
lenseventeen ratingfour i thought temple run 2 was a good continuation of the successful game and like the new adventures
lenfour ratingfive better dan subway!now!
lenfive ratingfive one hell of a game
lennine ratingfive way better than temple run 1 waiting for temple run 3 :)
lenfour ratingfive its great.really challenging!
lenseven ratingone i cannot even play the bloody thing.
leneleven ratingfour nice graphics but what's up with the green lifesaving coins.
lennineteen ratingfour i have nor played temple run 1, i was doubtful whether it will run well on my handset or not.
lenseven ratingfour little addictive but i m enjoying it. :-)
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the update,  takes the game to another level but i have a couple minor issues.
lentwentythree ratingfour i've passed 500,000 coins but still haven't gotten the objective check mark and even if you complete an objective like "run 10,000 meters"
lentwentyfive ratingfour and if it isn't one of the objectives you're trying to accomplish on your current list you don't get credit for it.
lenten ratingfour still a great game though,  would recommend it to anyone.
lennine ratingone my highscore always lost if i start this game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent application
lensix ratingtwo my current progress has been lost.
lennine ratingtwo and now the game is stuck on tutorial mode.
lenseven ratingfive best game by far, challenging and fun.
lentwo ratingfive spectacular game!
lentwentysix ratingone when i finish the tutorial and i die in the game it won't load up the menu after when it says "save me". -htc inspire 4g
lenfour ratingtwo controls are very slow
lentwelve ratingfive excellent game but every time i fall on the rally single rail
lensix ratingfive excellent work well designed and ui.
lenfive ratingfive u guys really deserve to *****.
lensixteen ratingfive but please add one feature to save or resume the game after finish the phone call
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive super good yup sure is
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive more of a challenge.
lennine ratingfive hills, water falls, and more obstacles to jump through.
lenthirtyone ratingfour fun game as usual, and more challenging than the first version, but the objectives are far too buggy, even after they had the first update, which fixed a few of them.
lennine ratingfour not to mention the final objective - run 10 million meters.
lensix ratingfour 1,000 games or more to get to.
lennine ratingfour not as fun as the first but still great.
lenfive ratingfour controls are weird at times
leneighteen ratingthree it's a cool game , but every time i turn around my points are gone that i earned.
lentwo ratingthree pretty aggravating.
lensix ratingfive it is amazing and freaking awesome:-)
lentwentythree ratingfive this game,e is lots of fun and easy to play, which makes it fun for my 6 year old as well as myself!
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree its cool but the game software developers should make better longer games that have a purpose that really get the player addicted to the game an wont put there phone/ipod down
lenfive ratingthree lags and glitches on tmobile gs3
lensix ratingfive addicted to it n loving it
lentwenty ratingfive i've turn the game to best graphic in settings and when i play the game i was like "wtf?"
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the new stuff in it and the background where u run is awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentythree ratingone when i try to jump, slide or turn left or right sometimes it won't let me and i die all the time.
leneighteen ratingtwo as a stand alone game it would have been average, but in comparison to the original its terrible.
lennineteen ratingtwo i would have expected this to be at least as good as the original, but it pales in comparison.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo awkward camera movements, borderline useless upgrades, aggravating upgrade system, frequent crashes, and annoying cart rides plague the sequel to one of my favorite games on the android market.
lennine ratingtwo i'm just going to stick with the original.
lennine ratingone i can't load the game after installing it.
lenthirteen ratingfour it's better thn 1 new levels and bst play in sony xperia j
lenfive ratingfive the best running game ever!
lennine ratingtwo it keeps stopping everytime i turn and/or jump.
leneleven ratingfive even more fun than temple run one due to increased complexity!
leneight ratingfive very good game excellent graphics and totally addictive :-)
lenfour ratingone i purchased game coins.
lenthree ratingone cost 19.98 for 2 packs.
lentwentyeight ratingone its been days an i have yet too receive my coins an i have emailed everyone i can to find out why an i never get a response!
leneight ratingone games good people who made it are crooks!
leneleven ratingfive it was awesome  it is awesome ir will always be awesome. .
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingtwo had over 3000 coins and then they were all gone.
lenfive ratingtwo this is now happening regularly.
lenfour ratingfive pls add more abilities
lenfive ratingfive this game temple run2 is fun.
lenfour ratingfive love it so addicting.
lenfive ratingfive this is a kool game!
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenfive ratingfour but need some more things.
lennine ratingfour like cant finish tjis game just run and run.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfour ratingfive this game has addicted
lensixteen ratingfive the little changes like being outdoors and curvy/bumpy ground makes a big difference for me.
lenthirteen ratingfive in my opinion, this game is a bit easier than the first installment.
lensixteen ratingfive i was able to survive a lot longer than i would have in the first one.
lenseven ratingfive even when i dont use the gems.
lenten ratingfive however this does not ruin the gameplay experience for me.
lennine ratingfive greatly improved graphics and better than the old one
lenfour ratingfive its fun to play
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenthree ratingfive loved very munch
lenfour ratingfive goi gme must play
lensixteen ratingtwo start was superb but after few minutes into gameplay it slows down and response is poor.
lenten ratingtwo this occurs especially when you pause and resume the play.
lenthirteen ratingfour it just feels like it was designed with less care than the first.
lentwentynine ratingfour it's hard to tell what/where some obstacles are and power ups always seem like they're somewhere that will hurt me if i try to get them.
lensix ratingfour still insanely fun and addictive though.
lenfour ratingfour tr 1 was better actually
lenthirteen ratingfive i enjoyed temple run and i love temple run two it almost addicting
lenfour ratingfive thus game is addicting
lentwo ratingfour kool game
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo i love thee game really captive and well crafted but coin denominations change frequently and minor glitches have caused it to crash but overall nice game oh yeah the coins keep resetting!
lensix ratingtwo and ill changes it to 5 stars
lensix ratingtwo great game but too much lag
lenten ratingfour very good and iam addicted to this game these days.
lenthree ratingfive lot of fun
lennine ratingone i won't open on my android phone smdhh !
leneight ratingone please fix this asap i love temple run!
lenfour ratingthree fun but challenge ing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingone also blind turns and no time to react on some turns in rail cave.
lenseven ratingfive combination of "tample run 1 + rail rush".walah
lentwelve ratingone much better then the first one but doesnt work on my phone
lenseven ratingfive i love this game so freaking much!
lenfive ratingfive epicness at it's finest!
lensix ratingfour awesome job dev team great job
lentwentyone ratingfive i love the first version of the game and with the added features this is definitely one of my fav apps!
lennineteen ratingone every time i open it, it will go to the imagni studios and then kick me off the game!
lentwo ratingfive super entertainment
lenfour ratingfive very good & excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing:-) !
leneighteen ratingfive the problem is that when you put the best graphics the sensitivity is slow so please fix it
lenfive ratingfive it's pretty good game
lentwentythree ratingthree i hate how it glitches when ur playing and u die cuz u glitch off the clift or eaten by the big monkey.
lennineteen ratingthree the tracks r confusing and power ups appear in places where u end up hitiing your head and dying.
lentwo ratingfour samsung galaxy 3
leneleven ratingthree the game is a bit slow and irresponsible at the start
leneleven ratingthree on my devise it lags like crazy i cant enjoy it
lentwenty ratingfour if only more new features like jumping while on rope were added or if demon had powers too(like avalanches) :)
lensix ratingfive really good game recomend downloading it
lenfourteen ratingfive i think temple run the first is awesome but now temple run 2 extremely awesome
lenthree ratingfive its totally awesome!
lentwo ratingfive simply superb
lennine ratingfive this game is epic.better than the last one
lenfortyeight ratingfive this game is the best i'd recommend it to little kids,  so all you beautiful moms and hard working dads you should get this game for your young ones or even your older children as this game is so much fun.thanks hope to hear your say.
lenten ratingthree always stutters at crucial turning points causing me to die.
lennine ratingthree and that is with graphics set to the lowest.
leneight ratingthree this should not happen with the xperia s
lentwelve ratingfive if you thought the last one was perfect, this is perfect times 10!
lenfourteen ratingfive no bugs encountered so far, great graphics, runs smoothly even on my older tablet.
lentwentyone ratingfive more creative than the last one, more than just right angle turns, and jumping logs, this adds zip lines, curves, etc.
lensixteen ratingone when my phone looses power the game doesn't save you have to restart from beginning
lenthree ratingfive like this game
lensixteen ratingtwo i loved it the one time i got to play it keeps crashing on start up
lenthree ratingfive excellent game download
lentwo ratingfive bomb game!
lenthirteen ratingfive really enjoy all the new features of the game super fun to play
lensix ratingfive much improved from the old version.
lenthirtythree ratingfive i see that sometimes on the ropes that the tilt gets messed like when my tablet is tilted toward the right or left, it showed it at even instead of the guy leaning.
lenfifteen ratingfive i think it happens when i jump onto the rope when my tablet is tilted.
lenten ratingfive still 5 stars though, because it's not a big deal.
lentwentynine ratingfive also, the tilt is nota very sensitive, i wish it was more sensitive so that i don't have to tilt my tablet so much for it to move.
lenseven ratingfive update: got all the way to level 8.
lenten ratingfive finished all objectives except run 10,000,000 meters and collect 1 million coins.
lentwelve ratingfive no more objectives and these two are super hard to get esp.
lenthree ratingfive the 10 million meters.
lenten ratingfive also, developers, fix the bar on the 1 million coins objective.
lentwenty ratingfive it shows that it is only about one third threw when i know it is a bit more than half
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lentwenty ratingfour fun game, but hate it when you're running super fast and lags cause it's android and you die -__-
lenten ratingfive found this game added what the first one was missing.
lenfour ratingfive its free and addictive.
lentwenty ratingfour game ws nt wrkin first.nw wrkin wrkin awsome manhh.lykd tis app fix some bugs nd vil give 5 stars
lenthirteen ratingfive as fun as the first one was i will never play it again.
lentwelve ratingfour it's good better than before i got some more terrific ideas.
lensix ratingfive the awesome games unna the world.
leneleven ratingfive nice game and too addictive that i cant stop playin it!
lensix ratingfive cool game to play at work
lenfive ratingfive great job on this one.
lensix ratingfive y'all did an awesome job.
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet!
lentwo ratingfive need more.
lensix ratingfive im so addicted to this game.
lenseven ratingfive im playing as i type this lol
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfive nice remake
lenten ratingone i just send you an email to support@imangistudios.com.
lenthree ratingone nandinarnarendrar@gmail.com
lenfive ratingfive im in love with it.
lensixteen ratingfive it so beatiful of temple run 2 thank you so much from give me the temple run 2 .
lenten ratingfour but it freezes up at random points idk y man?!?!
lenthirteen ratingfour but yeah thats all yall need to fix other than that good job.
lenfortyeight ratingfour after the updating the temple run with latest file.it's not running as smooth as it was running earlier.please provide a bug fix for it or i need to move back to previous update where u provided back button for coming out of the game.thanks
lenfour ratingfive good show dev team
lenthree ratingfour expecting more improvements
lenthirteen ratingfive i was expecting it to be much worse than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this my boyfriend niece downloaded it but it's cool as hell
lenfive ratingthree some improvements over temple run.
lenfour ratingthree love the new graphics.
leneighteen ratingthree however the game still freezes from time to time which is annoying and makes it difficult to play.
leneight ratingthree fix and i'll give it five stars.
lenfive ratingfour great application lodes of fun
leneight ratingfive i love this game can't wait til tr3
lenfifteen ratingtwo i like the game, but everytime i get yo 3000 coins, iy shoots back to 1100 coins.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it sucks, because i know im not spending them, and i  cant save any.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game, very entertaining
lenfour ratingfive m gonna addicted again
lenthirty ratingfive its awsome n very very good game.i give 1000star.its very very great game.and awesome graphics.n there is no words to say about this game.plz download everyone
lentwo ratingfive bhari app
lentwentythree ratingfour good but will be better if the resume feature works after returning to the home screen of the device like in temple run 1
lennine ratingfour this game is now run properly on xperia sola.
lenseven ratingfour bug is fix must play this game
lenthree ratingfive jst lvd it .
lenten ratingfive i got 20000000+ points bt still want to got more points .
lenten ratingone do not buy any in app purchase from these guys.
lenseventeen ratingone they stole my money,  didn't give me what i purchased and will not respond to emails.
lenfifteen ratingone not changing this review until they refund me or give me what i paid for.
lenseven ratingfive the game is very excited, and entertaining
leneleven ratingfive one of the best games i've ever played i reckon
leneight ratingone doesn't work on my phone hate it
lenfifteen ratingfour do connect temple run with fb so that we can see friends score and compete.
lenfour ratingfour else a 5 star game !
lenfifteen ratingfive good game but has a steep learning curve for a first player of the game
lenfour ratingfive did anyone reach level 9?
lenfour ratingfive absoulely love this game
lentwelve ratingtwo i liked temple run 1, but now i keep losing all my coins.
lenfour ratingone its stucks in note 1.
lensix ratingone nt easy flow when we jump
lenfour ratingfive great game, great graphics
lentwentyfour ratingone will go up to to load but then kicks me out of app and i there have been other complaints like mine olease fix
lensix ratingtwo laging graphics as compare to previous.
leneight ratingtwo well tried to change but loose the quality.
lensix ratingtwo lots of amendments and fixes required.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i had to switch to a different android device because my phone broke i purchase the double coin on that phone but its not on my tablet.
lennine ratingtwo i click to reactivate but all it says is "
lenfourteen ratingtwo at least give me my  money back or fix the double coin for me.
lenten ratingfive whoever thinks this game is rubbish they must be ill
lenthree ratingfive awesome, awesome, awesome!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive practically perfect in every way!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingthree visual is nt clear than temple run 1.
lenfiftyseven ratingthree overall it's a good game and it's very addicting only problem i have is that it lags which causes me to die :(  if this problem could be fixed that would be awesome. i'm not sure if it has to do with my phone but hopefully it gets fix so that i can finally play!
lenseventeen ratingthree game doesn't work sensitively, motion sensing is poor and not fast and accurate like temple run 1
lensix ratingfive epic game love love love it.
lenseven ratingfour its a nice refresh on the original.
lensix ratingfour controls seem slower on this version
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive very much better to feel the game
lentwo ratingfive nice   game
lenseven ratingfive great game, huge improvement on the original.
lensixteen ratingfive hooked on it, would definitely recommend this game if you are a fan of the original.
leneight ratingfive reallly tooo good game i like its graphics
lenfive ratingfive i just love this game
lenten ratingthree i think this game is better than the first one.
lenfifteen ratingthree but whenever i get into the score of 3,000,000+ when i play, the game freaking lags!
lennineteen ratingfour i love this game but i tryed 6 times to play the game, it kicked me out again and again.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour please fix this because i tryed to play this game 2 days in a row but it would not work, i would have given this game 5 but there is a problm with this so it took of a star.
lenthirteen ratingfive my favorite game.its amazing.time fly once u start playing this game
lenfiftythree ratingone was good the fist time i played it and now is glitchy wont let me jump when i need to wont let me turn when i need to and sometimes once i slide down the rope it wont release me when it suppose to and kills me in midair needs some major readjustments
lenfourteen ratingfive please release an update for my celkon a89 the game quits automatically while completing loading
lentwelve ratingone doesnt work properly,lags  everytime it dies and no data is saved
lenten ratingfive awesome gaming experience its a must download game for everyone.
lenthree ratingfive loved this game.
lenfive ratingfive runs great, visuals are topnotch.
lenseven ratingfive but i wish i could play it!
lenthree ratingfive need to practice!
lenthree ratingfive great game! :d
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is the best game i ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive its superb no comments at alllllll.
lenthree ratingfive lovee the upgrade ! ?
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is almpst perfect, but it should have more ways to spend golds
lensix ratingfive m simply addicted to this game.
lentwo ratingfour great fun
lentwo ratingfive mice game
leneighteen ratingthree when you're playing this games the coins does not add to the when the upgrade notifation display
lenseven ratingfour run&run like mad for coin&diamond
lenfive ratingone the app wont even open.
lenten ratingone i've redownloaded it and restarted my phone, yet nothing.
lentwelve ratingone can you guys fix it so i can at least play it? .-.
lentwelve ratingfive game has a millisecond lag when playing causing me to die sometimes.
lenseven ratingfive tried factory reset still had same issue.
lenthree ratingone this game suck
leneight ratingfive a very gud n interesting seqeul tto play!
lentwo ratingone poor qaulity.
lenfive ratingone temple run 1 was much better
lenfour ratingfive fun addictive fun fun
lenthree ratingfour game is excellent.
leneight ratingfour some jumps are not registered when going uphill.
lentwelve ratingfour when you collect the same power up consecutively it counts as once.
lentwelve ratingfive it also runs on low hardware and is much better than previous!
lenthree ratingfour v nyc game
lennineteen ratingthree catchy game, i give the word addictive due to the need of getting further then my last drop point.
lenseven ratingthree great if i need to pass time.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree the not so giddy thing about this game is that it freezes when its time for me to run, i back out then open again and it allows me to resume so bug fix maybe.?
lenseven ratingthree thanks tho i overall enjoy temple run 2! ; )
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseventeen ratingfive purchased two lots of 150thousand coins and they have not come through, it has been at least 5 days
lennine ratingfour very good but lags sometimes need to fix it
lenthree ratingfive outstanding.brilliant game!
lentwelve ratingfive more variations than the previous game, the level system is also great.
lensix ratingfive bhut hi jda acha game h
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1!
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't know why the game keeps freezing on xperia mini pro
lensix ratingfive way to better than temple run 1!
lenfifteen ratingfour good game but some time its was lag plz fix this problem.then i give 5star
lentwo ratingfour stunning graphics
lentwelve ratingfive love it :) my daughter got me stuck on this game, thanks rachel (;
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lennine ratingfive the game is totally addictive and amazing to play
lennine ratingfive amazing game very much refined from the first part
lenten ratingone loved this game until i tried  to buy some coins.
lenseventeen ratingone it takes a lot of playing to get everything unlocked so i thought  of buying some coins.
lentwentyfive ratingone when i bought it the coin  pack took the money but no coins,tried  to contact  imangi  but its no use they won't  reply.
lenfive ratingfour lagging on single core phones
lenfour ratingfour good game totally addict
lenfive ratingthree has become more difficult now.
lensixteen ratingfour its perfect but when i bought the coin doubler the coin still doesnt double please help.
lenthree ratingfive kya game ha
lenthree ratingfive very addicting game.
lennineteen ratingfive to be honest i didnt play the first version but surprisingly i found myself addicted in this second installment.
lenseven ratingfive is more interesting than the previous one.
lensix ratingfive and runs excellently on my device.
lenfour ratingfour temple run 1 very good
lentwelve ratingfour wud have gt 5 stars if all da charechterz wer der in it!
lenfour ratingfour nywayzz i <3 temple run!
lensix ratingfive more fun than the old one
lentwelve ratingfive much better then the first one, i give it a lethal 5 stars.
leneight ratingfive probably the lethalist 5 stars i ever did give!
lenfour ratingfive nice upgrade on graphics
lenfour ratingfive favorite game right now
lentwentyfour ratingfour good game and smooth but i have a bug with objective.i already get more than 500.000 coins.but on multiplier graph meter nor syncronize
lennine ratingfive a excellent sequel to the first but still 2 easy-
lenseven ratingfive certainly d sequel is bttr thn d 1st.
lentwelve ratingfive it's landscape is d most exciting abt this game love it!
lenfive ratingfive this game is freakinly good!
lenfive ratingfive im being so competitive lol
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirty ratingone when using this game i can not move left or right to retrieve coins, cross broken paths etc i am very unhappy that i am unable to play this game.
lenfour ratingone a good game indeed.
lennine ratingone too bad it's not working on my device.
lenfive ratingone it just show "temple run"
lenseven ratingone on top and the rest is black.
lentwelve ratingone please fix, i'm jealous at looking my friend play this game
lenten ratingfive suberb work .my side 5star for this game .and owsome graphics.
lenfive ratingfour great game, lags  a bit
lenthree ratingfive superb game ever.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfive ratingthree this game is soo fun!
lenfive ratingthree but its like super sloowwwwwww!
lenfourteen ratingthree but i loveeeeeeeee it and it like really needs adjustmentss to the turn sensitivity!
lenseven ratingfive temple run is best game for cellphones.
lenthree ratingfour good bathroom game!
lenfive ratingfive nice game bter than firstone.
lenseventeen ratingone sorry guys, its really disappointing, little better than the previous version still it deserves a single star .
lentwelve ratingone sluggish, slow, tillt 180?to 0?to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity.
lensixteen ratingone tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found.
lenseven ratingone sounds like its not optimized for note 1.
lennine ratingone the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note.
lensix ratingone not recommending for galaxy note 1 users
lennine ratingfour this is way much better than other similar games
lenfifteen ratingthree the app closes by its self and continues to freeze up multiple times while playing.
lentwenty ratingthree it's almost not worth it if you can't sit down for 5 minutes to play without something going wrong.
lenthirteen ratingone temple run 2 is not working on my galaxy s 4g   please resolve this issue
lentwentyfive ratingfive but bring more new versions plz like temple run 3 and so on faster because ur bringing it late and put riding boats and more things
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
leneight ratingfive very good but he runs   faster than 1 version
lenseven ratingthree bla bla bla bla bla but good
lenfifteen ratingfour sometimes when i get over 3000 coins it deducts my coins back to 0 without purchasing anything.
lentwentyeight ratingfour or when i have a lot of coins and go and buy something, it just chooses something, deducts my points but i'm bit getting anything for it
leneight ratingfive this is wayyy better then the first one.
lenfifteen ratingfive nice game graphics are better than temple run 1.fantastic game.good work by imangi studios.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive grt game
lenfive ratingfive lagging on single core phones
lenfifteen ratingone it really wasn't working when i 1st was playing it n it stop doesnt work
lennine ratingone f.g not working in my old samsung p1010 tab :(
lenfive ratingfour could have an exit button
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive 5 star game it is.
lenfive ratingfive dramatic improvement over temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive game is cool, you really need to download it.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfour im enjoying the game so far
lensix ratingone it a kid game very easy .
lenthree ratingone good fo 3 or4years child.
lenthree ratingfive great game.u
lenfive ratingfour fun and quick game play
leneight ratingfive more fun than a barrel of demon monkeys!
lenseven ratingtwo had to uninstall due to bugs inside.
leneighteen ratingtwo please keep them out of this, however i have installed it back coz am crazy about this thing.
leneight ratingone after downloading the game won't be saved.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyone ratingfour i was almost doing my record, but in the rails i turned my mobile to the right, and what he did.
lenseven ratingfour he just went left.temple run sucks
lentwo ratingfive stunning graphics
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwelve ratingfour its a good game but it can be pretty confusing at first.
leneight ratingfour definitely not as simple as the first one.
lentwo ratingfour super game
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenseven ratingthree but i'm having trouble playing lately.
leneleven ratingthree it force closes all the time, and it's very annoying.
lenseven ratingthree hope this problem will be fix soon.
lenthree ratingfour just great fun
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first one.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive u can spend hours playing it.
lensix ratingfive fun game 5stars fr it good work
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenseven ratingthree love the game and the new powerups.
lentwentyfour ratingthree constanly freezes on my droid 3 where i have to take the battery out to reset it, and have lost data to it 3 times now.
leneight ratingfour but i dont like feature called "save me"
lenseven ratingfive ba?ml?l?k yapan bi oyun
lentwentyfour ratingfive the game would be near perfect if there were an option to change the sensitivity as it's a bit insensitive to my phone.
lenfortytwo ratingfive the progress meter for the one million coins achievement says i'm nearly halfway through (i have around 430k lifetime coins according to my stats) but the progress meter for the 500k coins achievement seems to suggest that i have less than 250k lifetime coins!
lenfour ratingfive anyone experienced similar problems?
leneight ratingfive its very interesting, exciting and challenging to play.
lenfour ratingfive specially on galaxy note 2.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is good, better than the first one i can say.
lenthirtysix ratingfive you will love it in it they have a tonal and you can drive the cart and at the first beginning there's a rope you can slid on.:) it better than temple run 1!for shore .<3
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfour the game itself is great!
lensix ratingfour but sometimes the game force closes. :(
lentwo ratingfive goog excelente !
lentwelve ratingfour this game is great but sometimes i loose because of the lagging.
leneight ratingthree freezes up a lot but a dam addiction
lentwo ratingfive addicting game.
lenfive ratingthree it lags all the time.
lenthirteen ratingfive my son loves the games plays it on my phone samsung galaxy note
lenseventeen ratingfive works damn good wit my xperia u, except in the beginning it used to be lil hanged.
lenfour ratingfive i love the computation
leneight ratingfive amazing graphics, incredible sound and last super smooth.
leneighteen ratingfive i was just bored to play subway surfer but when i play this game i become extremely addictive.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenfive ratingone doesnt open on dell streak 5!
lenseven ratingone just gets stuck at the "imangi studios"
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwelve ratingfour the only reason i gave it a 4 is that it hangs sometimes
lensixteen ratingfive great so much better than the first one lot more effects and the colors are wild!
lenfive ratingfour best runner all the time!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive everybody who likes a challenge should get this game.
lenfour ratingfour a lot of fun!
lennine ratingfive awesome excellent no word to say ma fav game
leneight ratingone keep losing my coins i gain really poor
lensix ratingone need update for motorola mb525 , not opening. .
lenseven ratingfive i overjoyed wid this game.love it.
lennine ratingfive all the classic dynamics of the original and more!
lentwo ratingfive ultimate upgrade.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics
lensix ratingfive i'll get addicted to this!
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingfive great game play
lenten ratingfive great game an a improvement from an already awesome game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i am addicted and disturbed  and more than its free wating for temple run 3
lentwentytwo ratingfour i really like temple run 2 although temple run 1 is best for me, i enjoy on temple run 1 how the game is set.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i feel as though temple run 2 is too hard for my likings, please make more straight forward then this game would be an overall: ***** 5 stars! :-)
leneight ratingfive i love temple run 2 the graphics are awesome!
lenseven ratingfive great way to kill a little time
lenseven ratingthree better graphics and sensitivity than the 1st one.
lenthirteen ratingthree but, need to use much of user friendly levels at the initial stages.
lenfifteen ratingfive the best running game i played in which the graphics,menu,every thing is good.
lenfour ratingfive just great and awesome!
lenfive ratingfive added to my awesome list.
lenfour ratingone i prefer temple run 1.
leneight ratingone so you might as well get temple run 1
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenseven ratingfive i love it i think its  excellent.
lenthirteen ratingfive it is a very fun and concentrating game and i play it everyday
lenfive ratingone i like temple run better
lenfour ratingfour great quick time passer
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is a great game.
lenfive ratingfive cudn't b ne better.
lennine ratingfour got some minor bugs,but still a great game
lentwelve ratingfour i love the game but it some times force closes the game.
leneight ratingfive much better than temple run 1 xdd more challenge.
lenseven ratingfive the cave part is kinda confusing lmao
lentwo ratingfive completely addictive
lenfive ratingone wont load on my phone
lentwo ratingfive great game :-)
lentwentyfive ratingfive on my galaxy sduos it runs pretty smoothly .but it would be the very best if it could have share the score on social media.
lenseven ratingfour really nice but takes sometime to start.
leneight ratingfour keeps showing the imangi screen for longer time.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive great work waiting for 3:-):-
lenfour ratingfive good effort by guys .
lensixteen ratingone its fun but i could only play it once then i couldn't play it again
lenfiftythree ratingone was good the fist time i played it and now is glitchy wont let me jump when i need to wont let me turn when i need to and sometimes once i slide down the rope it wont release me when it suppose to and kills me in midair needs some major readjustments
lensix ratingfive best running game at all time!
lensix ratingfive no chance really great and superb.
lenfive ratingfive nice creation,,,, all the best
lenten ratingfive i love it or is what better than tempe run
lensixteen ratingfour better graphics, more variety, more difficult, but i'm having trouble with the sensitivity and responsiveness.
lenfive ratingfour nice graphics and new challenges
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played
lentwo ratingfour nice effort.
lentwo ratingfour amazing graffic.
lenfive ratingfour i really enjoyed it thanks.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lentwelve ratingone won't actually start keeps freezing and exiting for no apparent reason.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive fun kinda glitches
lennine ratingtwo fun game but keeps lagging /: please fix if possible.
lenfifteen ratingone i hate it cause it dosent work on my android please put it on android 0+
lenfour ratingfive best for time pass
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lenfour ratingfive gimme more gimme more!
lenfive ratingone won't let me tilt.
lenfour ratingfive a great game, improved
lenfive ratingfive superb on my android tablet
lenfive ratingfive th best game ever played
lensix ratingfive i can even stop playing it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingone temple run 2 stinks!
lenten ratingfive excellent graphics with mind bending twists in the great run
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive mast hy ya game.
lenfour ratingone doesnt work on sidekick 4g
lennine ratingfive its a more interesting one than the first version
lenseventeen ratingthree still there are some glitches present in app please update.i have samsung tab 2.thanx in advance
lennineteen ratingfive sooo addictive love it muh better over the first game and the graphics are much better and runs smoother.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive graphics and powerups are better.
lentwo ratingfive mantap banget
lennine ratingfour hu is very good game & bahot acha game hai
lenfifteen ratingfour good,but sometimes it slows down and resets ,pls upload new games like this version
lennine ratingfive i can't stop playing over and over again.
lensix ratingfive this game is totally worth downloading.
leneleven ratingthree this is really fun and great improvements from the last one.
lennineteen ratingthree also i have a hard time understanding the mission because when i finish it it will not go away.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenfour ratingfour good and addict game
lenseven ratingfive difficulty is good graphic are just amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it  especially the giant monkey and the zip-line buy it now!
lenthree ratingfive love love love
lentwenty ratingfive temple run 2 is 1 of the most exciting games available for mobile devices it is challenging and the great past time
lenfive ratingfive fantastic game i like it.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfive ratingfive iam waiting for next game
lenthirteen ratingfour game is awesome.bt the tracks are limited (min).need to update it.
leneight ratingfive no comment coz it was really best apps
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
leneight ratingfour very enjoyable and challenging at the same time.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive superb graphics no bugs.
lenfour ratingfive great game excellent graphics.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive graphic s quality is good.
lenthree ratingfive excellent work guys
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyeight ratingthree the game itself if pretty fun to play and very addicting, but there are too many glitches and all that make you mess up and its very frustrating.
lenfour ratingthree overall, its pretty decent
lenfive ratingfour better than the previous one
lenseven ratingfive muy bueno corre perfecto nada de bugs!
lensix ratingfive this game is a visual  masterpiece.
lenfive ratingfive its makes your heart race.
leneight ratingfive its an edge of your seat good time.
lenseventeen ratingfive its seems like you can't see what's coming  right up til the last second, incredible.
lenfourteen ratingfive to everyone who had anything to do with the creation of this game congratulations.
leneight ratingone still  can't install on my htc desire.
lentwo ratingfour great  game.
lennine ratingfour like the graphics and the new twists n turns.
lenthirteen ratingfour not a fan of the rescue me feature the older way was better
lenfour ratingfour (except the rope thingy).
lenfive ratingfour well, need different sceneries pls :/
lensixteen ratingfour i like to play but i uninstall it because it taken as a malware by  antivirus.
lennine ratingfive perfect game for start my brain in the morning.
lenfive ratingfour very good app to insitall
lentwentyone ratingfour wud have gt 5 stars if all da charechterz wer der in it + its is taking a lot of tym to download!
lenfour ratingfour nywayzz i <3 temple run!
lenseven ratingfive lots of fun on my htc dna!
lentwentysix ratingone it doesn't work for the thrill 4g when i'm on the game it freezes and i go back to the home page waist of time
leneight ratingfive by far the best android and iphone game!
leneight ratingfive this is the best game on the planet!
lentwo ratingfive great sequal
lensix ratingfour good game to play & awesome graphics
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than temple run 1.
lenten ratingfive it has excellent graphics,competition.etc.i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive i love to play it.
lensix ratingfive so addictive and soooooooooo much fun
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lennine ratingfive it will be better if game is more hard.
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics. .
lenten ratingfive try to make the game to change the difficulty levels.
lenfour ratingfive gr8 game and amazing graphics
lensix ratingfive muito melhor do que a.primeira verso.
lentwo ratingfive podem baixar!
lennine ratingfour i wish it had online playing against other people
lenfifteen ratingfour i've tried everything i can to get rid of the lag and nothing works.
leneight ratingfour i think i'm just gonna stop playing.
leneight ratingfive top top game but needs to improve tilt.
lenten ratingfive also needs improvement in compability of the best graphic option.
leneleven ratingfive i cant believe that this game will be helpfull to me.
leneight ratingfive it will replace my stess after my work.
lenthree ratingfive thanks a lot
lenthirtyseven ratingfive there is only on glitch and that is when i try to jump a big gap or even a smaller one i will make the jump and it will act like i didnt and make me die.
lennine ratingfive other than that you guy put smiles on faces!<3
lensixteen ratingfive i feel its sligh easier to get points and coins but temple run 2 is still good.
lenten ratingfour definitely good game but would love to see different backgrounds
lenfifteen ratingthree but on objective where need to collect 500.000 coins its stucked on midle, like its collected 250.000.
lensix ratingthree i've collected more than 500.000 coins.
leneight ratingthree on objective where need to collect 1.000.000 its ok.
leneight ratingfive how can i put this love into words?
lenseven ratingfive but i am greatly enjoying this one.
lensix ratingfive a huge improvement on all front
lensix ratingone my stats was reset to zero.
lenseventeen ratingone it's the 2nd time now, 1st was when i updated it, the 2nd i dont know how and why.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lenten ratingfive i'm on level 8 and only 2 challenges left for level 9.
lennine ratingfive pls add more challenges, and fix the instant 500 coins.
lenthree ratingfive addictive and cool.
lentwelve ratingfive i woulf like to have an alternative for moving the mobile phone.
lennineteen ratingfive this temple run has more excitement and fun adventure that the first, it can only get better from here!
lenthirteen ratingtwo it keeps freezing and exiting on it's own on my galaxy s.
leneleven ratingfour does anyone knows what is the story behind the temple run ?
lenseventeen ratingfive too gud wid graphics n powerups.makes u completely addictive.thumbs up to d developer.gr8 job done
lentwo ratingfive rock'en!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingone i was so looking forward to this game and downloaded it and it freezes at the start up screen then exits.
leneleven ratingone was charged for an in app purchase and never received it.
leneleven ratingone contacted the developer twice and have not gotten a response yet.
lenfifteen ratingone i will change my rating and review if this issue it's taking care of.
lenfour ratingfive i loved this game
lentwentytwo ratingone constant drop in fps basically unplayable it doesn't even deserve a star i would give half a star if i could
lentwentyfive ratingthree accelerometer needs to be more sensitive when i tilt my phone to grab coins i have to tilt till i can't see the screen
lennine ratingone please make it compatible with the samsung galaxy ace
leneleven ratingone i had 141 gems and later found that i only have 41 remaining.
lenseven ratingone so i lost 100 gems with no reason.
lenten ratingone no one borrowed my tablet from me i know it.
lenseven ratingone give me my 100 gems back, else, uninstalling.
lenfour ratingone i wasted my time.
lenseventeen ratingone i literally became teary eyed when i found out that my hard work was put to waste.
leneighteen ratingone i did not even experience this from the original tr, so i don't know why this happened.
leneleven ratingone ps: i tried exiting tr2 then restarted my tablet, then launched tr2 again.
lenthree ratingfive luv this game.
lenthree ratingfive absolute time killer
lentwo ratingfive extremely addictive
lentwo ratingfive great game! :)
leneleven ratingone cant even open the app it crashes at the opening screen!
lenfour ratingfive such a nice game :)
lensix ratingfive i love to play this game.
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphics as well
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenthirteen ratingfour i will give you five stars when you ad sensitivity control in menu
lenfive ratingfive osam game my score is 5300000
lentwo ratingthree awesome game.!
lenthirteen ratingthree bt aftr updating to 1.0.1.1 i can't move  it to my sd card.
lenthirteen ratingfour the best game ever way better than the last one temple tun 2 rocks!
lenseventeen ratingfive the mine tunnels are a great addition though i think the cookouts are a but too bright.
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much
lennine ratingfour too easy to die but i'm enjoying it
lenthirty ratingone i have tried installing it 5 times now but it freezes on the 'imangi studios' start up screen and takes me back to my home page after a while.htc desire
lenseven ratingfive greatest game on android and ios systems
lenfour ratingfour better graphics and achievments.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i keep losing coins when i haven't even bought anything lost over 10000
lenthirteen ratingfive awesome game i like it very much.i became edit to thid game
lentwelve ratingfive does not work and fgoes back to my homepage instead of starting
lenfour ratingfive well made, brilliant game.
lenten ratingtwo this is a 5 star game with a 0 star problem: 2.5 rating.
lenthree ratingtwo great graphics rendering.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i never played the first, but really enjoy the skill tree/upgrade ability.
leneight ratingtwo at almost all times, ui is very responsive.
lenfive ratingtwo except for one major glitch.
lentwentythree ratingtwo every time, without fail, the in-game distance/progress notification causes a complete lag in the ui's touch responsiveness (on an siii).
leneight ratingtwo if on a straightaway, this causes no problem.
lennineteen ratingtwo however, if a turn, duck or jump occurs at the moment of notification, you'll miss it every time.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is a fantastic sequel from temple run and i recamend it to be played.
lensix ratingfive also, that is a great deal!
lenten ratingfive this is a very good game you must download it
leneight ratingfive it is a great game with great graphics
lenseven ratingfive its a perfect game for time burster
lentwentysix ratingfive excellent game make you addict better than temple run 1.for me this the best game ever.never bored.like to give more than 5 stars if can
lentwo ratingfive truely amazing!
lensix ratingfive this is an awesome free game.
lennine ratingthree good but graphics were better in part one was
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lentwelve ratingfive like all the new features in the game  very happy with it.
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting!
leneight ratingfive great franchise; game runs perfectly on my gnex
lentwelve ratingfive do not play unless prepared for eye strain and serious hand cramp!
lenfour ratingfive extremely addictive ! :d x
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run was the best running game but temple run 2 is even better!
lenten ratingfive just awesome game with lots of new graphics and colors.
lenthree ratingthree a bit slow
leneighteen ratingfour this games runs very smooth on device which is running on android ics.this is a brilliant game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i am commenting without playing thiz game bcuz i know it its awsommee.!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the game is great it is difficult which keeps me playing but the lag even on the lowest graphics i lag on my samsung galaxy s 3 is crazy fix the lag please!
lentwenty ratingfive yes the lag from the first temple run all ways got on my nerves but now there's no lag !
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing :)
lenfive ratingfive its so much fun game.
lenten ratingfive its more addict and has great imaging and attractive path.
lenten ratingfive it's definitely a lot more fun than previous version.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lennine ratingfive i love this game its fast, fun, and  more
lentwelve ratingfour good game with exelent graphics and im enjoing a lot  really great ?
lentwenty ratingfive don't really have any complaints, it runs just as it should although my slow phone sometimes makes it lag.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingtwo ok i love temple run 2.
lenten ratingtwo but after running thousands of meters and getting new characters.
lenten ratingtwo i start up the game to find all progress deleted.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent sequal
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenthree ratingfive me like lol
lentwelve ratingtwo love this game but can't upgrade anymore because losing coins when 2500 - 3000.
lenseven ratingtwo i uninstalled, then reinstalled but no difference.
lenfive ratingtwo emailed imagi but no reply.
leneleven ratingtwo very disappointing because it is or could be a great game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo keep being asked to rate jt, already done it, down to 2 stars coin issue still not resolved.
lentwentyfour ratingone ask for force close in my motorola mb520 temple run was good working in handset but this is not after instating i am uninstaling immediate.
lentwo ratingone pooooooooooor timewate
lentwelve ratingfour if this was linked to facebook it would get my full rating.
lenfive ratingthree nt as gud as accepted.
lenthirtyone ratingone its is a stupid game temple run is better that temple run2 why must cut the gold when we died we cannot collect lot of gold for is worst game    game stupid
lenfour ratingfive this game is great .
lennine ratingfive doesn't make my phone run slow at all.
lentwo ratingfive great levels.
lenfifteen ratingfive the big monkey scares me, but overall this is a good game to pass time!:)
lentwelve ratingone when u click it it never comes out on my phone sk 4g.
lennineteen ratingfive thorougly enjoyed the new temple run :) could do with more characters but apart from that outstanding in every way !
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing graphics and a really fun game, i love it il recommend it to everyone :-)
lenfive ratingone paid $4.99 for the coin doubler.
lenseven ratingone now where's my doubled coin amount.?
leneight ratingone it's been three weeks since i paid.
lennine ratingone i've sent four emails and received no response.
lensix ratingfive it's the best run game .
lenten ratingfive far much better then temple run and tempke run brave .
lentwentyfive ratingfive i've never been so addicted to a game in my whole life the game is awesome make a temple run 3 that would be great
lensix ratingfour awesome game, but sometimes it freezes.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive goooooood game
lennine ratingthree it's fun but i find its too easy
lenseven ratingfive really addictive game and time killing too
lenfour ratingthree great game to play
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenfifteen ratingfive i always wanted a game like this its amazing much much better than temple run 1
leneight ratingthree need facebook score leader board .pls fix it
lenthree ratingfour very fun game
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfifteen ratingfour cool game, but sometimes when there is water and ground, it's hard to understand
lennine ratingfour good game i like it but not as much.
lenfortytwo ratingfive this app is very touch sensitive and i cant say it enough how exciting playing this app by swipping your finger up down left and right while constantly looking adhead to stay alive and keep from being finger food from the beast!
lenseven ratingfive no words dude hatesoff adventures addictive game
lenfive ratingthree its takes longtime for downloading
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive one of the best game i have ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive its just amazing nd awesome game man!
lennineteen ratingfive this is way better than the old temple run if i can rate this game a million i would  :-)
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for third part.
lennine ratingfour this game sucks camel dik jk its pretty good
lenseven ratingfour great, fantastic, but temple run 1 is better;)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfifteen ratingthree great game overall but can never achieve a legit high score because of the lag.
lenfive ratingthree coming from the htc amaze
lenfour ratingfive best game in android
lenfortytwo ratingfour this an awsome game, i think temple run 1&2 r way better then all the other games that have come out just like it but 4 some reason i can't get it to download (2) on my phone(error 498) samsung, any1 know how to fix.
lenfourteen ratingfour i have 500k lifetime coins but the objective says i have not got 500k lifetime coins
lenthree ratingfive super cool game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive wickedly fun!
lentwelve ratingfive i disagree on the one part were theres a half of bridge.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lennine ratingfive this is d most amazing awesome game i played
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome !
lenthirteen ratingone every time i download it,it shows error.not able to download it.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game.
lenthree ratingfive totally recommend it.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is a rip off it wont let me play it
leneleven ratingfive a lot of time sequels can be disappointing, not this one!
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game.
lenthirteen ratingfive lots more to unlock than the first game and it's completely free.
lenfive ratingtwo poor graphics and bad physics.
lenthree ratingtwo unfairly generated pathway.
lensix ratingtwo a step down from temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingtwo reason people loved tr1: smooth game play, balanced game, fair pathway and fun for the eyes.
lennine ratingtwo the new temple run lacks vibrant colors and life.
lenseventeen ratingthree like i thought since its been out for so long it would have been fixed by now.
lenthirteen ratingthree its fun, but when it gets fixed it'll be so much better.
leneight ratingthree until then, its almost not worth the download.
lennine ratingfive great game runs smoothly and it just plain cool
lensixteen ratingthree i paid 4.99 for 50, 000 coins and the charged my account but didn't give me the coins.
lenseventeen ratingthree would rate higher but the support team won't even contact me back to fix this error.
lenfive ratingfive works fine in blue stack
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lensix ratingfour the game is good and challenging.
leneleven ratingfour however the player gets stuck at the beginning after few games.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenfive ratingtwo ok i love temple run 2.
lenten ratingtwo but after running thousands of meters and getting new characters.
lenten ratingtwo i start up the game to find all progress deleted.
leneight ratingtwo frustrated:/ fix it and ill fix my review
leneleven ratingone just keeps on loading and then automatically the app goes off.
lentwelve ratingone please fix this problem game is not running on android 2.3.6 please fix
lenten ratingfive im amazed by its graphic clearity wit my xperia u !
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing it!
lenseventeen ratingtwo this game is good but the graphics r not good.its very hatd to play this game
lenfive ratingfive fun game to past time  ,.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic
lenfourteen ratingfour good game, but i'm a bad workman and i'm blaming my tools.
lenfourteen ratingone i have a samsun infuse and on the startup screen it freezes then crashes :(!
lensix ratingfive i was tired of the notification
leneight ratingfive adding tha level is a pure genius thinking.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone it takes alot of time to oppen!
lensix ratingone it doesnt open fr like 5 mins!
lenthirteen ratingone i havent even played it yet and it wont let me open it!
leneight ratingone it opens then aftr a while force closes!
leneleven ratingone i have  htc desir hd and the game doesn't open.
leneighteen ratingone when i press to play this game the begening pic appear for few seconds then left the game
lenfour ratingfive better than subway surfers
lenfour ratingfive excelent.work by team
leneight ratingone for developers, kindly please remove those irritating ads!
lenfour ratingfive love it very fun
lensixtyfour ratingfive jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas  jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas jhakkas
lenten ratingfive it's more better than tample run 1 graphics to good
leneight ratingfive and much better touch on all cheap phones
lenthree ratingfive great jjust great
lenfortyeight ratingfour after the updating the temple run with latest file.it's not running as smooth as it was running earlier.please provide a bug fix for it or i need to move back to previous update where u provided back button for coming out of the game.thanks
leneight ratingfive i like it more than its previous version.
lensixteen ratingfive although its slightly tougher than the previous one, thats what makes it more challenging and fun.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lennine ratingfive i really like it its better than temple run 2.
lenthirteen ratingone i've made in-game purchases weeks ago that still havent shown up.
lenthirteen ratingone i've tried contacting the developers a number of times and no reply.
lensix ratingone terrible support for a terrible sequel.
lenthirteen ratingone do not purchase anything or give developers any of your time or money.
lentwentyeight ratingone i cant even play it because it stays on the loading screen for too long >:( i waited 1 minute and it still didnt load i cant even play it !
lennine ratingthree after playing temple run 1, this looks a little tougher.
lenfive ratingthree no straight roads this time.
lennine ratingthree all curvy ones.graphically looks very interesting to play.
lentwelve ratingtwo it was obvious there would be an update for the back button.
lenfifteen ratingtwo still a great game but it would be much more better with just sensitivity setting
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lensix ratingfour doesnt take  too long to load
lenseven ratingfive nice job of making it very playable.
lentwo ratingfour fun play.
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo thinking of deleting this app,i have been playing it for about a month, and i can't get enough coins to buy serious updates because  my coins keep disappearing on me.
lensix ratingtwo they go from 3,000 plus to like 300.
lennineteen ratingtwo than all of a sudden i have 2,000 and when i'm up to almost 3,000 again they disappeared on me.
lenfive ratingtwo next time i'm deleting. :-(
lenfive ratingfour i enjoy playing this game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfour i love the game
lenfourteen ratingfive over 6 mil and still running! :-d highly addictive and way better than the first.
lenseventeen ratingfour when picking up a power up you're already using it should make the effect last longer
lennine ratingfive want this game but my phone wont let me
lenseven ratingfive this game is really good and addictive!
lentwentyfour ratingthree i'd say that this game is better than the original, but i keep coming up to this cliff that you can't avoid.
lensixteen ratingthree if i jump, i just fall to my doom, and there's no way to turn.
lenfourteen ratingthree so it's like the game said "hey, you've been living too long.
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome!
lenfive ratingone not good like previous version.
lentwo ratingone slow controls.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfour great game!
leneleven ratingfive great game plz make it where you can play with friends!
lenfour ratingone plz check the prob.
leneight ratingfive this game is 10 times better than the original
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played!
lenfourteen ratingtwo after the last up date still doesn't work on samsung galaxy s 5.0 wifi
lensix ratingfive beats temple run by a million!
lenfive ratingfive its too addicting but fun.
lenfive ratingfive very smooth on nexus 7 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive better than temple 1
lentwelve ratingtwo all aspects are designed to it's best but with a bug!
lenseventeen ratingtwo level 8 - gold miner - even collecting more than 500,000 coins doesn't achieve the objective stopping advancing to 9th stage.
lentwo ratingfive fuckiing awsm
lenfive ratingfive good upgrade from first version!
lentwelve ratingfour the power ups tell they require one gem, but they use 2 gems.
lenthree ratingfive great time waster
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneleven ratingone i love tr1 n was so excited for tr2.plzzz fix d bug.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lensix ratingthree its takes longtime for downloading.faticher
lentwentysix ratingfour excellent  , beautiful but sometimes using the accelerometer which is in good condition as tested in all games, it does not respond very well in temple run 2!
lenfour ratingfour simple and very entertaining
leneighteen ratingthree great game, but im at level 8, and can't get to 9 as my achievements aren't being registered.
lenthree ratingfive best game jk
lenten ratingfive this game awesome than everything i really enjoys this game
lenten ratingfive easier to score though!, less frustrating, more fun to play
lenthree ratingfive really exciting game! :)
leneight ratingthree need facebook score leader board .pls fix it
lenfive ratingfive ew mst play ths game
lenfour ratingfive great, i love it
lenten ratingone the app doesn't even open on my lg optimus 3d.
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lenseven ratingfive stop reading my review and start downloading.
lensix ratingfour exiting for my boy friend niall
lentwo ratingfive seriously addictive
lenten ratingone dosent runs on htc one x + shows som packge error
lenthirteen ratingthree it's a great game, smooth on 4.1.2 jb, good quality but after 4-5 "runs"
lenfifteen ratingthree it start freezing on my galaxy note, please fix it and i'll give 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
leneleven ratingfive this is a fun game if a little frustrating at times.
lenthirteen ratingfive i think i gave made a turn and he jumps off the cliff.
lenfifteen ratingfive i am sure this is just a process is learning when to touch the screen.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy the game.
lenten ratingfive omg i love this game my hole family enjoy it!
lenthirtyone ratingtwo all of the buttons on my screen are black i can't see what i'm about to push, i got lucky and found the play button plz fix its annoying
lenfive ratingfive works great more challenging thanks
leneight ratingfive it is amzing can't wait for number 3 !
lenseven ratingthree please add support to change control sensitivity.
lenseventeen ratingone i  have an android samsung galaxy  tablet and i  can't download the game on  my tablet!
lennine ratingone this is freaking  bogus and i'm highly upset!
lentwenty ratingone it was awesome then all of.a.sudden after upgrading a lot of stuff, all of my data was lost.
lenthree ratingfive gud time pass
leneleven ratingone i love roasting jellybeans over an open water bottle in canada.
lenfour ratingone it's magical feelings.
lentwo ratingone belibers forevs
lentwo ratingfour excellent game
lensix ratingfour no probs with connection and stuff.
lentwentyfive ratingthree after playing, i keep falling off the railway track for no reason, and its annoying could the dev fix this or is it just me
lenfive ratingfive its is bomb like me
lenfive ratingfive this game has fine graphics
lenthirteen ratingfive great game,  bunch better than the first, and the added features are amazing
lensix ratingone won't load on my phone.
lenfour ratingfive what a super game!
lensixteen ratingfive nice graphics but please connect it wid  fb so v can compete our scores with frends.
lensix ratingfive its great to have time pass
lentwenty ratingfour developer should give the option to compare score with friends on facebook pls add this option i will give 5* then
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive im always fan of temple run series and its very good on my phone even with not a good processer just try it and u will be adicted to this game for a long time
lenfortyfive ratingfive this game runs really smooth on my xperia play, but i have found that when i fail a run and have points in power-up bar they carry over to the nezt run, i don't know if this is a feature or a bug,
lentwelve ratingone this is the third time i have installed an uninstalled this game.
lenfive ratingone it just won't play!
lenten ratingone loved the first one, very disappointed with the second one.
lenten ratingfive i played it on my dads phone it was awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyseven ratingfour this game has a lot improvement in the geography graphics but it seems like losing some features that were really tough on compared to the first version.
lenseven ratingthree everything about temple run two is great.
leneight ratingthree i dowloaded it, and played it for hours.
leneighteen ratingthree i took a break and went back to it but all it did was show the loading page.
leneight ratingthree then it went back to my apps page!
lennine ratingthree i do not want to restart the game again!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is good and the graph in this game is awesome
leneleven ratingthree i've often had annoying little tid bits with the game.
lentwentyone ratingthree one was upgrading your ability that can be used after collecting enough found, says it cost 1 gem, but takes 2 each time.
lensixteen ratingthree plus the fact that those upgrades are one time uses makes it that much more annoying.
lentwentytwo ratingthree plus i the first areas, there are often undodgeable?spots, with both the spinning blades and the river being at the same spot.
lenfour ratingthree although, overall, great game!
lenfive ratingfour very challenging love the mines
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 has a better quality to it!
lentwentyeight ratingfive after buying all the characters and earning most achieves except for the 1 million coins etc, there could still be more people included to buy like the first game.
leneleven ratingfive great mechanics, love the visual update, all around great time killer.
lenfive ratingfive this is a run game
lentwo ratingfive top game
lenten ratingthree my diamond upgrades and number of diamonds keep resetting fix!
lenfive ratingfive its fun and cool graphics!
lensix ratingfive love the new game.very addicting
leneighteen ratingfive i am constantly playing this game during my down time, and the objectives always keep me coming back.
lenfourteen ratingfive i do have a problem, as do others, with the 500,000 lifetime coins objectives, though.
lentwenty ratingfive it didn't update proportionally, and now i've almost got 1,000,000 coins, but haven't received the award for getting 500k.
leneight ratingfive hopefully that's resolved in the next update!
lenthree ratingfive excellent game though!
lennine ratingfive soooo much funner den da first temple run :d
lenfourteen ratingone i loved it in tje begginning but then it just stop wrking please fix
lennine ratingfour sometimes i die while using the run power up.
lentwelve ratingfour tilting is also not nearly sensitive enough, especially when riding the cart
lenfour ratingfive da best game ever
lentwo ratingfour real fun,
lennineteen ratingtwo i dont know what is going on, but it laggs, skips frames, and is, in general, not very responsive.
lenfive ratingtwo could be better i guess
lennine ratingfive this game is fun and hard to stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive its more challenging
lenseven ratingfour way more fun then the first one.
lentwo ratingfour runs smooth.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the first one !
lensixteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a great game the upgrades are far more better then the first one!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this.it's super hard though.nothing like the first
lentwo ratingthree nice game
leneight ratingfive awsome game, great graphics and sound, brilliant controls  5/5
lenseventeen ratingfive its very superbgame iam in intresed iam eny time play in templerun iam waiting for temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingfive i really enjoy this game and they couldn't have done any better
lenseventeen ratingfive its alot better then the first one with diversity of the levels and the powerups are sweet.
lenthree ratingfour a worthy download!
lentwelve ratingone apparently temple run 2 doesn't work well on the first samsung galaxy.
lentwentyfive ratingone temple run is fun, but the second one has better graphics, && it's not fair that galaxy s owners be punished for owning this phone.
lensixteen ratingfive exellent game would be cool if you are on a train track running from a train.
leneighteen ratingfive i didn't like the first one, but when i installed second one it became my favourite game.
lennineteen ratingfive it needs small improvements, and integration with facebook ( or other social network ) so you could compete with your friends.
lensix ratingfive but overall it's great. :d
leneight ratingfive temple run is a game with good graphics.
lenseven ratingfive it is pleasing for me to play!
lentwelve ratingfive also, it can be very addictive so it is good time killer.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingone i love the game, but im having one big issue.
lensix ratingone it does not save my coins.
lentwelve ratingone my stats say that ive collected 40k but the game keeps deleting them.
leneight ratingone everytime i save around 3000coins, it goes back to 0.
lentwelve ratingone i cant purchase any upgrades because of this and its really disappointing.
lenthirtyone ratingfive it is soo much better than the original temple run but  i wish they would put the cave closer and don't make you get like 2,000 points just to get it
lentwentyfive ratingfive it is a great game, it's better graphics on the person than temple run (original) and it's creative with the cart and ropes.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennineteen ratingfive it just needs to be cheeper on the buying people and upgrades, things like that :-) thats my review, bye!
lenfive ratingfive i was over temple run.
lensix ratingfive love the variety in the game!
lenthree ratingthree it ws ok
lentwentytwo ratingone save me feature is dumb, takes the challenge out of beating high score, and it says i have -27 gems for some reason.
lenfive ratingfour keep coming back for more.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics in this game are 10 times better than the firet temple run!
leneight ratingfive very impressed and am addicted to this game!
lenseven ratingfive this ones better than the first one !
lenfour ratingfive love this great game
lenfourteen ratingthree its ok but its not as smooth feeling or flowing as original temple run.
lentwo ratingthree game rates @ 3.5?
lenten ratingfour but you  need add device sensibility control as temple run 1 .
lensix ratingfour but anyway this is much beter
lenfive ratingfive it is a fun game!
lentwelve ratingfive superb game that you can count on when you are getting bored.
lennine ratingfive my friend told me about and it sounds fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentyfour ratingthree i cant use my power up when i double tap my screen ever since the update please fix then i'll rate it 5 stars
lenseventeen ratingfive the second temple run is absolutely fantastic they fixed the bug which made the screen too big.
lennine ratingthree a good game but not great because it lags
lensix ratingfive such an awesome game.like it.
lensix ratingfive it is giod and quick download
lennine ratingfive its a really good game but its quite scary.
leneight ratingfive maybe, that will make it better for you.
lenseven ratingfive great game, should have better songs tho
lenseventeen ratingfive i think it is better than temple run 1 especially when it comes to the mine its awsome !
lenseven ratingfour nice game, but it needs bug fixing
lentwentynine ratingfive this game is fun and addictive, everything i loved from the first one infused with lots of new and neat features that make the gameplay more enjoyable than ever.
lentwentytwo ratingone everything is amazing except for it messes up my current amount of money all the time and i don't buy anything!
lentwentytwo ratingone ugh so annoying please fix  like it says i have less amount than i do all the time and its never correct.
lenthree ratingthree glitchyy and delayed
lenthree ratingfive great app ;-) :-d
lensixteen ratingfive just when you thought temple run couldn't get any better imangi studios develops temple run 2.
lensixteen ratingfive the graphics, the gameplay, the adreanaline rush.just download this game, you won't regret it.
lenthree ratingfive very addicting & fun.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics really fun and loads easy.
lentwelve ratingfive i love it but it makes me lose a lot of time.
lensixteen ratingfive basically its so fun i can't stop playing it and trying to beat the objectives.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive better thand the first
lenfour ratingone words can not describe
lentwo ratingfive intense game!
lenthirteen ratingfive better than the first one, and i didn't think that was possible.
lentwelve ratingthree love the game but too many glitches -.- can someone plz fix it?
lenthirteen ratingfour it's going to be a little different for old and new players.
lentwentynine ratingfive this is a wonderful game but i ran into an issue where i collected more than 500,000 coins for gold miner but i still see it in my current objectives.
lenfourteen ratingfive currently total coins collected 520,648 and my current objectives infinirunner, midas touch and gold miner.
lensix ratingfive addictive, entertaining and hours of fun
lenten ratingfive this is a lot better then the first 1 love it
lentwo ratingfive esha jaii
lennine ratingfive one of the best phone games i've played
lensix ratingfive dont review, just download and enjoy
lennine ratingfive soo fun im addicted ^-^ a lot of people do !
lenfour ratingfive fun app love it
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree whenever i play i'm not near  the edge and i fall, also when i press save me it force closes and still takes my gem, already happened 5 times, fix or uninstalling
lenfive ratingfive it is awsome love it
lenfour ratingfive really fun challenging game.
lensix ratingfour a multiplayer version should be introduced
lenthree ratingfive very fun game!
leneight ratingfour could be better if you could buy gems.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyfour ratingfive love the graphics love the power ups love the characters i love the first temple run but this 1 is even better definitely get this!
lennineteen ratingone i really wanna play but it gets stuck on the first screen plzzzzzz fix everyone says its so good :-(
lentwentyfour ratingfive amazing i love the first one but this one is better i have them both on my kindle fire and i always compare them!
lenseven ratingfour freezes on meva lot could be better
lentwo ratingfour great upgrade!
lenfive ratingfive amazing theme  just a bug.
lensixteen ratingfive the game just freezes a but on my htc one x. apart from the very good
leneight ratingfive it fun and on the note2 it is amazing
lenthirtysix ratingone times when i get back from running i noticed that some of my clients disappear and i never get them back if you don't fix a bug i will never give the dose 5 star rating
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lentwo ratingfive bang tidy!
lenseven ratingfour its iight don't like the graphics
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive i cel mai tare temple run
lenfifteen ratingfive it's been a while since i was able to find a new gaming addiction.
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run, with its fluid game play and intuitive control, is my new fave.
lenfourteen ratingfive out of all the ice cream ive ever eaten there isnt much i like.
lenfive ratingfive i like malted chocolate shakes.
lenseventeen ratingfive i like buttered peacan, mint (no chocolate) and rocky road besides that ice cream isnt my thing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive super addictive.
lenthree ratingfive fun game really
lensixteen ratingfive i really like this game, it's very fun, so that's why i gave a 5/5!
lentwo ratingfour temple run
leneight ratingone won't even load, can't even play
lenfive ratingone great game plagued by lag.
lennine ratingone shouldn't perform so poor on a galaxy siii.
lenfour ratingfive this game is brilliant
lenfortyseven ratingthree love the game but i purchased 150,000 coin pack in the game and never received the coins, i have emailed the developer twice and got no reply, as this was a in game purchace google play can no refund me do be aware when buying in game packs
lentwelve ratingone this game is great only when it doesnt glitch which is never.
lenthirtyone ratingone the omyl only reason i die is because it freezes it wont take my turns or jump i disappear i go flying off the map or it just completely blanks out.
lentwelve ratingone the bugs need to be fixed because the game is just broken.
lenthirteen ratingfive great stuff love it i really can't do my homework anymore though
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive
lenfive ratingfive lot of fun and actor
lenfifteen ratingone bad i would love the game but it wont let me even get on it!
lensixtyone ratingfour fun,entertaining game.the only thing that is dumb is how you can only work on 3 objectives at a time.and when u accomplish one another one takes its place.so basically you will accomplish things before they come up on the list but it won't count until its on the list to do.essentially have to do it again.
lenthree ratingfour great game though.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lentwentyfive ratingfour its better but still has the odd freeze moment where the phone truns off and on and resets the game but still 100% fun and entertaining
lenfifteen ratingtwo every time i go to slide under something the games exits the game for me.
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i click on it, it just redirect me to my home screen.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive best phone game out
lenseven ratingfive really good game to play, so addictive.
leneleven ratingone i had 38 gems and over 5000 coins and now it doesnt open.
lennine ratingone i am not going to reinstall and lose everything.
leneight ratingone please fix it and ill fix this review
lenfive ratingfive grafics a free are awsome
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenfortynine ratingthree first one lagged on my evo 4g design, this one doesn't. but at some parts i have to tilt my phone so far that i can't see the screen hardly, and even then it doesn't go over to the side all the way so i die anyway.
lenseventeen ratingthree my point is they should put tilt sensitivity back in like they had in the first game.
lenseven ratingthree i'll give it five stars then.
lenfour ratingfive love the game 5 stars
lenten ratingfive very good, and hoping for a temple run 3 as well.
lenseventeen ratingfive i would recommend diffrent theme map apperances that you can unlock, keeps one going and playing more ;)
lenfive ratingfive it so epic and fun
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than the first :)
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting.
lenthree ratingfive highly recommend it.
lenseventeen ratingfour i absolutly love it i play every day all the time i have no complaints it great : )
lentwo ratingfive want download
lenfive ratingfive this game is absolutely amazing.
lensix ratingfive makes the first one look lame.
lenthree ratingfive i <3 dis game
lenfourteen ratingfive forces closes when use save me  other than that  it's just perfect  < addicted
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingone it lags a lot
lennine ratingfive it's just as fun & addictive as the original!
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it!
lenfive ratingfive this is very goooood game.
lenfour ratingfive i like that game.
leneight ratingfive a much improved version over the 1st temple run.
lenten ratingfive keeps me entertained for hrs highly recommend it to others.
lenfive ratingfive brilliant game and awsome graphics!
leneight ratingfive i luv this game and so will u
lenten ratingfive i love this game thts all i got to say.
lenfive ratingfive continued great simplicity and entertainment!
lentwelve ratingthree it was pretty good but the whole help me thing is weird
lenfifteen ratingfive hour of life that you will never get back but hey it's great fun!
lenseventeen ratingone i loved the first one but when i download this game i get "package file is invalid"
lennine ratingone downloaded 3 more times and same thing.plz fix this!
lenseven ratingfive this game is super fun and awsome.
lenthree ratingfive dyj vx shuifu
lensix ratingfive is soooooooooooo good download it now
leneleven ratingfive i like this game and it's nice and smooth graphics.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 3?
lenfour ratingfive this game is brilliant .
lenseven ratingfive i would give temple run 2 , 10 out of 10.
lenfive ratingfive much better than temple run 1!
lenfour ratingfive download it its amazing.
lentwo ratingfive soooo fun
lenfour ratingfour tapping doesn't jump.
lenfive ratingfive i kinda like this game!
lenfive ratingfive it's a kool game
lensixteen ratingfive cool but one time it froze and i was about to beat my record 2500 stupid glitch  :}
lentwo ratingthree soooooooooooooooooooooo awesome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game :)
lentwo ratingfive galaxy s3 excellent
leneight ratingfive i like the game i think its great
lenfive ratingfive just spent hours playing this!
lentwelve ratingfour i love the game, super addicting i play it all the time.
lentwenty ratingfour the only thing is, on my android it really lags, the screen freezes or the sound is a little off.
lenfifteen ratingfour i tried playing it on my friend's ipod, and it does the same thing.
lentwelve ratingfour the game is a little slow and it takes forever to load.
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game i love it but should add more power ups but still a 5 star game.
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playing it.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it wont let me go into the game it just kicks me out.
lenfourteen ratingfour the titulating adventure that was temple run has come back running at full force.
lentwenty ratingfour now with.winding paths, background infinity drops, and much more unique traps this game will.test your reflexes and concentration.
lensix ratingone very slow and alot of bugs
lenfourteen ratingfour cant figure how to avoid just running of the cliff into space and dying.
lentwelve ratingfive bit harder to earn coins than the original but mote varied game
lennineteen ratingfive love the new stuff but can you put the football guy back plz. it would be really cool looking:)
lensixteen ratingfour this an awesome way to pass the time and a step up from it's predecessor.
lenten ratingfour would give 5* but it lags a little causing premature death.
leneight ratingfour ( may be my phone ) other than that awesome
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfive it is way better than the first temple run
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive excellent game graphics are cool
lensixteen ratingfive pretty much no lags on my atrix hd even when set to the best quality graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive overall a big improvement over the first one.the sensitivity could use some tweaking though.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingthree on almost every turn my screen glitches causing me to fall off cliff or hit tree.
lentwelve ratingfive tr2 is very challenging, the developershave done an awesome job upgrading this game.
lensix ratingfive my family enjoys playing this game.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfour it keeps my attention.and that is usually my problem with mobile gaming.
lenthirtyseven ratingfour it does need minor improvements.like a tutorial on them mine cart.and i think that you should get the choice of picking a female character  at ?the beginning of ?the game.overall great game.nice graphics.
lenfourteen ratingthree first one was preety user friendly easy to use this one kind a complcated
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lensix ratingfive this time it has more obstacles.
leneight ratingfive it works fine to my phone as well.
leneight ratingfive i wish i could get to the mineshaft
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love this game i toutgh the first one was great i love the second it is so complicated i love it.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive it is the best game ever :):):) i love temple run 2 it is the best game ever :):):):):):):):) it is the best game on earth can you make temple run 3 and 4 and 5 and 6 and 7 and 8 and 9 and10
lensixteen ratingthree in some cases i am playing and i swipe left and i fall off the cliff.
lentwentyfour ratingthree i would say about 60% of the time the game is almost unplayable and i am not able to get past 1000m because of the lag.
leneleven ratingthree runs well generally, but occasionally jumps and skips on my nexus 7.
lentwentyseven ratingthree the only problem is the store; a couple of purchases have disappeared, and whenever i upgrade something with gems, it resets itself the next time i look.
lenseven ratingthree other than that, it's pretty okay,
lenfive ratingfour game still has annoying bugs
lennineteen ratingone i download it, and when i go to play it just brings me right back to my home screen.
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time.
lenseventeen ratingfour only two problem it needs to have tilt sensitiveity setting also more responsive gem button top left
lentwo ratingfive esta padrisimo.
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't work :( turns on , imangi logo comes up then bam! it exits the game!
lennine ratingone not liking the new one compared to the first.
lensix ratingfive brilliant much better than last time
leneleven ratingfive this is a good game get it i love this game
lennine ratingfive this is a great and yet very addictive game
lenseventeen ratingfour a brilliant successor to the original, it improves on the formula while sticking to the recognisable style.
lenten ratingfour a few cheap track generation issues are the only downside.
lenfour ratingfive love it addictive fun
lentwentyseven ratingfour this game is outstanding but needs more characters i would give this game 5 stars and recommend to all my friends if you added like 6 or 10 new characters
lenthirtyfive ratingthree hey when i'm playing the game the buttons don't like to work i'll tap the screen but it won't work and i can play any other game just not temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lentwelve ratingone graphics are a tragedy on here , its just too much going on !
leneight ratingfive still lags on the xperia ray, fix it
lenseven ratingfive like original tr? you will love this.
leneleven ratingfive one caution: weird perspective changes might cause headaches for some players.
lenfive ratingfive love it and its free:)
lenfour ratingfive very fun, n challenging
lenfive ratingtwo it takes so long 2 download
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenten ratingfour meh its fun if you have enough space for it
lenfour ratingfive my favorite past time
lennine ratingfive first game i ever considered buying additional stuff for.
lentwentyone ratingfive temple run is such a amazing fun game its so esay to do and get hopefully they make a temple run 3
lennine ratingfive this temple run is better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive love this new temple run ii .
lenfive ratingfive its so fun to play.
lenseven ratingfive can't wait for a temple run 3
lennine ratingfive i think its soooooooo much better than the 1st one
lensixteen ratingone bought 50 gems from the store.they took my money and never gave me the gems.uninstall
lenten ratingfive new jumps, twists, turns, and crazy mine train are awesome!
lenthree ratingfive great great great
lentwo ratingfive pretty tight
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i really like the game & its challengin but i really hope yall can let the players buy missions with the coins we earned cuz some of the missions hard & takes along time to complete
lenfortyeight ratingfive a couple bugs but still a ton of fun however sometimes when jumping and accidentally sliding your finger across the screen your character will jump directly to the side and sometimes on the zip line if you tilt your phone or device too far it goes completely horizontal
lenthirtytwo ratingfour the lag gets pretty bad on my android phone, to the point where i'll actually die because it'll temporarily freeze on me and ive got q good internet connection too.
lennine ratingfour fix that bug and youll receive the full stars
leneleven ratingfive very fun & addictive game , if your looking for a slight challenge (:
lenten ratingfive better than the 1st one the graphics on this are great.
lensix ratingthree lag in game, tilt kinda sucks.
lenfive ratingtwo great game but extremely buggy.
leneleven ratingtwo cannot turn off tutorial and whenever i die the gamw freezes.
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lensix ratingfour some of the objectives are rediculous.
lenthirteen ratingfour like ten million life time meters.people have lives outside of these games.
lenten ratingfive i love this game its better than the regukar game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lennineteen ratingfive temple run is an awesome game i think everyone in the world should rate this game and play it.
lenfortytwo ratingone sucks u try to jump u slide is temple run even trying any more same wit the first one try to jump u slide would not even give it 1 star don't even think about making a 3rd one temple run makers sucks
lenseven ratingthree gets pretty repetitive if you ask me.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i love the game but its so frustrating dying because the game starts to get ridiculously glitchy.
leneighteen ratingtwo tried lowering the graphics also but that didn't change anything in regards to bugs in the game.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is really fun i love this game play it all yhe time my fave game :-)
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lentwelve ratingfive its hard when you die and they take away most your money.
lenfour ratingfive so upgrading gets difficult.
lenthirteen ratingfive and a few things that get anything but otherwise i love the game :)
lenfifteen ratingfive one of the best addictive games ever never gets old and most importantly kills time
lennine ratingfive rated 5 aye best game ever yeah only had 7.8 million.
lenfive ratingfive pleas let me download  it
lensix ratingfive its awesome i have temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive look at theees crazy nigazz
lenseven ratingfive great for boring meetings, movies or men ;-)
lenthree ratingfour graphics much better
lenthirteen ratingthree sometimes doesn't load somethings so i get a lot of black boxes
lenfive ratingfive this game is very fun.?
lensix ratingfive way more fun than the first
lensix ratingtwo quite laggy and has minor glitches.
lensix ratingfive i'm addicted of this game !
lenseventeen ratingone the game doesnt want to open and it force closes on the samsung galaxy s. plz fix
leneight ratingfive its soooo much more fun than the 1st one.
lenseven ratingfive i mean there's a giant monkey.
lenthree ratingfive a giant monkey!
lennine ratingfive real excitement good appp get it to really indulge
lenfive ratingfive i love the temple runs
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lentwentyfive ratingone i give this one star because its good on my mates phone and least it downloads but it won't play on my htc desire.
lenthree ratingfive its awesome guys.
lenten ratingfive great update to a really good game to begin with.
lensix ratingfive love the new twists and turns
lennine ratingfive i love this game i am good at it ?
lenthree ratingfive great game fun
lenfive ratingfive love great quick time killer
lenfour ratingfour i like the game.
lenseven ratingfive highly addictive and the scenery is amazing!
lenfive ratingfive very good game love it
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and an awesome game overall!
lenfive ratingone it wont let me play :'(
lenfour ratingfive outstanding game love it.
lenten ratingone won't start all i get is a blank screen
lenten ratingone .if they could make it not freeze up on droids.
leneight ratingone not everyone pays for overpriced icrap you know.
leneighteen ratingone what's better,  i know you won't fix.didn't fix it in tr, why bother now?
lentwentyfour ratingone there's a glitch that once i get the app and open it, it goes to the little i symbol, then restarts my phone!
lennineteen ratingfour love this game however it upsets me whenever it would freeze i would lose my coins i have saved.
lensix ratingfour also my app wont even open.
lennineteen ratingfour i dont understand why and i dont want to uninstall and reinstall because im afraid of whats gunna happen.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is really a entertaining game that will never be bored of trust meb-)
lenfourteen ratingfour cant figure how to avoid just running of the cliff into space and dying.
lenfifteen ratingfour very annoying no other path to take had this happen five runs in a row
lenfour ratingone it froze my phone.
lentwelve ratingfive please make a leaderboard for this so i can compete with people
lenseven ratingfour passes time and keeps your thumb moving.
lensix ratingfive i like the new tem runn
lentwenty ratingthree i dont enjoy it as much as the first proably cause its new and a little differrnt but really hard!
lennine ratingthree when i installed it, it was going very nicely.
lenfifteen ratingthree but then it suddenly started to get stuck after one gets out in every game.
lenfourteen ratingfour i really like this game i like that there are more obstacles and things.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i also just like the graphics of the whole game i just wish that there would be more things to buy for low prices but other than that i would give it a 4 ths tme
lenfourteen ratingone when i open this app in android, always load and then exits the app
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenten ratingone y is it not working on my mob lg optimus
lentwelve ratingfive one of the best funnest games you guys should definitely play it
lenthree ratingfive awesome fun game
lenfifteen ratingfour i got addicted to the first temple run, now i am addicted to the second.
lenfive ratingfive this game is amazingly awesome!
lenseventeen ratingtwo i win 2,000 coins and i go to main menu and say i have 400 coins wtf is that
lenseven ratingfive found a way to improve upon it
lenthirteen ratingfive really good game i've been playing it n havent had any problems.
lensix ratingfive the game is an a grade.
lentwelve ratingfive you get to feel like you are in the land of avatar
lentwo ratingfive epicly cool
leneighteen ratingfour i love it and all u guys that hate it u hate it for no reason at all
lentwentytwo ratingone it doesn't work for me it just takes me to home page please fix it i want to play real bad
leneighteen ratingfive much better than part 1, the graphics the stages and power ups, the game as a whole is better.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys!
lensix ratingfive this is really great temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive great follow up
lenfifteen ratingfive i like that there are hills steps and new areas and ropes to go down
lenfive ratingfive it so epic and fun
lennine ratingtwo the lag on this is just awful, otherwise fun!
lentwentynine ratingone i got the app opened it goes to loading screen sits there for 20min and crashes and my samsung infuse .temple run 1 worked.temple run 2 is great if it works
lenthree ratingfive fantastic gaming graphic
lenseven ratingfive all temple run series are the best.
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game.
leneighteen ratingfive whether it's for a quick break or to pass the time, temple run 2 keeps me thoroughly entertained.
lenfour ratingfive fun and addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive very clean execution.
lenfour ratingfive no freeze in galaxy s2.
lenfour ratingfive kudos to development team!
lenten ratingfive feels like youre really in the games keep it up
leneight ratingthree great game but it needs to be fixed.
lenfifteen ratingthree at first it works, but now it goes to startup screen then back to home.
lenten ratingone i cant download this game and i dont know why.
lenseven ratingone every time that i try appears error 498.
lennine ratingfive at first but while playing a little bit drowsy.
lenfive ratingfive this is very fun game.
leneight ratingfive good addition to the sequel of temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive they need to do more to help you survive instead of dying.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lenfour ratingfive a total new game
lenseventeen ratingthree lags a little more on my phone though, becomes unresponsive to my touch and makes me lose
leneighteen ratingfour i'm loving it, but it's a little slow and causes me to die quite a bit.
leneight ratingfour an even lower graphics setting would fix this
lennineteen ratingone i have a galaxy s and the game vibrates a few times when u open it and it closes.
lentwentynine ratingone i was going through the review to see if this was happening to anyone else and sure enough there were a few other galaxy s with the same problem.
lenseventeen ratingthree i really enjoy temple run 2 but when i brought two 50,000 coins i didn't receive my purchases.
lentwenty ratingthree would be a lot better.but when i score 3000 pts it resets so i can't open any other people
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome this is great bice graphics like hd it s my fav game five stars
lenfour ratingfive nice and thrilling game
lenfortysix ratingthree the game runs ok on mu s3 but the problem is that i collect 3000 gold and then don't have them at the upgrade menu recently i hat 4900 gold collected another 3000 and at the end without upgrading anything i had 3200 please fix the bug else everythin awesome
lenten ratingfour good game but when people turn the man run straight
lenthree ratingfive awsome but gltchy
lenfive ratingfive its is bomb like me
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfive didn't think they'd make a comeback so good
lenten ratingfive good game and just as addictive as the first one.
lentwelve ratingfive however there seems to be a bug with the gold miner objective.
lenfourteen ratingfive i have over 500,000 lifetime coins and the bar has stopped just over half way.
lensix ratingfive i am obsessed with this game
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game if you liked temple run 1 you will like this one
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i never thought i would say this but this game has good graphics.
lensix ratingfive a great time killer and fun .
lentwelve ratingfive lol when will u make a temple run 3 u can't wait
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun! !
lenthree ratingfive its soo fun
lentwentyone ratingfour it lags to much and i keep dieing pleace fix other then that its a very good game and very fun
lentwo ratingfive great awsome
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfive nice upgrade from the previous temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive better graphics and gameplay, but overall just a really fun and addictive game.
lentwo ratingfive definitely recommended!
lensix ratingfour some of the objectives are rediculous.
lenthirteen ratingfour like ten million life time meters.people have lives outside of these games.
lenten ratingfive this game is very fun way better than the first 1
lenseven ratingfive try temple run before trying temple run 2!
leneleven ratingfive you will not succeed if you don't take my advice!
leneight ratingfive do that and you will luv this game!
lenthirtyone ratingone i seriously dont like this game at all, the graphics suck amd they just tried to hard to top the first, i love the first one but i hate this one
leneight ratingfour d motioning of d game should be fast
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenthirteen ratingfive this appointment is cool i like it alot iits a very good game:-)
lenfive ratingfive fricken awesome best game ever
leneight ratingfive best and most fun way of killing time :)
lentwo ratingfive cool games
lenseven ratingfive never played but sure will like it.
lenten ratingfive it's like crank addiction, only healthier and less expensive.
lenseventeen ratingfive its q really fun game until u get to the little cars when its half train track.
lentwelve ratingfive any ways this game is a good game so give it 5 stars!
lensix ratingfive a lot more fun and interactive.
lentwentysix ratingfive temple run was really good but this game is amazing they improved su much, it looks like u were playing in 3d i really love this game.
lenfive ratingfive download it i recomend it :)
lenseven ratingfive it is the best new temple run
lentwo ratingfour ok game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfour i had achieved 500k lifetimes coins.
lenseven ratingthree game has too many bugs and glitches.
lenfive ratingthree sometimes makes the game unenjoyable
lenthree ratingfive awesome so fun!
lenseven ratingthree extremely laggy i can barely get past 1000m
lenthree ratingthree provide partial updates
lenfive ratingfive liked the 1st love the second
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive i loved this game
lenfour ratingfour very nice.awesome graphics .
lenfive ratingfour but control need some fixing.
lenseven ratingone all my game data is lost overnight.
lentwelve ratingone just woke up and found myself at level 1, using the first guy.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it just go's to the image  studio logo thing  waste of my time
lentwo ratingfive awesome sauce
lentwo ratingfive temper run
lentwelve ratingfive great game has really good i love the graffics  and good additions
lensixteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 sooo much beterr than the regualer one like wow i luv it!
lennineteen ratingfive omg this is better than temple run 1 and subway surfers like i cant stop playin this game its awsome
lenfive ratingfour i absolutely live this game!
lentwentyeight ratingfour my favorite game was  temple run then when i heard it was a temple run 2 i had to hurry and download it and been loving it ever since!
lenseven ratingfour it's awesome, better then temple run.
leneleven ratingfour fun and smooth but i can't turn sound fully off.
lenten ratingfour i hear button clicks and footsteps even with sound 100% down.
lensix ratingfour i play on the galaxy nexus.
lenten ratingthree its interesting how something so simple can be so addictive.
lenfortyone ratingthree for what it is temple run is decent tge graphics are slick for android it works fine, but when will game designers start catering to intelligent people that arent as easily amused i need better than just good and it works.
lennineteen ratingthree i need and want stunning graphics not just for android but period just absolutely awesome graphics and intense gameplay.
leneighteen ratingthree and most of all not the repetative bullshit thats up until now dominated the time wasting game genre.
lenthree ratingfive love this game! !
lenfour ratingfive fun  best game ever
leneighteen ratingfour the game is really awesome.only thing is it gets stuck in between.wouldve given it 5 stars otherwse.
lennine ratingtwo the game lags and force closes after a run.
lenseven ratingone all of my coins just freaking disappeared!
lennine ratingthree i love the game, but it freezes/skips alot.
lenfour ratingtwo i lost my progress.
lensixteen ratingtwo first time i was not very advanced, but second time i lost hours of level progress.
lentwelve ratingtwo also can hiccup at big turns, frame drops, usually i die there.
lensixteen ratingtwo not really deducting stars for that, just think my hardware is not 100% up to the job
lenthree ratingfive un jeu excellent.
lenseven ratingfive this is awesome great look and play.
leneleven ratingthree requires too much of mb, things in store are too  expensive!
lentwelve ratingfive awesomeness i really like 2 better makes me really think im gonna fall
lenthree ratingfive really fun game.
lenseventeen ratingfive just builds on the first; doesn't take away any of the good features from the first.
lenthree ratingfive looks great too.
lenfifteen ratingfive very time consuming if your on a car trip this is the game to play!
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive
lentwo ratingfive berry addicting
lensixteen ratingfive u should realy get it its.soo fun and it jusy fits.good on your phone
lennine ratingfive love this game.my son plays it non stop
lenfourteen ratingthree once i get to >4,000 coins they restart, so then i can't buy anything.
lensix ratingthree running on a galaxy 2.any thoughts?
lentwo ratingone wont load.
lensix ratingfive its tuns of fun and free
lentwentythree ratingone i love the game but every day the game resets its data and then i'm back to square one on the game.
lensix ratingone its like it reinstall itself everyday.
leneight ratingone please fix and i will change my rate.
lenten ratingtwo forget my previous post, this game is waaay to laggy!
lennineteen ratingtwo it messes upy phone and half the time im dying because the game freezes before i can do anything.
lentwelve ratingfour although this is an awesome game, it doesn't working my android.
lenten ratingfour i play it all the time on my kindle however!
lensix ratingfour great game, keep it up imagine :)
lensixteen ratingfour enjoy the game but the transitions are a little hard to distinguish due to colors blending.
lenfive ratingfour no matter.still love it!
lentwentyfive ratingthree im giving it 3 stars because the next day when i returned to play all my stats were resetted i lost scarllet fox and power ups.
lennine ratingthree this happend the next day after downloading temple run 1.
lenfive ratingthree great improvement over first version.
lenfifteen ratingthree glitch.collected over 500,000 lifetime coins and it is not recognizing the objective as being achieved.
lenfive ratingfive very fun i enjoy it :)
lentwelve ratingone it sends me back to the home screen after the opening logo.
leneight ratingone it has been like this for almost 2 weeks.
lentwentytwo ratingone i loved playing the game but now i can't. i wouldn't recommend this to my friends until this is  fixed
lensix ratingfive good for having a past time.
lensix ratingone the game downloads and installs fine.
lenfourteen ratingone however after opening the game i always get sent back to my app menu.
lenfifteen ratingone i don't know if this game is compatible with my lg thrill or what.
lenthirtyone ratingfour this game was great until after the second upgrade, now when i try to play the game, it'll force close & it happens every time so i had to uninstall it.
lenseven ratingfive more action then the first temple run.
leneight ratingfive it's good fun for a slow day
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfour this is a great sequal to the famous temple run.
lensix ratingfour i miss.the football player though.
lensix ratingfour a nice game.a great job
lenten ratingthree game characters sensetivity needs to be improved.rest is best.
leneleven ratingfive this game is so much more fun than the first one
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenthree ratingfive i love gd^^
lenseven ratingfive non stop fun with a great pace
lentwentyfour ratingfive the graphics are so nice and the adventurous feeling in the game have been elevated, making it more fun to play~ i like it!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's a pleasure to play and it is good for exercising the mind
leneight ratingfive i love the new version of temple run!
lensixteen ratingfive but i really hope that there will be a more variety of characters in temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive way better then the first one and it downloads and plays well
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirtythree ratingfive although the idea of temple run and temple run 2 is to complete objective while free running across a randomized map, using the power-ups at one's disposal, the game lacks a storyline.
lenthirteen ratingfive it is because of this that questions such as: who are these characters?
lentwelve ratingfive & why is it always the same creatures who protect them?, are made.
leneighteen ratingfive given that there are no cinematics we are obligated to assume the answer ourselves however we dean fit.
lenten ratingone doesn't work on my android phone i.e. karbonn a1+
lenseven ratingfour great game much better than the first
lenfive ratingfive literally can't stop playing!
lenseventeen ratingfive it's a little laggy, but all android apps are like that - at least on my phone.
lenfive ratingfour need to update more characters.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive temple run2 is amazing, way better than the first 1 i ? the rollercoaster part that part hit it off.its just that it doesnt have all the characters from the old temple run other than that its a great game! ?
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 49.2 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthirtyone ratingfive consecutive powers does not work and if we are using power ups and suddenly some new powers show up then that does not extent for double of time please fix it.
lenthree ratingfive sometimes gems show -1.
leneighteen ratingfive saw a weird behavior the person sleeping and running bcos i slipped near the end and he was
lenfourteen ratingfour great game but after a couple of run it slows down on gs advance.
lenseven ratingfive it's a great and exciting game!
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
lenfourteen ratingfour the game over all is great but the turn glitch is idiotic to me.
lenfive ratingfive it wont let me download
lennine ratingthree eh its ok.first one is better.i think.
lensix ratingfive awesome game can't stop playing
lentwentyeight ratingthree whenever i complete the 2.5m objective, i close the app and open again, it appears again, and the coins and diamonds i earn on that game is gone
lenthree ratingfive a huge upgrade!
lenthree ratingfive i luv game
lentwo ratingone terrible app
lenfourteen ratingfive kinda l0gging.,but i enj0y playing until my battery g0es empty.,thanks imangi!even my niece l0ves 2 play 8.,
lennine ratingthree my coins are disappearing, and its  making me sick!
leneight ratingthree ill never be able to upgrade this way!
lentwo ratingfive great game:)
lennine ratingfive its a nice app but some times it lags
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive i am vary impressed
leneighteen ratingone freezes at times & don't record my high  scores everything looks same kinda  hard to distinguish the turns
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingthree i have a samsung galaxysii  and i can't play the game.
lenthirteen ratingthree it resets every time i load it loads so i lose my progress.
lenseven ratingthree the game also locks when i die.
lenfour ratingthree i want to play.
lenfour ratingfive game is very addictive
lennine ratingfour good free app, stops occasionally, but no major issues.
lensix ratingfour very fun, good improvement on original.
lenseven ratingfive this game is addicting and very fun.
lenseven ratingone it doesn't load on my phone.
lenthree ratingone on moto blur
lenfive ratingfour runs smooth and is fun.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great!
lenfive ratingfive good upgrade from temple run.
lenten ratingfive u gonna love it install it enjoy it suck it:))
lentwelve ratingfive this game is awesome but i still like the original temple run
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lenthirteen ratingfive it's fancy, but there's a lot of new things to learn.
leneleven ratingfive awesome.way better than the first, can't beeline its free!
leneleven ratingfive i love it i think its easer than the 1st one xd
lenseven ratingfive it stops when i get to level 7
lenfour ratingfour very nice.awesome graphics .
lenfive ratingfour but control need some fixing.
lensix ratingfive great graphics, fun, addictive, and challenging.
lenthree ratingfive cool cool cool
lenseven ratingfour it takes to long to download  people.
lentwentyseven ratingone it doesnt even let me play; that is so gay; lol that rythmed xd but i hate this  game it never work's it is sooooo gay
lentwentyfive ratingfive i loved this one but please add an option for facebook sign in in the next update so that we could share our high scores.
lennine ratingone this game does not work on my sony ericsson
leneleven ratingfive it's bigger better marvelous this game is a big hit
lenfour ratingone not downloading htc rhyme
lenfive ratingfive it is an awesome game !
lentwo ratingfive verygood game
lenfour ratingfour its a ok game.
lenfour ratingfour i love the graphics
lenfive ratingfive i like to play games.
lentwelve ratingfive while im waiting for someone id rather to play to avpid boredom.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfour the new temple run 2 s gud but a little bit hard bcoz its speedy.
lennine ratingfive xcellent game very challenging keep up the good work
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensixteen ratingthree very hard to see what road to jump and what road don't need to jump.
lensix ratingfive this game is so so cool
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingtwo sad plzz this one is not working
leneight ratingfive it's way better than the first game.
lenseventeen ratingthree i might use 500 gems in order to skip 10 million lifetime meters, its like prevent us for reach lv9
lenfour ratingfive mindblowing game.really superb. ?.
lentwo ratingfour great quality!
leneight ratingone doesn't work at all for samsung infuse
lenthirteen ratingone and also didn't get answer to why i didn't get coins.
lenthirtythree ratingfive this is exactly a really good game, i really enjoy it alot and is a really good game if you're at the doctors office or if you're waiting for an appointment.
lenthree ratingone crashes on start
lentwo ratingfive excelent game.
lenseventeen ratingfour it's a really really great game, but when it freezes it really freezes my whole phone.
lenthirteen ratingfour i have to take my battery out to get my phone working again.
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lennineteen ratingfive i love this .love that it has levels .cant stop playing .im now admitting i have a problem.lol
lennine ratingfive i like this one more then the first one.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's action pack and easy to play but a whole lot of fun.
lentwelve ratingfive your mobile capablity of free ram atlist 200mb to run esay to app
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addicted.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game play is superb , dynamic sound and graphics makes it a complete game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i have installed this game on 9th feb, since then, i have played more than 300 games with above 0.5mn coins and above 1.6 mn lifetime meters.
leneight ratingfive also scored above 50 mn as my highest score.
lenfifteen ratingfour this game is a little blurry maybe they could update the graphics but its ok
lenseven ratingfive i love the speed of the game.
leneight ratingfive the further you get the faster it goes.
lenfour ratingfive unexpected twist and turns.
lenfour ratingfive it takes to long
lenthirtytwo ratingthree its a great game but u have to tilt the phone almost side ways to turn the cart and u need to be able to buy gems with coins or vise versa!
lenseventeen ratingthree and its to easy to buy upgrades i will just be scrolling through them and accidentally spend  20,000$ -_-
lenfourteen ratingone if i acullay get to play the thing this time ill change my rating
lenthree ratingfive like the graphics
lentwo ratingfive goog game
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenthree ratingfour awesome and fast!
lennine ratingfive i luv tha gme itz more realistic download & enjoy
lenseven ratingfive love this on my note 2 jelly bean.
lenfour ratingfive smooth and no lags.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingone rubbish not open in xperia x10i
lenfive ratingtwo to be improved a lot
lenseven ratingfive even better than an amazing first game.
lennine ratingfive very addictive and much better than the first one.
lentwentyone ratingfive kind of tricky on my tablet because the screen is much bigger but works great with that and my razr maxx.
lenfour ratingfive its a cool game.
lenfive ratingfive this game is super awesome!
lensixteen ratingfive the graphics on this game are excellent, its a treat specially considering the devices it supports.
lenfour ratingfive excellent game, brilliant gameplay.
leneight ratingfive this games is so good for my symphony w25
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is so amazing best game eva:)!
lenthree ratingone hindi naman gumagana!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive very good game, and truly addicted.
lenfour ratingfive truly a big improvement.
lensix ratingfive awesome game better than the original.
lentwo ratingfour im hooked
lenseventeen ratingfive i doubt anyone will ever beat me in this game i'm hoping for a leaderboard 1 day
lennine ratingfive it's difficult, but it works properly without glitches.
lenfive ratingfive great game that runs smoothly
lentwo ratingfive todu game
lentwentyfive ratingthree there is a lot of glitches in the game it keeps making me mess up a lot but love the new view of the game.
lenfive ratingfive i'm enjoying, simply superb
lenseven ratingthree this game is addictive i love it
lenfifteen ratingfour i played the original for so long it seemed to get boring after a while.
lenseven ratingfour now its like a whole new adventure!
lenfour ratingfour addictive to the core.
lenfive ratingfive just play,just love it!
lentwo ratingthree temple run
lenseventeen ratingthree aftr i increased the gfx quality it crashes every time b4 start.earlier it ran smooth and fine
lentwo ratingfive awesome game ! :)
lentwentysix ratingfour the foundation is here for as good or even better of a game than the last, however, it is still buggy in some areas i find.
lensixteen ratingthree would it be too much to ask if the magnet still doubled in tripled coin value
lenseven ratingone force closes all the time t?t
lenthree ratingfour love this game!
lentwelve ratingfour would love to give it 5 stars, but there are a few glitches.
leneight ratingfour sometimes jumps and lands but still falls through.
lenfive ratingfour love it to the core.
lentwelve ratingone all it does is open and force close before the game opens.
leneight ratingfour this game is really good, its so addictive.
lenfourteen ratingfour however the wings which were available in part 1 are not available in part to.
lennine ratingfour make the wings available and i will rate higher
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play .
lenseven ratingfive the only problem,it kills your battery  .
lenthirtyeight ratingfour yeah its a really fun game but some time it lags on my galaxy s3 when i have power savings disabled and a friend of mine said the same thing happened to him and he has the same phone
lennine ratingfour it"s lots of fun but a little hard
lentwentytwo ratingfive my 5 year old is dying to play cause he loves the temple run 1 but it will not load on my android impulse.
lenthree ratingfive one word "awesome"
lenthirtytwo ratingfive the new way to play temple run is really great, i love the new map look the way how there are two maps, one outside on the pathway one inside a mine!
lensix ratingfive big new change isn't it ?
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever
lentwelve ratingfive its so fun now with the new stuff like the train & rope !
lensixteen ratingfive and really hard :( wish there was a way to get really far, but i love playing!
lenfour ratingfive great graphics awesome gameplay
lentwo ratingfive excellent bakwas
lenfifteen ratingthree although i enjoy the features, the game has frame rate issues and glitches in the s3.
lenthirty ratingthree the game lags on my sony xperia neo l and many times becomes unresponsive to my right/left tilts the three stars are for new visual changes to the game
lentwelve ratingfour but my coins will disappear and i have to earn them back.
lenfour ratingone won't dwnload! -_-t
lenten ratingfour i love how it looks more realistic than the first.
lenfive ratingfour for sure a better upgrade
lensix ratingfive vastly better than the old version
lentwo ratingfive ok cool
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is addictive!
lenfour ratingfive its tooo chutiya game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseventeen ratingfour better than the first, still a bit laggy at times, random pausing when you dont want it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenthree ratingfour game is amazing.
lenfive ratingfour my high score is 22.7 million.
leneight ratingtwo this game has reset all my accomplishments twice!
leneleven ratingone this game wont work for to days without it acting up
lenthree ratingfive simple and addicting
lenseven ratingfive this is the coolest temple run eva!
lenthirteen ratingfive this app is great but it crashes on my phone.please fix this
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game it has so much more than the first one
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive superb game nd mind blowing graphics
lenseven ratingfive best upgrade up temple run so far
lentwentythree ratingtwo i collect coins, but every time i pass the 3,000 coin mark i lose all of them and have to start from scratch again.
leneleven ratingtwo i can't buy any power ups or unlock any characters.
lenfourteen ratingfour it says that i am level 7, but the magnet powerup is not unlocked yet.
lenthirteen ratingfive i had this on my ipad so much fun on the phone awesome
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
lennine ratingfive addictive n the best game om mobile right now.
lentwelve ratingfive love all the temple runs, like the new variation in this version.
lentwo ratingfour addictive game
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun
lenthirteen ratingfive good to pass the time.better then first ecept no controls for sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingfive its an absoulute fun game.i love it so 5 stars.ull deserve it!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingone clicking the boost never works well
lensix ratingfive cool game play it its excellent
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than the first
lenseven ratingfive this game better than temple run brave
lenfour ratingfive gr8 game nd excellnt graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive keeps you busy but hooked that you forget to do other things lol
leneight ratingfive very fun i cant out my phone down:)
lenfour ratingfive its an amazing game
lentwelve ratingthree however, minor bugs and glitches detract it from being a better title.
lentwentyone ratingthree one major flaw is if you have gems to revive yourself, it stops you from using them after a few uses.
lenseventeen ratingthree another problem would be that your coin amount decreases at random moments without spending anything at all.
leneighteen ratingthree it's somewhat frustrating, especially when you know you had 10k coins and your amount shows a little over 6k.
lensix ratingthree please fix for a better rating.
leneleven ratingfive awsome game enjoying like anything playing minimum 5 to 6 hours a day
lenthree ratingfive love it  addicting
lensix ratingfive awesome game for a perfect timepass.
lensix ratingfour beautiful game, i love the graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour one downfall is that there are not many additions to temple run besides the course
leneight ratingfive love it, can't wait for temple run 3.
lenfour ratingfive really love temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive many updates have been made since the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive an amazing step up from the original.
lenseven ratingfive adding new features without breaking the game.
lensix ratingfive definitely suggest this game to anyone.
lensix ratingone it keeps force closing and crashing.
leneighteen ratingone my son loves this game and i can't open it on my samsung galaxy s. not happy!
lenfive ratingfive hooked can't stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwelve ratingfive it is so addicting and a great way to pass the time!
lenfour ratingfive raw gameplay is amazing
lennine ratingfive loved the first one but this one even better
lenthirty ratingfour not yet 5 stars for me my game is super hard compared to my friends app temple run 2 i tryed my frends and tripled my highscore!thats why its not 5 stars!
lenfifteen ratingfive it is nicier than the temple run 1 it has nice graphics and more obstacles.awesome!
lenthirteen ratingtwo game is good but doesn't let me play since my 5 star rating.
lenseven ratingfive is abit laggy but its all good.
lennine ratingfive very good and amazing game ever seen in android
lentwo ratingfive beshi joss
lenfifteen ratingfour takes time to get the hang of all the different things but it's good
lenthree ratingfive nice to play
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenseven ratingfive like this more than the first one
lenseven ratingfour but one star less for home key
lenfour ratingthree cud b more exciting
lennine ratingfive excellent game.and one of the most addictive games.
lenfourteen ratingthree man the game updated and i lost everything.all my gems, coins, and people?!?!?!?!?!
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics and a nice game
leneight ratingfive its really fun and exciting with good people
lenfour ratingfive its awsm try it
leneight ratingfive one of the best gameni have ever played
lentwentytwo ratingthree as others have said, 500k coins doesn't activate the gold miner achievement - the bar seems to be stuck at the halfway point.
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing i really enjoy this
lenfour ratingfive thnx for the game
lensix ratingfive vry nyc game nd good tympass
lenthree ratingfive execlent no words
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive excells in experience
lennine ratingfive so much fun, i can't put it down.
lenfive ratingfive great improvement over the original.
lennine ratingone swipes don't get registered, laggy, glitchy and confusing.
lentwo ratingone htc velocity.
leneight ratingfive its awesome i'm sure  you enjoy it
lenthirtysix ratingtwo i liked playing temple run cuz it was fast that what really made it addictive but even though the graphics are cool its really slow and i think it would be better if it was faster
lenfour ratingfive very fun and entertaining
lenfour ratingfive i lve dis game
lentwelve ratingthree if it doesn't reset it self i would give it a 5
lenseventeen ratingfive wow what a game better than the first temple run and the monkeys are bigger it great.
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics and butter smooth gameplay.
lenfour ratingfive best android gaming experience!
lentwentyfive ratingfour this is a great game but there are some things that need to be sorted out like the '500,000 lifetime coin' objective doesn't fill up
lentwo ratingfive brilliant sequel
leneight ratingfour it is a lot better than temple run.
leneight ratingfive thanks for changing the layout, it works great!
lenseven ratingtwo my objective is to collection 500k lifetime coins.
lensixteen ratingtwo already done that and earned more that 500k but how come it is not marked as accomplished?
lenfive ratingtwo the meter also stopped moving.
lensix ratingfive nice game i play ever had. :)
lennine ratingfour turned off sound fx volume and still plays sound.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise great game.
lentwentythree ratingfour i love temple run and i really like temple run 2 but it lags to the point where it will run me into something.
lenten ratingfour please fix the lag and i will rerate it 5 stars!
lenten ratingfive sooo addictive love it and way better than first one
lentwo ratingfive funny game
leneighteen ratingone nice game but i keep on uninstalling then install again coz it always reset and log.pls fix
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneighteen ratingfive all my friends are play temple run 2 too :d temple run is becoming one of my favorite game!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive a lot better than the previous!
lenfive ratingfive beautiful landscapes and more obstacles.
lensix ratingfive excellent for its simplicity and replayability.
lenfifteen ratingfive on my phone i want a game that will pass bus journeys and toilet breaks.
lenseven ratingthree temple run is more challenging than that
lensixteen ratingfour best graphics but cannot give low ratings for one also both are good one and two
lentwentyone ratingone it won't even download and i couldn't find the game untill i went on to the computer need sorting
lensix ratingfive nice game, cant stop playing it
lenfour ratingfive cool, easier than the 1st
lennine ratingfour game keeps on picking false touches on xperia sola.
lentwo ratingfive simply addictive.
lenseven ratingfive fantasic fun, can't put it down,
leneight ratingfive this game is really cool with new graphics
lentwentyseven ratingone i downloaded temple run 2, but i can't play it, everytime i try to enter the game it keeps on quitting on my android phone, please help.
lenseven ratingfive they fixed the res0lution on my lg optimus l3.
lenfive ratingfive and now im enjoy playing.
lensix ratingfive so much thanks to the developers.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive im so addicted to it!
lenseventeen ratingfive it lags i don't know if it is my phone or the game but it lags
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenten ratingfour but avg anti virus detack as malware.pls fix it.
lenthree ratingfour thanks noteii user
lentwelve ratingone i dont know why but the tilting is not working with me.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lensix ratingfive temple run  2 is a good game
lentwo ratingfive great adventure
lentwenty ratingfour the objective should be like old temple run, we can only clear an objective if it is there, orwe cant
lennine ratingfive fix the tilting issue, it is way too worse.
lentwentyeight ratingfive i've to tilt my device so deep to make the character tilt on those broken paths and also provide with the sensitivity option like the old game.
lenfive ratingfive otherwise good game, pretty impressive.
lenthree ratingfive so more obsticles.
lentwo ratingfive nice characters.
lensix ratingfive more after concept than earlier one.
leneight ratingthree very addictive,  helps pass a lot of time.
lenfive ratingfive what a game mind blowing. !
lenseven ratingfive its far better then temple run1 better graphics
lentwenty ratingfour it's very challenging and i doubt it.it's very fun!but i'm kinda bored on the game
lenfive ratingone too slow and not amusing
lenfour ratingfive dis game is awesoooommmmeeee!
lenthree ratingfive vry much entertaining
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run
lennine ratingfive awsome cool game and look over there its 100000000000 downloads
leneleven ratingfive i liked the original but this one is really good too?
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive im addicted .
leneleven ratingthree the game is a bit slow and irresponsible at the start
lenten ratingtwo it stops at 71% it won't download completely :( any suggestions?
lensix ratingfive this game is awesome as heck
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenten ratingfour gud game.improved way a lot frm the previous game.
lentwentyone ratingfive good game maybe more power ups please and maybe some secret levels would be a nice,keep up the good work
lenfive ratingfive can barely put it down!
lensixteen ratingfive best entertainment ever on phone, watch out it can make.u not working properly time sucker :-)
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lensix ratingone its very slow to download it
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game!
leneight ratingfive whenever i get bored i just play this.
leneleven ratingfive keeps me thoroughly entertained :-) and works perfect on galaxy s3, no glitches
lenfour ratingtwo difficult to download this
lenfour ratingfive addiction to the max
lennine ratingfour it has become a part of my daily activities.
leneight ratingfive i like this game, it's very exciting.
lenthirteen ratingfive this one is much better, more thought out, and better than the first.
lenthirteen ratingfive the upgrades and progression make for less grinding and a better gaming experience.
lenthree ratingfive a fun game.
lenfive ratingfive good graphic and pretty addictive.
lenseven ratingfive temple is great by my htc one
lenfive ratingfour this game is really fun.
lenfour ratingfour it is worth waiting.
leneleven ratingfour i am still hoping there will be a temple run 3 xd.
leneleven ratingfour anyhow, i have one problem and that is the game glitches.
lenfive ratingfour it makes me die always :/
lenseven ratingfive awesome game with graphics imangi studios rocxx
lenthree ratingfive best time killer
lensixteen ratingfive brilliant,an app that has a built in task killer for us people with older phones.
lenfive ratingfive graphics are second to none.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game speaks volumes to what other devs should be doing excellent work!
leneight ratingfour total time pass better than the previous one
leneight ratingfive i love this game but sometimes it can.
lentwelve ratingfive be a bit slow but it might because of my phone on
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingthree hard to control.
lenfour ratingfive just luv d game.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3.
leneleven ratingtwo not a good design choice and poorly implemented as it is.
lenten ratingtwo i swipe the screen sometimes and the guy doesnt move.
lentwelve ratingfive it is very cool and epic i enjoy it alto     very epic
lenfour ratingfive good game to play
lentwentyone ratingfour guys it is really good but i got a problem, my score and stats was being reset without me doing anything.
lenfour ratingfour it happened twice now.
lenthree ratingfive fantastic looking game.
lensixtyeight ratingfour love the way the basic gameplay has had some variety added to mix it up, but to often you die because there are obstacles too close together (i have just landed in a stream after jumping a whirling spiky log), or power ups are placed so if you jump for them you will fall through a hole or land with no time to react to the next obstacle.
lennineteen ratingfour just needs a line or 2 of code to ensure the minimum spacing of objects is a little bit larger.
lensixteen ratingfour don't mind a game that kills me, but i want it to be my fault.
lennine ratingfive i first time game installed and play game enjoyed
leneleven ratingfive i like this game very much its too hard to play
leneight ratingfive i like this game more than angry bird
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfive ratingfive cant resist playing temple run.
lenfour ratingfive now its temple run 2!
lenfive ratingfive i like it again.wonderful.
lensix ratingthree why cant i update via fb?
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2 !
lensix ratingfive more realistic than the first one(:
lenseven ratingfive its much more awesome n fun. :d
leneleven ratingfive the floating touch problem on the xperia sola has been repaired!
lenfour ratingfive its a brilliant game.
lenseven ratingfive it is working excellent in my karbonn a21.
lenfour ratingfour its really awesme entertainer.
lenten ratingtwo it stops at 71% it won't download completely :( any suggestions?
lensix ratingfive friggin sweet game, a must-have.
lenthree ratingfive very expressive game.
lenseven ratingfive i just can t stop playing it.
lentwo ratingfive sup dude?
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfour nice background, good for filling a few minutes
lentwo ratingfive superb app
leneight ratingthree awesome game with awesome  graphics  imangi studios rocxx
lentwentytwo ratingone i downloaded temple run 2 but it isn't working on my cell.the game doesn't even open.can anyone please  help?
lenthree ratingfour great stress buster
lenthree ratingfive fantastic, aursume, great!
lentwo ratingfour fun stuff
lentwo ratingfive fun .thrilling
lenfour ratingfour very addictive n engrossing
lentwelve ratingone the game freezes when open it my device is galaxy tab gt-p1000
lenthree ratingfour definitely kills time.
leneight ratingfive very nice game.also very enjoyable to play:-)
lenfour ratingfive hope there's levals
lentwo ratingfive awesome fun
lenfourteen ratingfour plz edit the option of conecting it with facebook frnds same as subway surfer.
lenfive ratingfour then it wil be marvolus
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is so addictive i haven't had any problems with it yet
lennine ratingfive the best game and the 3d effects are just awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingfour awesome game but it glitches and the player dies.
lenseventeen ratingfour and then when i play again the monkey and the  man never comes out of the cave.
lenten ratingfour so i have to exit the game and come back.
lenthree ratingfour waiting for update.
lennineteen ratingone achievement says 500,000 lifetime coins and i am almost at 600,000 yet the achievement says i'm halfway through my objective!
leneight ratingfive more challenging than the previous game, like it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenseventeen ratingfive fun game bit pricey for the locked characters but that what makes you want to keep playing
lensix ratingfive no post to facebook for android
lenfive ratingfive so much of thrilling game
leneight ratingone game forces close before it's done loading.
lennine ratingone trying to compete with my woman, clear the bugs.
lentwentyfour ratingone i have downloaded this and uninstalled it bout 4 times now even with recent updates still doesn't work on my htc desire , very disappointed !
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo i really love this game but i cannot find contact details because i have purchased the coin pack as well as the coin doubler but these items are not appearing or downloading to my device?
lensix ratingtwo but the payment went through flawlessly?
lennine ratingfive it's a very dashing game i ever saw .
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi
lentwo ratingfive suck cock
lenfive ratingfive nice game make temple run 3
lentwentyone ratingfive tr2 is the best runner obstacle game so far definitely strengthens reflexes and brain power an its fun could play for hours
lenfour ratingfive super game simply syperb
leneight ratingfive one of my best apps aside     from minecraft!
lenfive ratingone wont open on motorola defy
lentwo ratingfour tempel run 2
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
leneighteen ratingfive superb sequel that builds upon success of original game, while still being original enough in its own right.
lensixteen ratingfive fully accessible by all ages, this game provides hours of fun for old and young alike.
lensixteen ratingfive my only annoyance is that the objectives are now sequential rather than being "as-and-when"
leneight ratingfive this game is way better than the first
lenfive ratingfive i is awesome and fun
leneight ratingone got the infuse and it won't work.
lensixteen ratingone i was really looking forward to playing, and i see others are having the same problem.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lensix ratingfive just excellent work by imangi studio.
lensix ratingfive i like the game too much.
lenten ratingfive i love this game but it's a little confusing? ?!?
lentwentythree ratingone i am using galaxy tab gt p1000 and it keeps on saying that i can't download it due to an error (498) please help.
lenseven ratingfive addictively entertaining, especially when competing with friends
leneleven ratingfour this version of temple run is incredible compared to the original.
leneleven ratingfour just one problem, the game always randomly deducts coins from me.
lensix ratingfive very good game i like it
lennine ratingthree it hangs and freezes my phone (sony xperia ion)
lenfive ratingfive no doubt.the best game
lenthirteen ratingfive this is world best game who make this game i will give sabashi
lennine ratingthree its error at galaxy tab p1000 i want this game ;'(
lensixteen ratingthree start was superb but after few minutes into gameplay it slows down and response is poor.
lenten ratingthree this occurs especially when you pause and resume the play.
lensix ratingfive it's callenge games to me.
lensix ratingfive make me little crazy and good.
lenthree ratingfive funn gamesss (y)
lenfive ratingfive better than the 1st temple run!
lenfour ratingfive is jus d bes
lenthree ratingfive very nice.game
lenfifteen ratingfive the games from this developers are soo much absorbing that i can play for hours.
lenfourteen ratingone when i put my phone in the middle , it will stay to the right .
lenthirteen ratingfive a little bit harder then the last temple run but still the best !
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing!
lenthirtyseven ratingfour its like perfect i played it on my note 10.1 it worked very nicly but does not work on my older galaxy player5.0 it also worked on the nexus 7 but does not work on older devices please fix that.
lensix ratingfive brilliant game fast pace and entertaining
leneight ratingfour perhaps a side version that has a story.
lenseven ratingfour and the original version as competitive play
leneight ratingfive love it . <3<3  bt temple run (1) is equally good. :) ;)
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
leneight ratingfour i love the game keep going imangi studios
lentwentyfour ratingfive good better best bettter than the rest birds r in their nest  only drawback is u cant play dis game lying on ur bed
lenten ratingfour the game is when dont have nothing else to do.
lenfive ratingfive this is game is exellent
leneleven ratingfour i really like this game, nice graphics and a good gameplay.
lenthirteen ratingfour but after playing it a lot i've noticed quite a few bugs.
lenthirty ratingfour e.g. sometimes the coins just don't count and using gems on power ups is completely useless, cause when i play again, the power ups aren't upgraded anymore.
leneight ratingfour and there are some graphical bugs as well.
lensix ratingfive danger of the year this game
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome mind blowing chance less nan other than dont missed try its treat for world
lentwo ratingfive superior app. :-)
lentwelve ratingone the character freezes and unfreezes constantly and the character won't turn
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
leneleven ratingfive thamk u for  providing this game freely thank u soooo much
lenthree ratingfour kills time nicely.
lentwentysix ratingfour please fix it does not load on my lge-400 still i played my friends cp.i loved it but wanted it on my cp so 4 stars.
lenfifteen ratingtwo objective to collect 500000 coins is still pending even after completing an objective of collecting 1000000 coins.
lennine ratingfive lived upto  d expectations set by d previous version!
lentwo ratingfive vry nice
leneight ratingfive it's an awesome game .i love this
lensix ratingfive it crashes my phone a lot
leneleven ratingfour it is brilliant except for the fact that its too fast.
lenseven ratingfour it gets tough but still very enjoyable.
lenten ratingfive best game ever it is better than the other one
lenfive ratingfive great graphics n enjoying alot
lentwentyone ratingthree i have lost all my saved data and had to start all the way over from the beginning two times now.
lenfour ratingthree otherwise love this game.
leneleven ratingfive did not think it was possible to improve on the original.
lennine ratingfive it is awsome and exciteing its a awsome rush.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenseven ratingfive not very easy and not very difficult.
lennine ratingfive but you will continue playing ones you install it.
lentwo ratingfive awsomly great
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour good game but hard!
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lenseven ratingfive nice work, keep it up imangi studios.
lenten ratingfour great game to pass time and test hand eye coordination.
lennine ratingone i played temple run first part and loved it.
leneighteen ratingone i wasn't expecting the 2nd part but got excited when one of my frnds told me about it.
lennine ratingone but worst part is it has so many bugs.
lenfour ratingone i cant believe it .
lenseventeen ratingone the character sometimes goes running on foot when it enters the mine, forgetting to catch the vehicle.
lentwelve ratingone sometimes when you die it shows you the summary and "run again"
lentwelve ratingone button, but many times it forgets to show the run again button .
lenseventeen ratingone i have screenshot of it, i ran and ran to score 1831410 but my distance wasn't counted!
lenfour ratingfive it is more enjoyable
lenthree ratingfive finally boom again
lenthree ratingfive fun n frolic.
lenthree ratingfive love the upgrades :).
lentwo ratingfive totally addictive
lenseven ratingfour this game has turned my son gay.
lentwelve ratingfour he now watches the view and loves to read the twilight books.
lenthree ratingfour overall good game.
lentwenty ratingthree lvl9's objectives are just asking users to keep wasting lots of time to collect lifetime coins, distance, but not challenging.
lentwelve ratingthree and there is no accumulating power up effect for the same power.
leneighteen ratingthree died several times when previous boost end while i just take another boost which should not end yet
lentwentysix ratingfour you guys should allow power ups to be renewed when getting the same power up again like the way it was in the original temple run
lenfive ratingfour it's pretty good  game
lenfifteen ratingfive i think its a great game very addicting kills you're battery all the time
lennine ratingfive great game even better than the first, very addicting.
leneight ratingfive much more enjoyable than the first temple run!
lenseven ratingfive very good game like it very much.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic.
leneight ratingfive excellent game to kill time and very addicting
lenfour ratingfive excellent joyful pleasant game
lenthree ratingfive hours o fun
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenfour ratingfive very very nice game
lenfour ratingfour nice game awesome graphics
lenthree ratingfour love the game
lenten ratingfive when i play this tr2 i said wow :) now make a tr3
lennineteen ratingtwo i already exceeded 500,000 limit long ago but the progress bar hasn't moved a bit for a long time.
lenthree ratingtwo nice game though.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
leneleven ratingfive there's rail ways,ropes,from monkeys to giant gorillas .excellent!
lenthirtyfive ratingthree it stops when i get to level 7 ive had to redownload 3 times and wont load anymore after level 7 pls pls fix it sucks having to start from beginning cause i have to keep redownloading it.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lenfour ratingfive better the temple run
lensixteen ratingthree the game is pretty fun, though i think the original is better as far as gameplay.
lenten ratingthree i do like the new features on temple run 2 though.
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing
lenthree ratingfive love this games
lennine ratingfive i give thank to imagni studios too much good
lenfour ratingtwo freezes all the time!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.!
leneight ratingfive it just gets a little hard at times
lenten ratingfour if you enjoyed the first then this will not disappoint.
lensix ratingfour the graphical improvements are a welcome!
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphiccs.
lensix ratingfive awesome, better than the first game :)
lenseven ratingone i haven't even played it yet.
leneleven ratingone it freezes on the imangi studios bit then closes by itself.
lentwelve ratingone few ppl have said it works for them cuz of the update.
lenthree ratingone plzz fix asap!
lenfive ratingone i got a htc desire.
lenseven ratingfive so fkn awesome nothing bad about it.
lenfive ratingfive be warned,its shamelessly addictive
lensix ratingfive not play in my galaxy tab p1010 :(
lenthree ratingfive very nice ga
lenfourteen ratingfour a simple game but can make you feel the excitemenr & fun to the fullest.
lenfive ratingfour temple run2 is an awesome game.
lensix ratingfour objectives- they are not getting updated.
lenseventeen ratingfour also the level objectives which have already been completed in earlier rounds don't get automatically updated.
lentwentyfive ratingfour e.g. say the objective is to score 1 million points in level x which i have already done in earlier levels wont get automatically updated.
lentwentytwo ratingfour also i have collected more than 600,000 coins but the objective on level 8 of getting more than 500,000 coins is still being shown incomplete.
lenfifteen ratingfour some upgrades are really expensive like reducing costs(coins/gems) of head start, save me.
lennine ratingfour i still need 100,00 more coins to get all updates.
lentwelve ratingfour please look into these problems to improve this brilliant and addictive game.
lenseven ratingone this app does not let me play.
lenfive ratingfive very fun game to play.
lensixteen ratingfour it would be nice to add weapons like guns bow and arrow 4stars,till you add weapons
leneight ratingfive far better than run 1, am addicted to run 2.
lenfive ratingfive levels are good and difficult.
lenseven ratingfive wish it had different dynamic environment too.
lenfive ratingfive i just lov this game!
lenfour ratingfive good game, brilliant gameplay!
lentwo ratingfour goog game
lenthree ratingfive great game, guys =)
lenthirtyone ratingfour it's a great game love it but fix the lag on htc sensation 4g and ill give it the 5 stars it deserves cause i know this divide can handle this game
lentwelve ratingfive love it          but not when that thing chasing u eats u lol
lenthree ratingfive great time waster!
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is brilliant.
lenten ratingfive ds is d 1 of d best game i ever played
lenfour ratingfive new obstacles better gameplay
lenfifteen ratingtwo graphics are quite improved than the first version but. .is quite boring after few days. .
lentwentyone ratingtwo with same background and features.n powers.having so many other games available this game laga behind by a huge margin
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game is so much better than the regular temple run because of the zip lines and such but it only has the first four characters  from the first game its still so much better!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great squeal.
lentwo ratingfive addicting game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awsome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.!
leneight ratingfive great love it much better graphics and scenery!
lentwo ratingfive hd game
leneight ratingtwo really frustrating , the lag makes the game unplayable
lenfour ratingfive awesome challenging fun game!
lenten ratingone this game won't work on my samsung galaxy s
lensix ratingfive it feels like you're there.
lenfour ratingone always stops at fifty
lenfive ratingfive really good app , more challenging
lentwelve ratingfive not working in defy pls fix i thought new fixes would work .
lenfour ratingfive sooo much better then 1
lenseven ratingthree nice but seems like copy of pitfall
lentwo ratingfour addictive game.
lentwo ratingfive asome mineshaft!
lentwo ratingfive yea buddy
lenfour ratingfive .but with better graphics
lenfive ratingfive waaaayyyy better that the first.
lenten ratingone when i download it, it takes forever and then forecloses.
lenfourteen ratingone i've tried uninstalling and then installing it again but it does the same.
lensixteen ratingone i would like for it to work because my husband has it and i love it.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo its way too laggy ill give it till the next update if its still laggy im deleting it it also has way to many bugs
lenfour ratingfour crash lots of times
lentwo ratingfive great grapich!
lenthree ratingfive beter than original.
lensix ratingfive this comment is very less heard.
lenten ratingfive as sequels tend to be worse most of the times.
lensix ratingthree this was amazing, tr2 will be star!
lenthirty ratingthree i wish a sonic run, where sonic will run, badniks chases, ring on every side, too bad, not working on my samsung gt-p1000, i played it on my friend but.
lenthirty ratingfour the game is good but now when i get on the green i comes on and then is clicks off and i unstalled and reinstalled and does the same thing
lenseven ratingfive this game has came to my addiction.
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game keep me on my toes and finger.lol good game.
lentwelve ratingfive by adding different environment elements, they hv made the game more dynamic
lenfourteen ratingfour i love it.except the part where the game starts over everytime i exit.
lenseventeen ratingfive great game .itkeeps you busy for hours .i just love it.it deserves 5 stars.keep it up.
lennineteen ratingone it don't work wen i click on it to play it, it goes bac to d home page
lenfour ratingthree it never doun louds
lennine ratingfive it's a very dashing game i ever saw .
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi
lenseven ratingfive love the game           i love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lentwelve ratingfive i play temple run,,but i always failed,,,but very good game
lentwentyone ratingthree i love temple run but i wish there was a way to compete with friends through social networking such as facebook.
lenten ratingthree game gets old fast just competing with my own self.
lensix ratingfive just a brilliant game and fantastic
lentwo ratingthree excellent  game
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is so cool it's amazing improved performance makes it even better
lensix ratingone this is such a great game.
lentwentysix ratingone i have it on my ipod but on my htc evo it just stays on the loading screen and exits to my hope page by itself.
leneight ratingone i tries deleting it and then reinstalling it.
lentwo ratingfour cool game :-)
lenfortyone ratingfive very addicting n superb game.but .fix the tilting issue.n whats this in the new update.everything is just same but the coins when we collect are going very slowly to the meter point.fix it .it looks very odd.
lensix ratingfive i love the game so mach
lentwo ratingfive boredom killer
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfifteen ratingone everytime i tried 2 go on it just closes down, freezes and makes my phone slow.
lenthree ratingfive love it :-) addicted
lenfourteen ratingone it install in my lg l3 phone but i doesnt work but it shut down
lenfour ratingfour this app is great
lenfourteen ratingfive i loved the game n m infinity percent sure dat ull also loooove it!
lensix ratingfive my younger brother love this game
lenseventeen ratingfive i am a fan of temple run  this game rocks me works smooth in my xperia tipo
lenten ratingfour h?i chng m?t 1 cht nh?ng c?ng kh?hay
lenthree ratingone imangi is crap.
lentwentytwo ratingone i decide to buy the coin doubler to support them, but it never worked (on three devices-nexus 4, sgs3, and razr hd maxx).
lenfourteen ratingone they've ignored two emails i've sent asking for support or a refund
lenthree ratingfour like one better.
leneight ratingthree game is great but there are still glitches.
lenten ratingthree level 8 has impossible objectives which has made the game boring.
lenfifteen ratingthree and for some reason, the meter will only go up one objective at a time.
leneight ratingthree i may uninstall because of boredom with level 8.
lenfive ratingfive its truly fantastic!excellent!superb!
lenfive ratingfour hours of fun game play
lenthree ratingfive @.@ trippin balls yo.
lenfour ratingfive nyc .worth of downloading.
lenfour ratingfive this game id amazing
lensix ratingfive super fun to play, no problems
lenseven ratingfour good game wid nice graphics.good work
lentwo ratingfive runs perfect.
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics.
lenfive ratingfive most addictive game ever played.
lenseven ratingtwo this game needs some serious bug fixes.
lentwo ratingfive ang lupet
lensix ratingfive runs flawless in razr maxx hd
lenten ratingfive i laughed, i cried, i scream my annoyed head of!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is so addictive and unbeatable!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfive even better than the first one but sooooooo addictive
leneight ratingfive very good game.nice graphis my fav game
lenthirtysix ratingfive game is awesome till 8th level.but after that its too boring.my present score is 49.2 million.but the objective of running 10 million lifetime meter seems to be boring and i lost interest.no more good objectives.
lenthirtyone ratingfive consecutive powers does not work and if we are using power ups and suddenly some new powers show up then that does not extent for double of time please fix it.
lenthree ratingfive sometimes gems show -1.
lenfifteen ratingfive saw a weird behavior the person sleeping and running bcos i slipped near the end
lenthree ratingfive very awsome game
lenseven ratingfive i using galaxy s and tottaly enjoining.
lentwelve ratingfour it's more difficult than the old one but i like challenges.
lentwo ratingfive time killer
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive this game is very fun nd addictive
lenthree ratingfive awesome very awesome
lensix ratingfive its a dream liner must install
lenten ratingone keeps forclosing on me please fix ive never played it :)
lentwentythree ratingfive really good game thats very addictive easy enough to pick straight up but does get hard.good time waster and would deffinatly recomend
lenfive ratingfive extraordinary, fantastic, none stop fun.
lentwentyseven ratingfour first i thought this game is cool and all but once i started to play it seems a bit hard than first part other wise its good.
lennine ratingone all of these games once downloaded won't run!
leneleven ratingfive not able to open it on my sony ericson xperia p
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run
lenfive ratingfive nive game it'osm game
lensix ratingfour this game is great very addictive.
lentwentyseven ratingfour however i do wish you could change the motion sensitivity like on the old temple run, bc it seems a lot less sensitive than i would like.
lenten ratingfour you really have to turn your phone to not fall.
lenfive ratingfive improved graphics and more exciting.
lenfifteen ratingfour good,but sometimes it slows down and resets ,pls upload new games like this version
lenfive ratingfive i love it sooo much
lentwo ratingfive zooooooooooooo hmmmm
lenfour ratingfive best mobile game ever
lensix ratingfive awesome game like the new feature
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a great game and it's even better than the first version.
lenthree ratingfive addicted to play.
lensix ratingfive i very much like this game.
lenseven ratingfive it is more good than temple run 1.
lenthirteen ratingone why it is showing package file invalid,whenever i tried to download it?
lenthree ratingfive brilliant sexy on gs2
lenten ratingfour it's great once you get the hang of it.
lenten ratingfive simply the best n most addictive game in recent times.
leneight ratingfour fixing performance on older devices is really fixed.
lennine ratingfour my galaxy ace plus still keeps lagging and restarting.
lenfour ratingfive very entertaining and fun.
leneleven ratingthree at times it is difficult to differentiate between coin and sand.
lentwelve ratingfive this game was fun and the new version is way way better!
leneight ratingfive i play whenever i have a dull moment!
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
leneight ratingfive i like it;way better than the original
lentwelve ratingfive i play temple run,,but i always failed,,,but very good game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive just want to keep playing!
lenthree ratingfive great graphics too!
lenfive ratingfive excellent game lots of fun
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome app
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lennine ratingone has so much potential but is very very buggy.
lenfifteen ratingone fun but should be as stable and solid (programming wise) as the original temple run
lenfour ratingfive awesome gameplay, overall excellent
lenfive ratingthree needs to be more responsive
leneight ratingfive no lag at alllll' supper and ultimate game
lentwentyfive ratingfour this game is awesome but when i get two a mineshaft i'm screwed because my phone won't tilt fast enough with the turns.
lennine ratingfour maybe add swipe to make it a little easier.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lenfive ratingfive check fb(dot)com/liquiddesignstm
lensix ratingfive cool new way to spend time.
lennine ratingfive game is sooo easy to play and sooo adictive!
lenfifteen ratingfive it gets progressively more difficult but when you die you just have to go again.
lentwo ratingfive grate game.
lensix ratingfive a must game on your phone
lentwelve ratingone i rate it a 0 it doesnt work on my galaxy s i
lentwelve ratingthree i can't even play this game because it lags so bad
lenseven ratingfive very good game process a little slow
lenfour ratingfive casanova of all games
lenseven ratingone it dosent keep any coins i colect
lenthirteen ratingfive i think is better den the first i love it is very exciting. .
lenthirteen ratingfive same kind of fun you get from the original prince of persia games.
lensix ratingfive great improvement from the first one.
lenseventeen ratingfive my only con is some obstacles are impossible, idk if it's a glitch but it happens.
lenseven ratingfive not frequently enough to truly complain about.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentynine ratingfive i like this game but when i installed it don't to start put out me.i want to play this game.tell me what`s the problem.;xx
lenthirtytwo ratingthree the game is super cool but it freezes a lot like everytime i play it and this is so frustrating, so please fix the bugs really and ill give a better review
lensix ratingfive temple run have improved too much!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game: -)
lenfour ratingfive this game is great
lensixteen ratingfour temple run is back and it's second edition is as good as it can get.
leneight ratingfour rest all is good and better than first.
leneight ratingfour good game it's funny i like it
lentwelve ratingfive they improved on an already great game with even more addictive gameplay!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingone i start it up and when loaded it turned off.
lenthree ratingfive an excellent game
lennine ratingone dont work on htc desire uninstall till next update
lentwelve ratingfive it has really amazing graphics and better layout than the previous version !
lenthirteen ratingfive well made, can't wait to see what else they come up with.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original
leneighteen ratingthree but, i'm running into the same problem as others when it comes to the gold miner objective.
lenthirteen ratingthree i can't get it even though my total gold count is over 500,000
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingfive brilliant if you haven't got this game you need it
lentwelve ratingthree the game is fantastic, but lags every so often and kills me.
lenfive ratingthree please fix the lag/stutter.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer!
leneight ratingfour very good game, runs good on my gnex
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive very addictive but entertaining!
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
leneleven ratingthree why would anyone want to play a game with no end?
lentwelve ratingfour its kool and addicting but it laggs a bit on my fone
leneight ratingfive this game is just amazingly great.love it.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwentyone ratingfour i love the game but it keeps freazeeing when the man dies and won't save and keeps show the toutial
lentwo ratingfive great fan
lennine ratingfour the last update was fine.until the glitches sta
lensixteen ratingfour still getting used to the depth of the graphics compared to no. 1 but it's good!
lenfifteen ratingfour and btw, why does the monkey dog keep up with me when i speed up?
lenseven ratingfour should be able to widen the gap.
lentwentyone ratingthree i love this game but i wish after every time u die it lets you start back where you died at.
lenseven ratingthree thats mu major dislike about this game
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
leneight ratingfive this is such a fun and entertaining game.
leneight ratingfive it is the best game i ever played
lenfive ratingone game lags way too much
lenthree ratingfive best run game
lenten ratingone after reaching 500k coins the objective isn't recorded as complete.
lenseventeen ratingone the progress bar is at halfway which makes me think it's tied into the 1mill coin objective
lentwentynine ratingthree with the volume turned all of the way down on music and sound effects, i can still hear him running and the sounds when selecting items in the menu.
lensixteen ratingthree shouldn't have to adjust the actual media volume when these are all the way down.
lenthree ratingthree great game otherwise.
lensixteen ratingone it dosent run on my phone at the start it crashes :/ i have a  galaxy s 19000t
lenfour ratingfive its fun when bored
lenthree ratingfive awesome nd addictive
lentwo ratingfive sooooo addictive.
lenthree ratingfour good .better dan b4
lenfifteen ratingtwo i would love this game more if i didnt die all time because of lagging
lenfifteen ratingfive i always loved temple run, but a sequel was the last thing i would expect.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 for the win!
lenseventeen ratingfour amazingg game i've ever played but there seems to be some bug with gold miner achievement.
lentwelve ratingfour i've got over 500,000 coins but the bar isn't getting filled.
lentwo ratingfive ohhhh ya
lenfive ratingfive it always says forced close
lentwo ratingfive great.game.
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is the best game everrrr its sooooo much better than the original temple run
lensixteen ratingone it doset work so you better do somethink about it or i will put an cunplant
lenfortythree ratingtwo its ok every time my coins get to three thousand it starts over an on my android phone it want go pass the start screen i do like the game just sucks my coins keep starting over makes me not want to play
lenfifteen ratingfour is cool game but the sensor make is some how unfair but is great one.
lentwo ratingfive action packed!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game because their is 2 temple runs and it is so cool!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingthree cool game
lenfive ratingtwo several glitches in game play
lenseventeen ratingtwo would be a 5 but game skips and freezes mid play to often for a 4 or 5 star rating
lensixteen ratingfour would like sensitivity settings like the old game since this doesnt work on my s3 without it.
lennine ratingfour always die on the train, cant get past it!
lenthirty ratingfive only negative point is unlike temple run 1.here the objectives which are present on our menu.(only 3 at a time ) only that would be fulfilled and not any other objective.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfourteen ratingthree this game, while fun, is still not as good as the first temple run.
lenthirtyone ratingthree instead of coming up with new ideas for power ups and pickups, they decided instead to stick with old ones and remove invincibility (was replaced with shield, which is absolutely useless).
lenfifteen ratingthree though not all bad, new graphics, areas and so on are fun, but feel tired.
leneleven ratingthree i would wish for more pickups that did different things instead.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lensix ratingfive good time killer, quite additive too
lenfour ratingfive good to kill time
lentwo ratingfour great game!
leneight ratingfive love this version, the graphics are really nice.
leneighteen ratingfive this version is harder than the previous but at the same time it contains more adventure and obstacles.
lenthree ratingfive worth the download.
lenten ratingfive this is 1 f d bst gme i hve evr plyd.:)
lennine ratingone and the game won't open on my phone.
lentwentyone ratingone i've tried undownloading it and redownloading it 4 times and i've tried updating it but it still won't work
lentwo ratingfive endless fun
lenseven ratingfive it took me for eva to downloal.
lenthree ratingfive change it pls
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive catchy game
lenseven ratingthree this is a great work of art.
lennineteen ratingone its not working in my android its saying invalid pakage plz anybody help i want to play this game
lentwo ratingfive excellent. .fantastic. .
lenthirteen ratingone i have an android phone.i can't get pass the green screen!
lenfourteen ratingone i uninstalled it once and re-installed it and i got the same results.
leneight ratingfive u will never get bored plying this game
lenfourteen ratingfive it works excellent ony galaxy note i love this ge yr supb game 6 stars. .
leneighteen ratingfive this is a really good game i would love to be on it all day but i cant :-(:-(:-(:-(
lenfive ratingfive its awesome with best graphics
lentwenty ratingthree its ok it needs more people , bc it only has like 4 so yah it could use a lot more people !
lennine ratingfive this game is incrediblee and doesnt lag or whatever .
lennine ratingfour a lot of fun and improved since the first.
lensix ratingfour however its missing the sensitivity bar.
leneight ratingone best game ever appart from every other game
lenthree ratingfour love the game!
lennine ratingfour will give five stars when you fix the objectives.
lentwentysix ratingfour but something problem its automatically stop the game then u have to resume if u want to continue playing may be it has a bug problem
lenfive ratingfive everyone sh ould play it!
lenthree ratingfour temple of fun
lenfourteen ratingfive one of the best games on the android market, hours and hours of fun!
lentwentynine ratingone why i cant play this game with my p1000 galaxy tab?can you do something please right now?ill give you better n nice rate after you fix it okay?
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive great game, no obnoxious ads.
lenfour ratingfive i love the game.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is so amazing :d
lenfive ratingfive alot better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive more challenging also
lenfive ratingfive this game is awesome yeh!
lensix ratingthree it kept kn crashing and resetting
lentwelve ratingfour the original game is superb but this game is a little harder.
leneleven ratingfour graphics are incredible and gamplay still the same as the original.
lennine ratingfour great for seasoned temple runners who like a challenge.
lenthree ratingfive very addicting game.
lenfive ratingtwo not better than temple run 1
leneight ratingfive much better than the original must have a * * * * * *
leneighteen ratingone was exied when i installed it but after when i tried to open it, it force closes itself.
lennine ratingfour the first one was one of my favorite games.
lenseventeen ratingfour this one is even better but in having trouble getting him to run from side to side.
leneight ratingfour its kinda annoying but i will keep playing.
leneight ratingfive it's the best game in the world
leneighteen ratingfive its a wonderfull game with exciting things/objects in side .despite it gets hard , real good and addicting !
leneleven ratingtwo it won't let me open it please fix or uninstalling
lenfour ratingfive great graphic awesome game.
leneight ratingfive one thing it keeps taking all my coins.
lennine ratingfive it's so much better than regular temple run.
lenthree ratingfive awesome game play .
lenthirteen ratingfive so different from the 1st one, smoother better more intresting, very fun to play!
lensix ratingfive recommended for non-gamers as well !
lenthirty ratingtwo i earned 1,000,000 lifetime coins but the objective to collect 1,000,000 coins is still not cleared by the game.pls help as m not able to reach level 9 becoz of this lag.
lenseventeen ratingfour this is a brilliant game and a very fun game but not as good as the original
leneleven ratingtwo i enjoy much more the playing style of the first game.
lenseven ratingtwo don't like graphics nor the style.
lennine ratingtwo i will have to keep playing the old version.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise i love this game!
lentwo ratingfour great graphics!
lenseven ratingthree it freezes to much, it's ridiculous
lensix ratingfive every time i wanna press the "
lenfour ratingfive choice the "more games"
leneleven ratingfive note pops out and i cant ignore it :( fix it please
lentwentyfour ratingone when i try to open the  game it shows the imangi studios simbol for about 30 seconds, then it exits back to the home screen.
lenfifteen ratingone i really liked the original temple run and look forward to playing the second one!
lenfive ratingone i have an htc thunderbolt.
lentwo ratingfive nice awsm.
leneighteen ratingfour due to a glitch my stats got erased and next time i oppened the game then i got!
lenthree ratingfour 999999999 coins and 999999900 gems.
lenseven ratingfive a very good game i love it:-)
lensixteen ratingone droid 2 wrks for a couple of times but then doesn't work until u reinstall it.
lenthree ratingfive great game b-)
lensixteen ratingfive it was a good and fun game,  you will scream and shout whenever you are playing
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 was better way than temple run
lenthree ratingfive definitely worth it!
lenthirteen ratingone please fix so i can really enjoy the fun ive been hearing about.
lensix ratingfour its nice my kids love it.
lenfive ratingfive great time killing game  addictive
lenseven ratingfive the original and the best auto runner!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive this is a great game of all time!
leneight ratingfive doesn't get any better than this folks.
lentwelve ratingtwo why are most of my coins every time after reopening the app?
lennine ratingfive love this new and improved version of temple run.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is soo much better!
leneleven ratingthree hi all u all have no life if ur reading this
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwentyone ratingone i loved temple run and really looked forward to this new version but it won't load on my sidekick 4g android.
leneleven ratingone i've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesn't work.
lentwentyone ratingone i wish it would, but for now i think i'll just uninstall and wait for when they update it again.
lensix ratingfive this is such a great game!
lenten ratingfive i can't wait to see what #3 will be like!
lennine ratingfive great game, great graphics, addictive and different every time.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lentwentyfive ratingfive temple run is a fun way to pass your free time and its way better than temple run one because it actually feels more real
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lentwo ratingfive game nice
lenfour ratingfive love this absolutly perf!
lennineteen ratingone i really wanna play but it gets stuck on the first screen plzzzzzz fix everyone says its so good :-(
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirtyfive ratingthree i don't know what is going wrong every time that i at least get to 3,000 my coins are stolen and goes back to 500:.(i really hate that:.( besides that its a pretty good game. :)
lenfortysix ratingthree this game is better than the first and i am a huge fan but don't wast your money i never r pay for stuff and i did once it was 10 bux for 150, 000 coins never received them also tried to contact imangi studio 4 times and nothing.
lentwo ratingfour amazing game.
lenfive ratingthree the tilt is barely responsive.
leneleven ratingthree i have to tilt my phone completely sideways to shift sides.
lenseven ratingfive it is an awesome game never crashes
lentwo ratingfive great games
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
leneighteen ratingfive this sequel really delivers, with a new upgrade system and ability to accept or ignore saves or headstarts.
leneight ratingfour but some ability are better than this version.
lensixteen ratingfive great game its is better then the ios and runs very smooth compared to temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive overall great game
lentwo ratingfive gr8 time waister
lenfive ratingfive this game has me hooked!
lennine ratingfive im an expert.thank you for enventing this game!
lensix ratingfive ayy.lil 2 fast,, but kool/funn!
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive fab game     .
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfive totally fun great use of curves so you fell like you're actually there.
lensix ratingfive the upgrades are fun to get.
lenfive ratingfive the achievements are now useful
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive it is so much tougher than temple run.
lenthree ratingfive love a challenge
lenthree ratingfour pretty fun game.
lentwelve ratingfour can't beat a lot of these high scores but good game.
lentwentythree ratingfour good game but needs more gems.but they need to lower the prices for upgrade                                                                                                                        hhhhhbbbbckhi jkn vhvbv bbhdd xbfdhfbcfbdbdd d d ffnfn
lentwentytwo ratingfive better and faster than ios version using a nexus 4 running cm10.1.the graphics are great at best quality and it's very responsive.
lenfive ratingfive it is a  great game
lenten ratingone only half of the screen was shown on my screen.
lenten ratingone because of that i had to give a 1 star rating :(
lensix ratingfive a very good game to enjoy
lenseven ratingfour good game but starting to run slow.
lenfive ratingfour causes me to die easily.
lensix ratingfive it's a really fun game.
lentwenty ratingfive it's great for when you don't have a lot of time but need to full a few minutes.
leneighteen ratingfive it's also great when you have the time to keep playing trying top bear your last score.
lensix ratingfive i love it because its fun
lenthirteen ratingfour i enjoy playing it but it seems to get very fast very early.
lenfive ratingfour this is a fun game.
lennine ratingfive really smooth even on a phone with low processor :)
lensix ratingfive my baby pumpkiin loves this game
lentwo ratingfour superb game
lensix ratingthree on my phone it is crashing,
lentwentyeight ratingfive it is great if u ever try to survivrpe u would probly die my advice is u would have a better chance at temple run than temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingfour i have completed the 500000 coin goal and it will not mark it as completed.
lenfour ratingfour otherwiseit woukd be 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive large improvement over temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive beautiful graphics and the added gameplay elements make the game feel "fuller".
lenten ratingone it won't open the application on my samsung sidekick
lenseven ratingfive so many great improvements from the first!
lennine ratingfive the best games from android and its free wow!   :-)
leneighteen ratingfour i didn't enjoy the first one but this is a great way to spend short free time
lenthirtythree ratingone iv reyes to download this 10 times and it just sticks on the loading screen and its only this app because all oft other ones work even temple run 1 works but not this one
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is the best game i have ever ever played!:-)  you should download it! :-)
lennineteen ratingfive this is a great game, usually the later versions of most games are not as good as the original.
lennineteen ratingfive it feels more realistic and lively and a little more difficult perhaps than the original but its worth downloading!
lenseventeen ratingfour it's really fun but whenever i get to about 200,000 its get laggy and gets me killed
lensix ratingfive great game and so much fun!
leneight ratingfive temple run2is exallent game it's better than temple 3
lenfortynine ratingfive only played the original temple run on mates phones and on brothers ipod but downloaded this to give it a try like better than the first and constantly on it every time i have a break at work or bored and free at home thanks for bringing it back
lentwelve ratingfour i think temple run 2 is great because they have add new things.
lenthirteen ratingfour it is a bit difficult then temple run, because of lack of reseruction.
lennine ratingone the game plays too fast for a touch screen.
lentwo ratingone thats irritating!
leneight ratingfour except it freezes up sometimes on my phone.
lenten ratingfour not sure if its my phone or the app though.
lentwelve ratingfour visually the game is better than the first and just as addicting!
lenthirtyfour ratingfour but the swiping directions dont feel as responsive like the first and needs the tilt sensitivity option.if these two can  be fixed hopefully then i would happily give this game a 5 star rating =)
lentwelve ratingfive same game more fun more actions better graphics and it's free
lenten ratingone sensitivity very high & not as interesting as temple run1 for sure
lenseven ratingfive runs really well and is so addiction.
lensix ratingfive i found no bugs or glitches.
lenten ratingfive and that has something to do with my amazing phone =)
lentwo ratingfive sick game! :-)
lenfourteen ratingfive improvements on the original, same basic formula but the additions (especially graphics) elevate it.
lenseventeen ratingfive refilling power is very neat and makes you wonder why it wasn't in the first game!
lenfifteen ratingone battery died on phone and when i've recharged my temple run game has restarted.
lenfive ratingone so dissapointed, was really enjoying.
lentwo ratingone found challenging.
lensix ratingone re-installed but still the same.
lennineteen ratingone was going to buy the disney temple run but doubt i will now in fear of the same happening.
lenten ratingfive this game is great i even think they should advertise
lentwo ratingfour great game.
leneight ratingfour graphics are sharp and game play is great!
lennine ratingfour great game to pass time would recommend to everyone.
lennine ratingfive tha game is fun y'all jus get it!
lensix ratingthree 500k coins objective won't credit me.
lensix ratingthree a lot of running for nothing.
lensix ratingfive so fun can't stap playing
lentwentyfive ratingfive perfect run on my android device, i also did a comparision with an iphone 4 and the graphics amd response is better on a android device.
lenfive ratingfive lots of fun great sequel
lenfour ratingfive great and fast game
leneight ratingfive finalllly temple run 2 , i like it thanx guys
leneighteen ratingfour the game is great overall but the powerups don't mount up as you collect the same ones.
lenfortyfour ratingfour for example, i would get a magnet and it's fine but later when i jump to get another magnet while i still have the first one, the second magnet doesn't count and my first magnet ends without an extended amount of time.
lenfive ratingfive never stop playing this game
lentwentytwo ratingtwo you know how when the coin meter turns green you doubly tap for your ability, well my ability thingy isn't working :(
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best game on the android very addictive i play it 24/7
leneight ratingfive its aa great gme yhu shudd try it
lenseventeen ratingfive just get this apparently to get infinity diamonds and money, ( unlimited coins temple run 1 or 2) most likely 2
lentwo ratingfive absolutely brilliant .
leneighteen ratingfive very addictive well worth it so give it a go and i dont say that about many games
leneleven ratingone i have seen it on other phones and it looks amazing.
lenfourteen ratingone so upset i can't play on my samsung :( i was very excited too.
lentwelve ratingfour add new powerups and objectives because i am getting bored of this !
lensix ratingfive even better than the first tr!
lensix ratingfive great, more harder than temple run 1!
leneight ratingthree it interrupts the flow and looks very choppy.
leneleven ratingthree if changed back or if improved, it'd get 5 billion stars.
lenthree ratingfour great addictive game
lenseven ratingone crashes every time on the loading screen.
lentwelve ratingone can't even play the game i was looking forward to playinf.
lensix ratingfive best one yet make temple run 3
lentwelve ratingtwo its too boring it is bad i hardly get the score high
lenfour ratingfive this games is awsome
lenten ratingfour i love this 2nd version for it has level and mission.
lenfifteen ratingfour i would give 5star if by next completing next level you would be in another view.
lennine ratingfive great game nice detail having great fun playing it.
leneight ratingfour stop giving me credit for my lifetime coins.
lenthree ratingfive no more lags.
lennine ratingfive it is so much better than the first version
lenthree ratingfour loving this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive really funnn everyone download it there's nothing wrong with this app best game ever
lensix ratingfive big improvement since temple run one
lennine ratingfive love it and even better then the first one.
lennine ratingthree too difdicult sometimes, too hard on the train part
lentwo ratingfour smoother gameplay.
lenfour ratingfour superior graphics over 1st version.
lensix ratingfour haven't unlocked new characters yet.
lenseven ratingfour hoping i get some kind of "extra"
lenfour ratingfour abilities with each character.
lenten ratingfour don't want just a costume and/or gender change.
leneight ratingfour power ups seem to take longer to acquire.
lenthree ratingfour fun to play.
leneighteen ratingfour this app cause my phone to run a little on the allow side when i first go it.
lenfour ratingfour i love this app.
lentwentyfour ratingone this game is dumb, i wasted internet on my phone downloading it, and it only loads to the load up screen then shuts off.
lennineteen ratingone i've been waiting for a week for someone to respond to me about my issue, and nobody has.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lensix ratingfive better graphics and  quality.love it
lennine ratingfive hands down the funnest game i have ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingthree sometimes slow at jumping, sliding etc even though done the action on the screen.
lenfour ratingthree e.g  swiped left.
lenten ratingfive way better than the first temple run in every way.
lenseven ratingfive everything the old game was and more.
lenseven ratingfive don't like minecarts too much though.
lenfour ratingfive still a cool idea.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfour if you're eleven apparently you can beat everyone
lenseven ratingfive i think it's awesome love it
lentwentytwo ratingone it looks to be that everyone that has an infuse is suffering this problem;  some tech issue that prevents it from playing.
lenthirty ratingone imangi studios please address because you already updated once for just a small reason in-game; but now you need to fix freezes and force close upon loading your app.
lenseven ratingfive love this game it is very fun
lenthree ratingtwo it hangs alot.
lenfour ratingfive i love the game
lensix ratingfive my coins are getting taken away!
lenfifteen ratingfive sometimes i will have 3000 coins and the next time i check i only have 500 coins!
lenten ratingfive passes the time if your waiting for laundry or something.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are better.
lenten ratingfive there is character choice and the objectives are better organized.
leneleven ratingthree they did to much, in my opinion the original is better
lenthirty ratingone slow download slow run above all slow start i mean i start new game and its like 2 mins before i move if i could i would rate -5 stars uninstall imidiatly!
leneight ratingfive love it just dont like how it freezes
leneight ratingfive works perfectly on htc vivid love this game.
lentwenty ratingone i was really excited to get temple run 2, but every time i try to open it, it force closes immediately.
leneight ratingfive this is great, from adventure to pursue monster!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfive ratingfive chilling foe temple run in 3d
lenfourteen ratingfive i really liked the first temple run so now i really like this one .
lentwelve ratingfive even better and if u don't like it u r crazy!
lenfour ratingfive great game, very responsive!
lenthree ratingfive c'est trs chouette.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingthree im using a samsung infuse 4g and i will open the gane and then it will viberate and then go back to home screen.
lenfour ratingthree i would appreciate feedback.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive everything is pretty much awesome.
lenseven ratingfive definitely an improvement from the 1st temple run.
lenthree ratingfive keep'em coming!
lenseven ratingfour the new additions make it pretty cool!
lenfifteen ratingone ever since the new update i have been unable to open the game please fix
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingfive i always loved the first temple run, this one is just as awesome but better, yea!
lenfour ratingfive wooooh go temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive great game its really fun!
lenfour ratingfive it great high score 36,893
lenten ratingfour i'm having fun with this so far, quite addicting.
lensixteen ratingfour it would be cool if the locations changed a bit more as you travel further though.
lenseven ratingfive this is a fun and excellent game
lensix ratingone will not play on my triumph
leneight ratingfive love it even though i never played it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game :*
lenthree ratingfive love the 3d effect.
lenfour ratingfive also love the gems =))))
lenfive ratingfive graphics and game is hot
lentwo ratingfive reallyyy funnn.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingfive good graphics, sample game, but it's interesting game, love it.
lenfour ratingfive love this game alot!
lenfifteen ratingone the game is awesome but it keeps coming up with the message package file invalid >:[
lenseven ratingone its wont let me download it wtf
lensix ratingfive this app is an great app!
lenfive ratingfive breaking point if  u dare
lennine ratingfour excellent app to kill time worth a free download
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to the game :-)
lenfive ratingfour it makes pooping more fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingfive its awesome my hubby and kids play it also!
lenfour ratingfive hard to put down.
lenthree ratingfive fun and challenging.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenfive ratingfive good game for passing time.
lenfour ratingfive best game very funny
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lensix ratingfive this is the game to play.
leneight ratingfive is more easer to get the coins or
lenseven ratingone keep crashing after 1-2min ingame.fix this plz
lenfive ratingfive i love this game lots
lentwo ratingfive fun, exciting.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game!
lenfive ratingfive but temple run 2 is superb.
lenfive ratingfive beats temple run hands down!
lensix ratingfive so much fun and great gameplay.
leneleven ratingfive i just hope they let montana smith in the game soon!
lentwo ratingfive boo yah!
leneight ratingfive i cant believe this is even invented , xd
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfortyeight ratingthree i use a nexus 10 and the mission 2 complete 50000 coins has got stuck even though i have already earned more then tht also the game gets stuck at times and there is a lag in response .also same power up collected successively are useless because they are not activated .
lenfive ratingfive this is ma favorite game
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played.
lensix ratingfive perfect game to pass by time
leneight ratingfour its  better nd more interesting than temple run 1.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyfive ratingthree so,you guys need to fix how whenever i play it for a certain time, i have to download it again for it to play.
lennineteen ratingtwo it's been almost 2 weeks and no reply on when i will get my in game money, what gives?
lensix ratingfive its a good game really amazing.
lenseven ratingfive you guys should definitley get the game.
lenfive ratingfive way better than subway surfer.
lentwentyfive ratingfive so much fun better graphics best game over all this game is gonna be at the top of app stores averywhere for a long time
leneleven ratingthree it's slow and doesn't work good with my phone!
lennine ratingfive this game is better than temple run 1 great job
leneleven ratingfive i love it        it is the best sequel to temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfour overall i rate it pretty good but i wanted more characters in it
lentwo ratingfive proper addictive!
lenthree ratingfour great new look!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive!
lensix ratingone doesn't allow me to play.
lenthree ratingfive best game eva
lenseven ratingfour it was just above average, nothing special
lentwentyfour ratingthree great game but it says a need 1.000.000 coin objective when stats say a have well over a life time million coins why is this
lensix ratingfive excellent but to quick for me
lentwentysix ratingone i wanted to play it but it wont let me play whenever it force my game off :/ i think its for galaxy devices, iphones. :/ why not sidekick4g?
lennine ratingfive best game i have on my tablet by far
lennine ratingfive i absoutlutely love temple run it's so awesome!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first.
lenseven ratingthree it's a good game download it!
lenseven ratingfive dope,  way better than the first one
leneight ratingone won't even load the game start screen.
lenfour ratingthree this game is awesome.
lenfive ratingthree except for a few bugs
leneleven ratingfour love this game, it's more addictive than the last one.
leneight ratingfour lots of good ideas and lots of fun
lenfive ratingfive i play all day long ?
leneight ratingfive i so love the graphics of temple run 2!
lenten ratingfive can't help to play it over and over again!
lensixteen ratingfive i love this app its soo addicting .i think anyone and everyone should get it.:d
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive i love it !even know i keep lossing.lol!
lensix ratingfive but it is fun to play!
lenten ratingone the game wont let me play and it keeps closing.
lentwelve ratingone i guess that this game is really good but hard to open.
lenfour ratingone not great on tablets.
lenfourteen ratingone my little brother was looking forward to this game but i cant open it
lensixteen ratingone even after collecting 500,000 life time coins, the objective still not getting completed.please fix this asap!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game good time passer
lenthree ratingfive love temple run 2!
lenthree ratingfive so addictive hahahaha
lenfifteen ratingfive but the 100, 000 lifetime coins objective isnt clearing even though i have more coins than that!
lenthirteen ratingfive i loved the first temple run but i love this one even more.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfive ratingfive awesome this is hardr than temple run1
lenthree ratingfive addictive, and fun!
lenfour ratingfive great game very addicting
lenthree ratingfive twice as nice
lentwo ratingfive super apps
lennineteen ratingfour the new graphics take some getting used to, but there are some aspects that are better than the first
lensix ratingfive takes forever to dwnload plz fix! :/
lentwo ratingfive cool  cool
lentwo ratingfive cool game (:
lensix ratingone it won't download for me.
lenseven ratingfive its really good and fun try it
lenthirtyone ratingone incredible detail and colors shadows are sweet but now that ive been playing it for a few weeks i freaking hate it ive bought over 20 dam dollers on coins and gems.
lentwentyseven ratingone i just bought 500 and as soon as i click on using one it tells me i dont have any would you like to buy some more grrrrrrrrrrrr.
lensix ratingtwo my coins are not being saved!
lenthirteen ratingtwo everytime i come back to the game it says i have no coins.
leneight ratingthree updated graphics, new challenges, revamped power up system .
lentwentyfour ratingthree seems very buggy (my runner will randomly careen off at a 90 degree angle left or right) and power up placement is sometimes a joke.
lensix ratingthree good sequel, but not a successor.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics. .
lensix ratingfive just dissolves one into the game .   .
lentwo ratingfive jst speechless :-) :-)
lenseven ratingfive i love this games better than num.1
lentwo ratingfive mast hai
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lentwo ratingfive awsomeeee game
leneleven ratingfive i have to do something else but i just keep playing.
lenten ratingfive since the the temple run 2 came out ive been playing
lenthree ratingfive awesome, more challenging.
lenseventeen ratingfour it wont open now = / which makes me sad because i play this game every chance i get.
lenfive ratingfour i have a galaxy tab.
lennine ratingfive i give thank to imagni studios too much good
lennine ratingfive this game is so hard but i   love it!
lenthirtynine ratingfour i'm giving 4 stars as it is good and addictive, but it has bugs in objectives and also after latest update the game is not saving any points or coins it hanged to before updated stats :(  please fix thanks.
lentwentyseven ratingone i have over a million coins to fill the life time coin meter according to my stats but the objectives screen isn't showing it as complete
lennine ratingfive can't stop playing it this game is amaizing
lenfour ratingfour better than first version.
lenfifteen ratingfour he only bad thing is that doesn't save the game when you close it.
lenseven ratingfour please include this, it'd be awesome!
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenseven ratingfive i have a lot of fun playing
lenfive ratingfive love love love love it
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game although its thw second part of part one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i click on it, it just redirect me to my home screen.
lensix ratingone my phone is the htc desire.
lenfive ratingfive omg too addicting great job
lensix ratingfour this is a very fun game
lenthirteen ratingfour very addictive but got boring after a few days playing.maybe more location?
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingone wouldn't even open always foreclosed
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lensix ratingfour even more fun than the first
lennineteen ratingfive it is really a good game and my day is not complete if i didn't play this game!
lenfour ratingfour this game is great!
leneight ratingfour however , it does glitches whenever someone text me .
leneleven ratingfive i love it has lot of cool parts and different details
lensix ratingfour i love this game no homo.
lenfive ratingfour just hate all the ads
lensix ratingone why i cant open.this temple run2
lenseven ratingfive a lot better then the first one .
lentwo ratingfive great job !
leneleven ratingfive boss game finally temple 2 yes such a good game love it
lenseven ratingfour i am the beast at temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive super fun and addictive!
lentwentyone ratingtwo i've played this on ios, the galaxy tab, and now my note2, and the bugs on this game are incredibly obvious.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo currently, there seems to be a tendency for my runner to fly left or right when i jump sometimes, making him go off the course.
lenfourteen ratingtwo also, where it allows you to upgrade power ups for 1 gem, actually consumes two.
lentwentythree ratingtwo this game is really fun and a step up from the last, but the bugs sometimes make me just stop playing for days.
lensix ratingtwo hopefully we get a fix soon.
lenten ratingfive i loveit because its really fun and excited to me
lenthirty ratingone it won't let me play the game it force closes.for the moment it dosnt even deserve a 1 star.please fix asap i really want to play this game
lentwentynine ratingfive i love the new temple run 2 performance has gotten better barely lags & instead of getting a shield everytime you reach a lot of coins we should get a gem.
lenthirtyone ratingtwo i love the game but i bought one of the add on packs within the app and they took my money and never added on the pack of gems i bought!
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool
leneighteen ratingfive im in love with this me and my son are always trying to beat each others high score
lenthree ratingfive best phone game
leneight ratingfive this is way better than temple run original
lennine ratingtwo it's fun but it keeps stealing my coins.
lenfifteen ratingtwo everytime i play and dont buy any upgrades i still end up with less coins.
lennineteen ratingthree the grafics are improved but i wish that there was more new about this game than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics are amazing a must get
leneighteen ratingfive me and my 3, yes 3 year old are in competition with this game we both enjoy it so much!
lensix ratingfive very fun to play, excellent graphics.
lenseven ratingfive sweet game better than the first one
lenfive ratingfive this is definitely an upgrade.
lensix ratingfive i love the new cave feature.
lennine ratingfive but i wish there was other levels to complete
lenfour ratingfive very nice coder a++++
lensix ratingfive soooooooooooooooooo much better than temple run
lenseven ratingfive what a great upgrade to the original.
lenseven ratingfive temple run at great graphics and freeeee.
lentwentytwo ratingfive temple run is very fun and time consuming  and it would be cool if you could run eith or against other players!
lenfour ratingfive best game every played!
lensix ratingfour its very jerky on my stratosphere.
lentwo ratingfour awesom game!
lenfour ratingfour worth mah friggin time!
lennineteen ratingone i have about 600,000 lifetime coins but still have not completed the gold miner objective which only required 500,000 lifetime coins.
lensixteen ratingone there is a serious glitch in thus game which does not allow it acknowledge past 500,000 coins.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game they need to make a third one.
leneighteen ratingone this game is doing the preview and it won't let me tilt to collect coins or move -.-
lenfifteen ratingfive i love temple run 2 its way better then the first one.you will love it.
lenfourteen ratingfive you collect coin faster.and can upgrade your powers and your person.have fun!
lenfive ratingfive awesome sequel to the original.
lenten ratingfive it's a simple fire it up and play game.
lentwelve ratingfive the first temple run was already fantastic, this one blows everything away.
lenfour ratingfive exciting and nice quality
lensixteen ratingtwo the first time i installed temple run 2 it wouldn't allow me to play the game.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo it would just force quit before the main page, after i reinstalled the app it worked for about 3 weeks but now its back to the same old stuff.
lennine ratingfive i love this game and would tell a freind
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingone took sooo long to play
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive addicting game
leneighteen ratingfive this is a great game great graphicas and super addicting add more stuff keep up the great work.
lensixteen ratingfive so i was waiting for it to come out its awsome thanks?y.o.l.o?
lensix ratingfive soooooo much better than the first!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfour this game lags to much makes it almost unplayable.
leneight ratingfour fix lagg problem and earn one more star
lenseven ratingfive i can play this game for hours .
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenseven ratingfive a bit more difficult but really addicting.
lenten ratingfive i love this better more i love the first one .
lenfive ratingfive better than the previous version.
lenthree ratingfive smooth like butter
lenseven ratingfive i wish there was a better tutorial
lentwo ratingthree minecarts suck
lensix ratingfive incredibly addicting from the first minute.
lenfour ratingfour its fun and addictive
leneleven ratingfive this game is amazing way better than 1 .wonderwhat 3 will be like
lenseven ratingfive much more fun than the first one!
lenfifteen ratingthree this game would be awesome if it would stop doing short freezing when i play!
leneight ratingthree this always happens & its annoying, please fix this!
lenseventeen ratingfour it's is a very great game it's great  to waste time, and is very addicting.
lentwo ratingfour time killer!
lentwentyone ratingfour the game is very addictive, but once i was at level 5, the game reset itself and had to download all over.
lenfive ratingfour now on the "midas touch"
lenfourteen ratingfour quest (1,000,000 lifetime coins) and i am at 1,005,694 and the quest is still not complete.
lensixteen ratingfour not sure if others have issues with the game, but its buggy to me at times.
lenthree ratingfive good time killer
lensix ratingfive an excellent game, but even better!
lensixteen ratingfive this game is awesome graphics are phenominal game is super wicked i can't get enough!
lenfive ratingfive i want a temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive the game is great
lensix ratingfive i love the game    love it
leneleven ratingfive the only complaint i have is that this game is addicting!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingone lost all my stuff refund all my stuff i bought it sucks
leneight ratingfour it id a very fun and addicting game.
lenthirteen ratingfour after a while i got frustrated because the game got so much harder.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the only thing that bothers me really is that the invisible feature is gone and that the shield lasts for one hit.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive very fun, runs smooth too.
lenfour ratingfive loved it a lot
lenseven ratingfive this game is fun, runs smoo thly.
lenfourteen ratingfive if you tried the first temple run, you have  got to try this version.
lenseven ratingfive been playing for hours at a time.
lennine ratingfive higher quality graphics and plays great on my siii
leneleven ratingfive me and my 8 year old daughter love to play it everyday.
lenthree ratingfour high replay value
lennineteen ratingfour my only gripe is that sometimes when i swipe to turn, it doesn't turn and my game ends.
lennine ratingfour if not for that i would rate it 5 stars
lenten ratingfive great game and he jumps and runs from the monster.
lenfive ratingfive he goes straight and left.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive nice awesomeness
lennine ratingthree so i was doing nice, had a few upgrades.
lenseven ratingthree then midgame it force restarted my phone.
lenfourteen ratingthree then i couldn't play without it working and it removed all my progress.
lennine ratingfive glad they made a free #2 version of temple run :)
lennine ratingfive i love this game it is very addicting too!;-)
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun and addicting.
lentwo ratingfive arif aiman
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i absoluetly love this app but i have a problem thatbi have over 1 milion meters but it says that i don't have thatgoal done even thou the bar is  filled the whole way.
lennine ratingtwo why this game is not compatible with my phone.?
lentwelve ratingone i have a samsung infuse,  and the application will not even open
lenfour ratingfive it rocks really fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive one of the best ways to pass time
lennine ratingfive nice graphic on dis second games & i like it
lentwo ratingfour superb graphics.
lentwelve ratingfour but is there any way i can rotate the screen and play?
lenthree ratingfive pretty cool graphics!
leneleven ratingfive more depth in the game, making it a bit more realistic
lenfour ratingfive this game is fun.
lensix ratingfive very great, i love this game!
lennine ratingfour wish there were more maps though.would be 5 stars.
lenthree ratingfour great game otherwise
leneleven ratingtwo not as good too slow not as fun as the first
lenten ratingfour you should make a setting that allows to change sensitivity.
leneleven ratingfour i find it not sensitive enough when i tilt my phone
lensix ratingone it takes forever to download ccc
lenseven ratingfive i love it! <3 xd b-) o:-) :-p :-$ :) =) ;)
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lenthree ratingfive love gua d 444 game
lenthree ratingfive addiction.loving it.
lennine ratingfive its really addictive and fun! ;p @thatgirl_kimmy |instagram|
lenseven ratingone will not open on my lg thrill.
lenfifteen ratingone it is alot better than the first definitely still needs some glitches worked out though
lennine ratingfive you should try this its out of this world
lenfive ratingfive it's wonderful n exciting
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenfifteen ratingfive it runs smooth really fun to play when im bored at school and what not.
lentwo ratingfive great job
lenfour ratingfive recommended game for everyone
lensix ratingfive game gets easier as it progresses
lenthirteen ratingfour never sleep without playing this game and a good game for time passing
lenfourteen ratingfive lov it if  u don't download it u mia (aka) missing in action
lennine ratingthree omg i love t his game totally gets 5 stars
lentwentythree ratingfive its awesome and magnificient game.its fun but player cant played with joking.its need a focus and not suitable for dumb player
lennine ratingthree it makes me play with my phone upside down.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfive love temple run 2 !
lenthree ratingfive such fun time
leneleven ratingfive this game is really good i always play the game everyday
leneleven ratingfour they fixed the puzzle problem where the game was a puzzle
leneleven ratingtwo okay i barely downloaded it and it doesnt let me play.
leneleven ratingtwo it opens the app then it freezes and closes back out.
lenten ratingtwo please fix this i am trying to play temple run 2!
lenthree ratingfive really excellent excellent.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfour great app!
lenfour ratingfive love to play it!
lenfifteen ratingfour great game on samsung note though i wish i could play it on windows 8 surface.
lentwentysix ratingone i gave it a 5 but it quit working on lg intuition i have tried erasing turning phone off and reinstalling so i am changing to a 1.
lentwentysix ratingone will not let me use my save the menu etc. nothing on the screen works once you die must restart way later because it stays stuck.
lenfive ratingfive superb and work excellent on s3
leneight ratingthree ion like how it freezes on my milestone.
leneleven ratingfive graphic  have to be ten times better than the first version.
lenfive ratingfive fun and easy to play
lenthree ratingfive loads of entertainment !
leneleven ratingfive perfect game to past the time with simple yet hard perfect!
lenfive ratingfive great game to pass time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo awesome game but it randomly kicks me out when im in the best part.
lenfive ratingfive really a very nice game.
lenfive ratingfour really good game.must download.
lennine ratingfive i've played it before its off the charts!
lenten ratingfive im better then you so stick your head in doodoo
lennine ratingfive this is my favorite game i love temple run
lenseventeen ratingone it won't even open anymore i haven't been able to play it in one week
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lennine ratingfive one of the best game i have ever played.
lentwenty ratingone y doesnt it work of samsung galaxy y? i like dis game but i cant run it in my phn.
leneight ratingfive its the coolest game i have ever played
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
leneight ratingtwo coins keep disappearing after i get 3000 or so.
lenseven ratingtwo can't buy anymore upgrades without them.
leneleven ratingtwo seriously aggrav  ating since it's happened five or six times.
lennine ratingtwo any chance i can get those nonspent disappearing coins?
lenfifteen ratingfour it takes my free time from me but that what i enjoy about this game
lenseven ratingfour great game to compete with your friends.
lenfourteen ratingfour sometimes it is irritating to find a double obstacle too close to each other.
lensix ratingfour it looks impossible to pass them.
lenfive ratingfour excellent game, really like it
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is much more of a challenge than the first amd a great game
lennine ratingfive it's a lot better then the first one.
lennine ratingfive it's more challenging and the graphics are cooler
lenthree ratingone this game suck
lensix ratingone the game is laggy as hell.
lenfifteen ratingone it often doesn't register my swipes and the tilt needs to be more sensitive.
lenseven ratingone update these and ill give it 5 stars.
lenten ratingfive this game is best in the world.i love it
lensix ratingfive someone makes all this for free
leneleven ratingfive since i've downloaded this game, my life has fallen apart.
lenseventeen ratingfive my grades have dropped, dishes haven't been getting done, and my social life has decrease significantly.
lennine ratingfive this game is very addictive, you've been warned.
lenseven ratingfive i can't put down my phone.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfive better and faster than older 1
lentwelve ratingthree about to complete 500000 coins but the green bar is not filling up.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it much better than the first <3im addicted to it can never get bored
leneight ratingfive best game in google market """""""''' i;like this!
lennineteen ratingfour very good lot of fun i am giving 4 star because some times touch doesn't work plz repair it
lentwo ratingfive cannn'tt .
lenfive ratingfour fun game, menu is different.
lenthree ratingfour but overall better
lennine ratingfive i really enjoy playing this on my free time.
lensix ratingfive its really fun and its free.
leneight ratingfive grafik nmpk untuk,mesti masa main lgi hbt!
lenseven ratingfive very entertaining game recommend it to anyone.
lenseven ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only!
lenthirtysix ratingone displays imangi studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)!
lenseven ratingone this game will not load     wont play
lentwentyfive ratingfour graphics are better n i love d option of adjusting d graphics but d game is a little confusing but better than the last one.
lentwo ratingtwo freezes alot/:
lentwentytwo ratingthree this is a fun game but i have to keep reinstalling it because it stops working i am not reinstalling it again.
lenfourteen ratingfour this is a great game but kinda lags if not would give it 5 stars
lennine ratingfive playing hours of it so i barely get sleep.
lennine ratingtwo it has some minor improvements over the first one.
leneighteen ratingtwo having played temple run brave, i have to say brave is a far better and more fun game.
lentwenty ratingtwo with all the knock offs of this game and all that has been done i had expected a little more
lenseven ratingfive the best app i hve ever played .
lenthree ratingfive grt time pass.
lenthree ratingfive love it hooooooooo
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfive ratingfive perfect break during the semester!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lentwenty ratingone i bought 50k coins for 4.99 50,000 coin pack (temple run 2)us$4.99  i got a confirmation of thank you for my prchase but!
lentwenty ratingone there areno coins showing on the applications.that's just not right.when do i expect to have my coins?
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive fixed problems!.it is a great game but there are some serious game ruining bugs.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive first off, the coin doubler doesn't work, and game crashes on high runs (10k+ distance) and doesn't count it, but still takes any gems that you used, and coins from boost.
leneight ratingfive other than that pretty solid, much better than tr1.
leneight ratingfive i like this so when 3 going to happen
lensixteen ratingfour while running on slopes you cant calculate the powerups distance   allover good game you must download
lenthree ratingfive fun and exciting
lenthirteen ratingtwo im still getting force close before i can even get into the game.
lenten ratingtwo i have a samsun infuse and this is bugging mee.
lentwo ratingfive super fun!
lentwelve ratingfive i played this game around 20000 times ans still wants to play again.
lenfive ratingfive my high score is 15 million.
lentwentyone ratingone im still downloading and un-installing to see if its just not updating but its the same problem i had before! :( :( :(
lensix ratingfive game is simply awesome and addicting
lenfourteen ratingone unable to play this game because it force closes on the first loading screen!
lentwentyseven ratingfour i like the game but i have to uncle install it and install it twice already on my galaxy 2.fix this problem and it will bet a 5.
lentwelve ratingfour but kinda gets boring when your next three objectives are 1million meters etc
lenfifteen ratingone the game has itself gone into 'tutorial' mode and now running in that mode only.
lentwelve ratingone whenever i try to switch off the tutorial mode the game hangs.
lennine ratingone i have lost everything i earned in the game.
lenfifteen ratingone initially it was working fine and i played the game for more than two weeks.
lentwelve ratingone amazing gameplay but this bug has forced me to rate it down.
lensix ratingone why do the coins continually disappear?
lenfifteen ratingone kept thinking we were accidentally buying things but they were just gone from our totals.
lentwelve ratingone two phones, same issue, many others doing the same, very very frustrating.
lenfortysix ratingone i was super excited about temple run 2 but when i downloaded it the app doesn't go past the first initial load screen its just shuts off with no force close box or anything so when this bug gets fixed i will gladly rate this 5 stars
lenseventeen ratingone it used to be fast and run great but now all the updates have messed it up.
lenseven ratingone i hate when it loses my progress.
lenseven ratingfive wonderful game five star to be rated
lenfive ratingfive this game is very additive
lenthree ratingfive very great game.
leneight ratingfive the best way to pass the time away.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
lennine ratingfive it become addicted when try to beat a highscore!
lenfour ratingfour better and more stuff
lenfourteen ratingfive smooth 3d graphics, and simply the best game i've played on my s2 so far.
lenthree ratingfive totally loving it.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseventeen ratingfive i love da game bruhh i consider it if you are bored and need something to doo :)
lennine ratingthree veru frustrating when i lose because the game lags.
lennine ratingfive love this game.so much funner than first one
lenseven ratingfive i play this game to pass time.
lentwentyeight ratingfive my only problem is that sometimes it lags on my htc thunderbolt and doesn't register a move, but that might be more the fault of my phone.
lenfive ratingfive still can't stop playing!
lennine ratingfive fun filled and less monotonous then the previous version .
lenfour ratingfour temple run is better.
lenthree ratingtwo poor android optimization.
lenfour ratingtwo and just more complicated.
leneight ratingfour one of the objectives just stopped working suddenly.
lensix ratingfour it's the 500k lifetime metres one.
lenfour ratingfive very interactive and addicting
lenseventeen ratingfive i didn't think they really had much to improve on the last one, i was wrong.
lenten ratingfive better in every way, one of the best free games
lennineteen ratingfour it's okay it freezes up to much a and has a few problems but i still like it.
lentwo ratingfive cool guy
lentwentyfour ratingone great game i've played it before on a galaxy s epic however it loads up to the imangi studios page and then crashes!
lenthirteen ratingfive one of d best game at android platform.much better then temple run-1
lenseventeen ratingfive oh miiiiii f****** god so much bettah then the first and i have to agree with corri.
lentwo ratingfive oh oh
leneighteen ratingfive cool graphics just like i climb top of the mountain then i run as fast as i can.
lennine ratingfive however, they are many obstacles and challenges all stages
lensix ratingfive superbbbb.can't stop playing this
lenfive ratingfive its  a mind refreshing game.
lennine ratingfive it allow the adranaline too take up the action
leneleven ratingthree stuck on gold miner objective even though i have over 500k coins.
lentwo ratingfour better graphics.
lenthree ratingfive 100% addictive download it!
lenthree ratingfive wo uhhhhhhwoowwhhhhh wooooowie.!
lensix ratingfive gr8 game man.keep updating.cool graphics.
lenfour ratingfive good game and awesome
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i had to switch to a different android device because my phone broke i purchase the double coin on that phone but its not on my tablet.
lennine ratingtwo i click to reactivate but all it says is "
lenfourteen ratingtwo at least give me my  money back or fix the double coin for me.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree need facebook integration as in subway surf where we can compete with our friends, and for the powerup, if we are taking another powerup of the same kind we have currently it does not extends the duration.
lensix ratingthree simply means it has no value.
lenfour ratingthree and finally level 8 sucks.
lenseven ratingthree stuck in there for long time now.
lensix ratingfive still pc is better for gaming
leneight ratingfive me and my friends always played with it.
lenfour ratingfive love it.,! great job.
leneight ratingfive i love the zip lining and the cart!
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting
lenfourteen ratingone stupid game, looks nice but the actual game is simple, boring, inaccurate and stupid.
lensixteen ratingone tilting the screen is  never good for a mobile game, you dont see whats coming next!
lentwo ratingfive yo awesem
leneight ratingfive a must download game for temple run fans
leneight ratingfour great new addition to the temple run series!
lentwentythree ratingfour the additional in-game boosts, rope swing and mine carts give the game a fresh new flavor with the same great game mechanics.
leneleven ratingfour great game, but it lags a bit in galaxy s3.otherwise 5 stars
lenten ratingfive love it just like i did number one, but more.
lentwentyone ratingfive u must download this game.i can't play it that good yet but my grandson is real good at it!
leneight ratingfive ** this is a bad azz game, part 1 n 2.
lenseven ratingone won't open on acer liquid e
lenfour ratingfive good to kill time
lenfive ratingfive this is spectacular game series
lenfifteen ratingone temple run 1 is far far better than this,, apart the train track nothing interest me!
lenseventeen ratingone poor graphics, color selection with display (every where goldy yellow, can't diff between coins and floor).
lenseven ratingfive a lot of added features:)  really addictive
lensixteen ratingone i've download this game, but it going force closed suddenly after showing imangi studio logo.
lensix ratingone i used dell streak with android 2.2
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is goood
lentwo ratingfive super smooth.
lenfive ratingfive i sooooo love this game!
lenfourteen ratingone i have paid thrice for the coin packs and havent received credit at all.
lensix ratingone #temple run is a #rip off
lenfive ratingfive gr8 game to spend time with
lenfiftysix ratingone as people are giving 5 stars seems that devloper is unaware of the issues as after almost a month of tr2 still it is not solved   bugs:-coin magnet or any other power up does not work twice a duration as it used to work in temple run 1 & tilt sensitivity is not at all up to mark as tr1.
lensix ratingfive really really fun and addicting game!
lensixteen ratingone the game was awesome before the latest update but after the update it has become awful.
lenfourteen ratingone make the game as it was before the update and will give you 5 stars :/
lenseven ratingone the link was showing an download error.
lentwelve ratingfive it's just a great app to get so get it guys.
lenthree ratingfive the android game.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is brilliant it is much better then i though it would be.
lenthirtythree ratingfive but i noticed as i purchased double coins it won't let me enable it or download it at all i noticed it only happens for my android phone please fix thank you.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive mad fun and addictive
leneight ratingfive love this game :) the graphic is so beautiful.
lenthree ratingfour needed better response.
leneighteen ratingfour my ipad temple run is much better than in android. .but still an nice one 2 hang out with .
lenseven ratingfive nice games more attractive than temple run 1.
lenten ratingone is stuck on first screen 'imangi studios' htc desire c
lennine ratingfour improved graphics but not as enjoyable as temple run 1
lentwentyseven ratingtwo so i dowload the game on my lg optimus 3d and it won't even let me play it just show me the beginning screen and cuts out.
lensix ratingtwo please fix would love to play
lenfifteen ratingfive reay really fun like the new graphics and all awesome overall environment of the game!
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
leneleven ratingfive it leads you to so many levels of non stop action.
lentwelve ratingfive when you happen to lose you become glued into wanting to win.
lentwo ratingfive great game! :-)
lenthree ratingfive great addicting game!
lenten ratingfive awesome graphics  very addictive love it awesome game runs smooth
lenfour ratingfive really fun and addictive
leneleven ratingfive better than the previous one must be downloaded by game lovers
lennineteen ratingone it now only stays on the first screen but does not force close or exit out it just stays .
lentwentyone ratingone im really looking forward to play this i've tryed several times before i quit trying for awile but i so.
lenthirteen ratingone i have good faith that this could be my only game for me
lenthree ratingfive another game 2 beat
lentwo ratingfive addictive game
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it.
lennine ratingfive i love this game and my highest score is 7759492.
lensix ratingfive just wonderful,  thanks for invent it.
lenseven ratingfive cool game get it i recamend it
lentwo ratingfive greaaaaaaaaaaaaat gameeeeee
leneight ratingone every time i try it just doesnt open.
leneleven ratingone after i install when i try to play .it force closes
lenthirtyone ratingfour 4 stars coz i have completed my gold miner objective of collecting 500,000 coins but its still not showing completed and i am stuck there coz i am not getting any new objective.
lentwelve ratingfour fix it asap or else no point of playing it any furthur.
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1 .
lensixteen ratingfour it'll be better if this game have some temple run brave features  galaxy ace plus
lentwo ratingtwo thik hai
lentwelve ratingone everytime i open closes automatic help me and you've get 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive great game better then 1
lentwo ratingfive paisa vasul
lentwelve ratingthree although.the shield powerup sucks.replace it w/ invinsibility and get 5 stars!
lenseven ratingfive i can't stop playing this game.
lensix ratingfive every objective represents a new challenge.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive absolutely nice game
lensixteen ratingfour its very nice game thn the previous one.good graphics good feature n really excited game.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive!
lentwo ratingfour definitely recommended!
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game
lentwo ratingfour osm graphics
lenfifteen ratingfour more challenges.more addiction.this is simply a much more addictive version than the first
lentwo ratingfive intersting games.
lenfour ratingfive now my score 1,9 mil .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game 5+
lenfour ratingfive the features are awesome !
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are fantastic !
lenfive ratingfive super gra jeszcze lepsza ni?
leneleven ratingfive gr8 graphics.love the new twists in the game.5 stars from me
lenfive ratingfive very nice n entertaining game.
lentwo ratingfive bangla bagusssssssszzz
lenseven ratingfive very good game to spare my boredome
lenfour ratingfive and easy to play
lentwentytwo ratingfour it is great and ur works perfectly well with my xperia p. hoping to see a newer one so u can play
lentwelve ratingthree nice but my collected coins automatically becomes 0 after some rounds of play.
lennine ratingfive i have always enjoyed playing the original temple run.
lensix ratingfive i would really recommend this game!
lensix ratingone closes itself whenever i open it
lensix ratingfive much more addictive than first one.
lentwo ratingfive great visuals
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lennine ratingthree it's hard but i'am dwonloaded temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour the game play and graphics are great!
lenthree ratingfive totally enjoying it!
lenfour ratingfive great graphic and performance!
lenthree ratingfive amazing and exciting
lenthree ratingfive awesome dude awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive its an awesome game in 3d i love this game
lenthree ratingfive very nice & gud
leneight ratingfive great game.can be addictive.love it x
lenthirteen ratingfour unfortunately, you tend to pose your coins if leave at the wrong moment.
lentwelve ratingfour much better than the other endless running games currently in the market.
lenthirteen ratingfive don't start unless you've got at least an hour to spare!
lenten ratingfive great sequel just introduce a powerup to slow things off
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive deffo better than the first.
lenthirteen ratingfive good graphic .keep it up.but its make u abit of kongfusion lol
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive real fun especially when the person swings from the rope to the platform
leneight ratingfour my favorite game,nice graphics and verry responsive.
lentwentysix ratingfour only thing i don't like is that sometimes when jumping at the edge of the road i fall down.fix and i will rate 5 stars
lenfourteen ratingtwo please have some update to change the volume music and graphics settings for xperia!
leneight ratingtwo ill give you 5 star if that so :d
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive graphics are excellent,great work.
lentwo ratingfive love imanji
lensix ratingone it's a crap in samsung.
leneleven ratingfive a game which must be tried out,too good,thank you
leneleven ratingthree i like this app but i more like temple run only!
lentwo ratingfive tempal run
lenten ratingfive no doubt this is the best game on play store.
lensix ratingfive great graphics with minimum performance lag
lenthree ratingfive good challenge game
leneight ratingfive an excellent game i had never seen yet.
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much.
lenseven ratingfive i like the actions in this game.
lenfive ratingfour game is just so awesome.
leneight ratingfour but lags too much on my xperia neo.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game is so addicting.
lentwo ratingfive superb game.!
leneight ratingfive fun game to keep you on your toes.
lenseven ratingfive the link was showing an download error.
leneight ratingfive much more fun than the first temple run!
lenseventeen ratingthree fix the objective 500,000 lifetme coins  because my coins; is over 520,000 lifetime coins pls fix the bug thanks:-)
lenseven ratingfive i just cant stop playing temple run!
lenseven ratingfive very addictive game made it up to 2, 000, 000 :)
lenfour ratingfive better game to experience.
leneight ratingfive love playing the game with graphics on ultra
lennine ratingfive awesome graphics , awesome sound , treasure , bigg monkey , finally 2 .awesome .
lenfive ratingfive nice game,i lv it
leneight ratingfive too good graphics plus stress buster as well.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenthirteen ratingfour i completed 500000 lifetime coins task, still objectives show that the task is incomplete.
lentwelve ratingfour i now have more than 700000 lifetime coins but task is still incomplete.
lentwentysix ratingfour this nice better than the first one but it is not easy play its more hard but it has a better gameplay :-)  i realy like it
lenfive ratingfive very intresting i like dis
lensix ratingfour needs improvement but good time pass
leneleven ratingfive load it up and you  can play it all day long.
lenseven ratingfive best game i have on my phone
lenthree ratingfour not bad game
lennine ratingfive orang tu lari laju sangat, sampai saya kalah jer.
lenfive ratingfive pas tu lama2x oklah pandai da!
lenthree ratingone god damm lag.
leneleven ratingone swipe phone to turn but instead i went to bang wall
lenfour ratingthree the game is awesome.
leneleven ratingthree bt d motion sensor is nt gud compared to other phones.
lensix ratingthree motion works bst in temple run 1.
lenfive ratingthree bt in 2 itz too slow.
lenseven ratingthree dono y bt plz chek it out.
lennine ratingfive contains all the attracting features needed for a game .
lenthree ratingfive gud graphics also .
lenthree ratingfive altogether gud one :)
lenfive ratingfive it is way more fun.
lentwo ratingfive five stars
leneight ratingfive they added curves and buildings and even waterfalls!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfour not bad, but, whem does it end?
leneleven ratingthree cool,amazing but still less interesting ar compared to temple run.!
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentynine ratingfive i love this game so much im so glad it came out because i was playing on my sister phone and it was a.w.s.o.m.e
lenfifteen ratingfour i already achieved more than 500000 life time gold and yet the objective is not completed.
lenseven ratingfour there's this temple and you run.
lennine ratingfour i wonder if the guy dies in this one?
lennine ratingfour i wonder who theyll get to play the guy.
lennine ratingfour maybe the guy from mario could be the guy.
lenfour ratingfive awesome graphics and gameplay.
lentwentyone ratingfour i love the graphics wnd the scene, but on my ipod, its really slow to load and some times it crashes.
lentwelve ratingfour and most of the time it glitches out even when ur playing!
lenfourteen ratingfour it really gets annoying but it would be really fun if it was faster.
lenten ratingfive well its way better than the one on my ipod
lensix ratingfive love the game its the best :-) !
lenthirteen ratingone dus not let me open it and doesnt let me play pleasee fix!
leneight ratingone i luv this game but cant gt itt
lentwo ratingfive super fun
lenfive ratingfive good inputs in the sequel
lentwentythree ratingfour i an in love with this game its so fun but i got up this morning and it wasn't working downloading again
lentwentyfive ratingfive one major thing thank you for making this game free coz if it was not i would have to download it trough blackmart thanks again
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome better than temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive just time killing.
lenten ratingfive and it won't hang also, just an easy play.<3
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenthree ratingfour good time killer
lensix ratingfive they managed to improve every aspect.
lensix ratingfive even the achievements is cooler now.
lensix ratingfive makes you wanna play every time
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i love the game,  but the only draw back is when you trip, the monkey is so big that you can't see your person and that takes away from the play.
lentwentytwo ratingfour some times the game skips and it causes you to hit a wall,  fix these problems and this is a 5 star game?
lensix ratingfour its a kool game to play
lenten ratingthree it's okay but i just really prefer temple run.
leneight ratingfive very nice to look at, and to play.
leneight ratingone the app on downloading says "package file invalid"
lenfive ratingone pls look into the matter.
lensix ratingfive it's great i love it!
lenseven ratingfive the game goes well in android too !
lentwo ratingfive verry addicting.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like it better cause the movement pick up better and make it more professional.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.!
lenfour ratingfive full too adventure wala.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful game
lenseven ratingfive nice game better than the last one
lenseven ratingthree it glitches alot on my samsung stratosphere
lenfourteen ratingfour i already collect 500k gold but the objective for gold miner is still on pending.
lenseven ratingfive soo good,, more fluid than first one.
leneight ratingfive awesome and worth trying to everyone nd deserves 5*.
lenfour ratingfive benar benar mengagumkan, amazing.!
lenseventeen ratingone cant open on samsaung galaxy tab 1000 it will noy push thru it freezes and then close it
lentwo ratingfive templerun 2 gud
lentwo ratingfive grt game.
lenthree ratingfive excellent game no 1
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i really like this game, but it always freezes and won't let me go to my homescreen or anything so i have to the battery out.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lennine ratingfive it's way better than the last temple run!
lenthree ratingfive great quality too!
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game <3 this is one of the most interesting game i have ever known :x tks!
lensix ratingfive this game is a great game.
leneight ratingfive my favourite addition is the leveling up system.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game.better than previous .!
leneight ratingthree i bought 50k coins but i font get it.
lenfive ratingfive even better than temple run!
lenseven ratingone i cant download it plz help me
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingone i have tried to install this app several times unsuccessfully.
lentwelve ratingone i love the first version and never had a problem with it.
lensix ratingone then i will change my review.
lenfive ratingfour i have bought coin doubler.
lenfourteen ratingfour after updated my phone and i installed temple run 2,  i cant used that function.
lenthirteen ratingfive i really don't try to download game buy this one is great
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lentwo ratingfive amazingly cool
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingone game is cool.
lentwelve ratingone most devastrating thing - i see 2400 coins and after next game it's 400.
lenten ratingone am not able to take upgrades because of this glitch.
lenfourteen ratingone or it is programmed to reset count of coins after 'n' number of games ?
leneight ratingfive the temple run is very very very good.
lenseven ratingfive very good app excellent graphics & very fast
lenfifteen ratingfour it was hossam but we people need more challenge in this game.i play daily .
leneighteen ratingfour it is a good game but can't turn off all sound even when selected off in menu.
leneleven ratingfive the bug fix was good and i can finally play it!
leneight ratingfive thx also good graphics and awesome game play!
lentwelve ratingone i would give it less than 1 star but that option was unavailable
lennine ratingfive i have nothing to say more than "thank you"!
lenfour ratingfive love it.so addictive
lenseven ratingfive makes the angry birds look like pong!
lentwelve ratingtwo this game cannot play with this model gt-p1010 plss fix this model
lensix ratingfive great game even better then previous
leneight ratingfive graphics is great,the tunnel part is amusing.
leneleven ratingfive really like this game.keeps me busy passing the time away.
lenthree ratingfour good solid fun.
lenten ratingfour hasnt crashed on me yet and has good replay value.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingthree de objective sayin collect 5 lakh life time coins shows incomplete!
lenthree ratingthree i hate dis.
lenfive ratingthree al othr things is perfect!
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the graphics and the music, and the new cave sub-levels.
lenthirteen ratingone i am using i9000 gingerbread stock 2.3.6 and it's impossible to play temple run.
lensixteen ratingone disappointed as i have 1ghz processes and same game works good on my ipod touch with is 600mhz.
lenseven ratingone that's the reason for poor raring
leneleven ratingfour exciting and a good game.but not as gripping as temple run1
lennine ratingfive i always play this game after back from school.
leneight ratingfive more adventurous and interesting than the previous one.
lenfifteen ratingfour best addictive game i have ever seen lacking in characters n i would give 5 star
lenfour ratingfive thizz game izz awesum .
lentwo ratingfive seru abis
lenthree ratingfive wow its amazing,,,,,,,,,
lenfive ratingfive more features than the first
lennineteen ratingtwo thought the latest update would fix the problem, but still stuck on loading screen when i open the app.
lenseventeen ratingtwo really looks like a great game, is this samsung's way to force infuse owners to upgrade?
leneight ratingfive exellent game awesome graphics wonderful powerups highly addictive
lenfour ratingfive nice game play it
lenthirtyone ratingfive excellent game the best app ever i found it laggy on  ios but on android its fine i loved the first one aswell and always hoped a new one would come.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run brave was terrible it wasn't made by the same produces as this.
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is quite addictive but the background is kinda complicated which makes us hard to see.
lenfour ratingfour anyway overall, not bad
leneleven ratingfour it lags a little every few games, but it's enjoyable.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingfive never really like phone games till this one!
lensix ratingfive good job done by  development team !
lentwelve ratingfive i think this one is a lot better than previous temple run.
lenfive ratingfive very fun and addictive game.
lenfour ratingfive love the new layout.
lenfour ratingone reset three times already
lenfive ratingfour good game i ever played.
lenten ratingfour but the shadow always in left side of the runer. :)
lentwelve ratingfive please add a option to enable/disable power ups like previous one.
lenthirteen ratingfive otherwise  the game is great, nice graphics and runs so smooth like butter.
lenthree ratingfive great work guys.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
leneleven ratingthree i like this app but i more like temple run only!
lenthirteen ratingfive i really enjoying this game and it really increases our accuracy with fast
lenthree ratingfive too cool app
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive better than the older version!
lensixteen ratingfive better in  cave and i love the rope that you swing on, the graphics are perfect !
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run is the best u need to do it u no u need it
lenfive ratingfive takes a lot of time
lenthirtyone ratingfour it could be so much better in so many ways but its well adictitve and a really fun game best thing its free so i think its a must have game :)
lenthirtyfour ratingthree the game's awesome.it lags big time compared to s3 and other android phones.the touch sensitivity is also not that good.waiting for the bug fix.plz do it as soon as possible
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenfourteen ratingthree only downside is that it takes so much effort to lean side to side.
leneight ratingthree you really have to over exaggerate the lean.
leneighteen ratingfour if you get the same power up in a row it only lasts as long as the first.
lenfive ratingfour like 2 coin magnets and such.
lensixteen ratingfive fix picture of black guy when he dies, look like a fat guy on death picture.
lentwentythree ratingfour the graphics are good and the new features are cool but there are not enough enviromental turns and features  per a given distance
lenten ratingthree a bit more challenging than the first but still fun
lensix ratingthree temple run1 is nicer than this game
lenfive ratingfive nice game m really enjoying.
leneight ratingfive excellent game that is highly addictive to play
lennine ratingfive great game but wish brave is free on.android
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentytwo ratingfive that's about it, fun as hell to play and microtransactions are unnecessary, so they don't take away from the experience.
lentwelve ratingfive in the area of time-killers, temple run 2 can't be beat.
lensix ratingone why i cannot download this game.
lenthirteen ratingone i'm trying to download this game 3times, but it's stop download at 92%.
leneight ratingone pls tell me how to download full game.?
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingthree plays choppy on  nexus
lenthirty ratingfive its thrill to feel when a monster is runing behind you and you are trying to get rid of it through your endless efforts (running).great application.go for it.
lentwelve ratingfive (brony over here sorry.) this game should get a million hooves up! ! !
lenfifteen ratingfive runs smoothly and practically no wait for the hadn't to start.defently worth downloading :)
lennine ratingone this app sucks its always freezing on my galaxy s3
lentwelve ratingfive when u click it it never comes out on my phone sk 4g.
lentwo ratingfive awsme gme.
lenthree ratingfour vary good.game
lenfive ratingfive keep up guys, awesome indeed
lenthree ratingfive tons of fun. :)
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lenfour ratingfive fast but great graphics!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!
lenthree ratingfour love the game.
lenfortyone ratingfour but sometimes it seems to almost lag which is horrible for such a fast paced game because when it does so, i always trip over something, die, fall off a cliff, or it doesn't respond when i make a move.
leneight ratingfour d:  but besides that i love this game.
lenfive ratingfour and its still incredibly addictive.(:
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive thoroughly enjoy
leneleven ratingfive have to play before i go to bed every single night! !
lensix ratingfive its good to play and fun
lentwentyseven ratingfive the game is freaking awesome, but the latest update causes it to lag frequently and it occasionally freezes when i get out of it and enter again.
lenfour ratingfive overall, great game, though.
lenten ratingone when i start to play it didnt save,its stupid!
lenfifteen ratingone i really want to play this game but never has it opened for my phone.
lensixteen ratingone constant force cposes have prevented my chances to play and this isn't my first report.
lensix ratingfive very good game with good future
lenten ratingfive i have everything unlocked, you guys should add more things.
lentwenty ratingfive i love this game i am so glad they fixed all the bugs in the game :p i love the 5ft.
lentwo ratingfive skull monkey.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is the most awsome game in the world
lenseven ratingfive this is an awesum game love it.
lenten ratingone my whole game and progress resets when my phone dies.
lenfour ratingone please fix  -htc thunderboth
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive it never closes and really fun to play.
lenseven ratingfour you can barely swing to get coins.
lenfour ratingfour needs a lil oomph.
lensix ratingfour after u have played and played.
lenten ratingthree why do i lose gold when i really gained it?!
leneight ratingfive fun, addictive & challenging, but lacking an online leaderboard.
lenfour ratingfour good time , very addictive
leneight ratingfive i love it it pass time get it
lenthirteen ratingfour is a great game, and the obvectives are a real challenge to complete
lenten ratingfive better than the last i play this all the time!
lensixteen ratingthree i love this version.however, at level 8 one of the objectives is to accumulate 500,000 lifetime coins.
lenfour ratingfive love it so fun
lenfive ratingfive this game is all mine.
leneight ratingfive it's to awesome for u to handle!  ;-)
lentwelve ratingfive i play alot of games, but this one is the most relaxing.
leneight ratingfive i love this game bater then the 1 one
lenfive ratingfour one of the better games.
lenseven ratingfive omg i lovethi s game siooooooooo much wooooo
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive actually fun!
lenthirty ratingthree the game is pretty fun but it always lags at almost every single obsticle causing me to lose also it exits out of the game often 3 stars that is all
lenfour ratingfive excellent game the best
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenten ratingone it really is a downer compared to the first one.
lenthree ratingfour this games  rocks
lenfourteen ratingfour it shuts it self down and makes me redownload it other than that ok
lentwo ratingfive completely addicting!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenseven ratingtwo dont want to work on my phone
lensix ratingtwo good game but full of bugs.
lenfive ratingtwo sometimes you trip over nothing.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo when you get the boost power it will bug out and make you crash into something or run off a cliff in the middle of a power up.
leneleven ratingtwo lastly when you jump it sometime flings you off a cliff.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lennine ratingone twists and turns don't make it any better
lenthirteen ratingthree i like the graphics and everything but coins keep disappearing from my bank.
lentwentyone ratingthree at my last count i should have 20,221 (and i subtracted the amount i spent on upgrades) but i only have 1,721 coins.
lentwentytwo ratingthree plus, how do you unlock 2 upgrades, because i am pretty sure i did that already but it's still in my objectives.
leneight ratingfour i really enjoy the upgrades over the original.
lensixteen ratingfour maybe i didn't notice but now there are clear advantages to buying the other characters.
lentwentyseven ratingfour the addition of the curves, hills, spinning death wheels, rivers, ziplines, and mine carts really add to the experience and create a better more challenging game overall.
lentwentynine ratingfour the only thing that has changed that i dislike about this game compared to the original is that the only accomplishments that can be fulfilled are the ones showing.
lensix ratingfour had to run spartan run twice
lenseventeen ratingfive impressed with the new stuff that they put into this game it's so much better now.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyfive ratingfive he game is very good but there is a glitch where i'd be running then all the sudden i'll fall through the ground
lenseven ratingfour good fun and update on the original
lensix ratingfive much better from the first game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingone i dont lile it haha deal with it
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenten ratingfour the let else hike a but sharply so patience needed.
leneight ratingfive i think it is fantastic and very addicting
lenfour ratingfive .great game.enuff said
lenfifteen ratingone i have tried this app 5 times and it will not play on my phone j
lenthree ratingfive really fun game
leneleven ratingone needs more tutorials and is much more difficult than the original.
lenfive ratingone tried to hard on graphics
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfour loads of fun.great work
lenthirteen ratingfour i try to play it but the game just closes out on me.
lenfour ratingfive awsomer than temple run
lentwentyone ratingone tr2 crashes and freezes my galaxy s2x and i have to pull the battery to restart the phone and resume the fun stuff
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lennineteen ratingfour i like temple run my dad , i guess likes playing the app i think it's a great game.
lennine ratingfour plus i like the upgrades it's goood game!
lenthirtyone ratingone i seriously dont like this game at all, the graphics suck amd they just tried to hard to top the first, i love the first one but i hate this one
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 because it is very fun. :)
lentwentythree ratingthree its fun but like after a week avg said that this game had a malware byt i still havnt,unistall plz fix and 5stars
lenten ratingfive it is fun and it is like a real adventure
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfour its pretty good but the original is better
lenseven ratingfive it's graphics  are off ?the hook!
leneight ratingfive im even more addictated then the first one
lennine ratingfive no glitches and smooth to play on my phone
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it
leneight ratingfive it is a lot better than the first 1
lennineteen ratingone whenever i open this app up it stays on the first screen that pops up that says imangi studios.
lenten ratingone i have tried for a few weeks installing and uninstalling.
lenten ratingone this is very disapointing i wish it could get fixed.
lennineteen ratingfive it is humerus and non stop fun it can get annoying if you die and have a high score
lenseven ratingfive awesome new features better then the first
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive this game is awsome i love it!
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lenseven ratingfive i am totally addictied to this game.
lenten ratingfive graphics are better less lag when starting and more traps
lenthirteen ratingone downloaded it twice on sony tipo and doesn't seem to work :( dissapointed
lenthirtyseven ratingthree temple run 2 is a great game but it only works on my phone for like 20 mins and then it freezes and i have to uninstall it and reinstall it ive done that about 5 times now please fix!
lenfour ratingone i loved this game.
leneleven ratingone broke 10 million points and had tons of upgrades and over 80 gems.
lenten ratingone then i just went to play and everything was gone.
lenfive ratingone it completely started me over.
leneight ratingone all my scores, upgrades and everything are gone.
lenfourteen ratingone probably going to get uninstalled because i don't want to re do everything.
lentwelve ratingfour its pretty good is that it takes a long time to load
lenfive ratingtwo i have a samsung sidekick.
lensix ratingtwo sure it's a great game.
leneleven ratingtwo (still not working after update. would love to play this game)
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwentytwo ratingfive on this device temple run was really glichy but temple run 2 is soo addictive and the best game of all time! :d
lentwentyone ratingthree i just can't comprehend how this game lags on my galaxy s3 with the graphics meter turned all the way down.
lenseventeen ratingfive this one is better than than the first one and i didn't think that eas possible.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely perfect
lenseven ratingfive i think its an amazing game. :d
leneight ratingfive you should make a indiana jones temple run
leneight ratingone keeps force closing or shutting off my phone.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentyeight ratingfive to me this game is awesome and so fun and i can't believe that it would be this fun and i can't wait to play it!
lenthree ratingfour fun and challenging.
lenthree ratingfour very cool graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfifteen ratingone every time i try to play it just takes me back to my home sreen.
lenthirteen ratingfive really good graphic for a game that you can get for a phone.
leneight ratingfive i enjoy playing this great game tr2=temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive i also know 1 thing for a fact its better then temple run 1
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo after a couple runs i lose all of my coins except for a few hundred and then my coins from the run i've just finished will add onto those couple hundred.
lennine ratingtwo so i lose about 2 thousand coins when that happens
lenfive ratingfive miss the angel wings tho
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive more challenging.
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseven ratingfive i i like this game very much!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it it's so addictive and it's better than the first one
lenten ratingfive excellent accessible game play custom-built for waiting in line.
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game its so good i always play it who ever made this game i love them
lennine ratingtwo bad quality on xperia x10, really slow, freezes a lot
lentwentyfive ratingone using a droid razr, the app takes forever to get off of a black screen and when it finally starts, tilting the phone does nothing.
lensixteen ratingfive i'm giving 5 stars, because i trust you are reliable, and will proceed to fix this.
lenfiftyseven ratingfive actually, right now the game is not "playable", at least for my phone : whenever i make some progress in the game and then exit, i notice that after reopening it again that all of it is gone; for the current update restarting the app causes this, however for the previous update, restarting the phone causes the same.
lentwentyone ratingfive so for a game that is all about challenges, and completing them, it's totally needed for this to be fixed.
lenseven ratingfive this game is soo addicting and fun!
lentwelve ratingfive i didn't even know something could be better than temple run 1.
lentwelve ratingfive a bunch of new stuff added to it and so much better :-)
leneight ratingone i got a droid 2 and it wont load.
lenten ratingone it stays on the main screen then takes me off.
lenten ratingone i would give it 5 stars but try and fix it.
lensix ratingfive way bttr dan da old version
lennine ratingfour pretty good more complicated and gripping than temple run 1.
leneleven ratingfive i have to admit this has a nice challenge to it.
lenthree ratingfive love the details.
lenten ratingfour very good but they could of added a little more
lentwentyone ratingthree its okay hut a bit hard to use on my samsung galaxy tab 2, i don't like the transition when turning.
lenfifteen ratingthree nice graphics but i think its missing the simplicity that made temple run 1 so popular.
lentwentyfive ratingfour but the problem is that it takes too long to load and it's kind of hard if you fix that i will give 5 stars
lensix ratingfive more challenging then the first one
lenfour ratingfive great game super fun
lentwo ratingone cant play.
lennine ratingone know lots of people whi get the error aswell
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is much better than the original temple run.
leneighteen ratingfive graphics are much better, and the monkey is awesome, even though it looks like a giant panda bear.
lenthree ratingfive fucken awesome game
lensixteen ratingfive changed from one star to five thanks to the service i received after an iap issue.
lentwentysix ratingfive i loved it but.i love it aorta much i have to keep deleteing it and download or again y'all realtor need to fix that!
lennine ratingfive dis is da best thing since twerkin came out
leneleven ratingone on my android device,  i am unable to play the game.
lennine ratingone it just shows the green eye and then foreclose.
lenthirtyone ratingfour i have a samsung galaxy note and i love this game aside from the late reaction times and every so often it tends to glitch out, other than that love it
lenten ratingfour it not so bad i think it needs more adherents.
lentwo ratingfive entertaining game.
lenten ratingfive love it way more fun then the first one :d
lenfive ratingfive it is a cool game
lensixteen ratingfive i like it a lot i wonder when is it going to be a temple run 3
lenten ratingfive this app is a whole lot better than the first!
lensixteen ratingfive it had to have a lot of thought put into it but its a good thing.
lenten ratingfive i think it will have a lot of good reviews!
lenseven ratingfive thank you guys for whoever made it.
lensixteen ratingfive temple run two is so cool and mite even be better than temple run one xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxxoxoxox
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneight ratingfive awesome cant wait on the next awesome featur
lentwentyseven ratingthree it's very addicting and fun but lags too much which makes you lose a life in most cases than none, and it's not my phone.
lenfive ratingthree it cost you two stars.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love that you run n the air and the zip line is great
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenseven ratingfive very good graphics and interesting add ons.
lentwenty ratingfive one of the best games ever i  am pnly saying one of the best because i am a xbox person
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive better than tha first.
lenfour ratingfive i play every day
lenthree ratingfive pretty good overall.
lentwo ratingfive excellent sequel.
lentwenty ratingthree really, i have the game maxed out on my more than capable phone, and there's still pop in textures.
lentwelve ratingthree floating islands in the background always pop in and it looks terrible.
lenfour ratingfour runs slow at times
leneight ratingone won't even play on my samsung infuse.
lenten ratingone it opens the beginning splash screen and then force closes.
lenfour ratingfive great game very addictive
lennine ratingfive its a good game but it be bing dumb.
leneleven ratingone i paid $4.99 for 50k in coins and after 3 emails still no coins.
lentwelve ratingone i was trapped at the airport last weekend and wanted to play.
lentwentyone ratingone this is the only time i have ever been ripped off on google play.pretty disappointing for such a fun game!
lensix ratingfive goodbye temple run, hello temple run 2
lensix ratingfive iam in the 4th millions now hurry
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive addictive & awesone, works perfectly on my galaxy s3
lenthree ratingfive game is awesome
lentwo ratingthree temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingtwo i really like how temple run 2 is laid out, but i would like to play without lag.
lensix ratingfive fast, varied maps, no hang ups.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive wayyyyyy better than the first one.
lensix ratingfive subway surfers is still better though.
lenten ratingone it lags constantly freezes my phone and force closes often.
lensixteen ratingone it glitches so the guy stays on one side of the path and won't move.
leneight ratingone fix these issues you will deff get 5 stars.
lentwo ratingone zte warp
lentwentyone ratingfour i love this game, but for some reason after 3 or 4 runs my coin count starts over and i'm back at 0.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive pretty good mini game
lenfour ratingfive the game is great.
leneight ratingfive love the ability to regen using a gem.
lenthirteen ratingfive my only criticism is i have no idea how to reset the game.
lensixteen ratingfive maybe add an option for a game reset in case some players want to start over.
lentwentyseven ratingthree love this game but it glitches a lot on my phone would of given it 5star's if it wouldn't do this all the time please fix
leneighteen ratingfive this game is amazing i really recommend it i can play it for hours an hours in end!
lenfourteen ratingfour deprnding on ur quality other wise yes i wud persuade u to download it
lenfour ratingfive excellent game - very addicting.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are superb!
lenfourteen ratingfive only complaint (minor)is that there is no description of how the extras work .
lensix ratingfive would be helpful for new addicts :-)
lenthree ratingfive love this game .
lenfour ratingfour a wonderful time killer.
lenseven ratingfour especially nice when internet isn't available.
lenthree ratingfive an absolute gem!
lenthirteen ratingfive a lot more fun than the original but a lot more fun too :)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtyfive ratingthree every time i get to 3000 coins for upgrades it goes back down to only a few  hundred so cant save to get 5000 upgrades but game really good please sort out then i will give 5 star
lenfour ratingfive i like it broooooo.
lenfifteen ratingfour an excellent improvement upon the original temple run, the new mechanics complement the gameplay well.
lennine ratingone soooo slow, will not let me dowload this app
lenthree ratingfive really addicting game.
lenfive ratingfive my coins keep disappearing.why.?
lensix ratingfive its so great i love it
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfour sometimes it take too much time to resume.
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is spm awesome
lenseven ratingfive i could literally could play for hours. <3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfour so addictive,better than"temple run".
lentwentyone ratingfour wish the tilting was better on kyros tablets cuz i need to turn device 90 degrees but might just be my tablet
lentwo ratingfour great fun!
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lennineteen ratingone i don't understand why a phone that can handle 3d games in high def crashes at the title screen.
lenthree ratingfive ts templem run.
lenfive ratingfive who wouldn't enjoy it?
lentwo ratingfour muito bom!
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game
lenfour ratingfour addictive and excellent game
lentwo ratingfive ab fab
lenfive ratingfive it's really fun game
lenfour ratingfive it is (crap)game
lenseven ratingfour awesome action, nice powerups, and new terrain!
lenten ratingfour only thing is that the tilting feels a bit stiff
lennine ratingfive love this game so much better than temple run 1 :)
lenthirteen ratingfive nice,it has been totally changed.nice graphics and new stages like it.
lentwo ratingfive flipping awesome
lenseven ratingfive no flaws at all, i love it.
leneight ratingfive its hard at first, but it gets easier.
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lenfive ratingfour a great game at first.
lentwentythree ratingfour i was getting great scores this afternoon and now suddenly the character does not turn but flys straight off the edge every time.
lensix ratingfour where have the sensitivity settings gone?
lensixteen ratingfour game is a decent time killer, im just awful at it, harder then the last one
lenfourteen ratingone wont even let me play not even gone to main menu of the game
lenfourteen ratingfive thanks to the creater.i love this game more then anything.love u man
lentwo ratingfive awesome fun
lennine ratingtwo addictive game but coins count reset after certain points :(
lensixteen ratingfive cannot go a day without playing it really fun wish i could give it 10 stars:d
lensix ratingfour needs option to adjust accelerometer sensitivity.
lentwentysix ratingfour i have to lean my phone to a point where i almost can't see the screen to get the character to move to the side.
lentwo ratingfour great fun.
lenfour ratingfour specially after the update
lenfourteen ratingone i give one star because the tilt does not work on my zoostrorm sl8 mini.
leneight ratingone please fix this and i'll be 5 stars
lentwentynine ratingfour i have almost crossed 8th level and one of my objective 500,000 lifetime coins is not completing.while my lifetime coins are around 540,000.i dont know why.thats why no 5 star
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive i love it x create 3 x
lenfour ratingtwo wont let me download
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive smooth, no lag
lensix ratingfive its a great game to play
lenfour ratingfive love it its great
lenfourteen ratingfive huge fan of the first one and now a huge fan of the second!
lenthree ratingfive lots more challenging.
lentwo ratingfive thanks guys!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwelve ratingone doese not wrk on ma ipod plz check problem wish could rate 0
lentwo ratingone lg optimus 3d.
lennine ratingone still not working on this phone and not impressed.
lenthirteen ratingone is there a reason you have yet to put fix out for this.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive so fast, love it
lennine ratingfive graphics and game is so better then the first!
lenfortynine ratingfour the game is a lot of fun, better than the first, but the game skips/hiccups a lot for me on htc one s, and it's caused me to die a few times.it doesn't ruin it, but i hope there's a fix for this soon.
lenfive ratingfive briliant and engaging game nice 1.
lenfour ratingfive good game love it:)
lentwelve ratingtwo this game is a rip off it wont let me play it
lenthree ratingfive awesome game thanks :)
lenthree ratingfour multiplayer may help.
lenfour ratingfour with faster net mobiles.
lentwelve ratingfive awesom graphics and a new monkey and a temple in the sky.!
lenthree ratingfive totally its awesome :-)
lenfour ratingfour friends, really awesome game.
lenten ratingthree everything just got updated looks cool and is very enjoyable.
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneighteen ratingthree can't fault the game but after spending the ? on the coin doubler it never appeared in game.
leneight ratingthree no response from imangi in over a week.
leneight ratingthree if fixed i'll add the other 2 stars!
lenfive ratingfive love this game so much
lennine ratingfive fantastic way to de-stress from the work day.
lenten ratingfive its great but could do with more people to be
lensix ratingone it is the worst game ever.
lentwo ratingfive cool af
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lensix ratingfive mujhe to teri lat lag gai
lenfive ratingfive significant improvements across the board.
leneight ratingfive the graphics enhancements are like night and day.
lentwelve ratingfive there are no problems with it on my samsung galaxy s ii.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lensix ratingfive love this game to  pass time!
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive greats game ever
leneight ratingfive this game rocks way better than the original
leneighteen ratingfour i unlock all characters and i am level 8 and still not unlocked coin magnet power up please help?
lenseven ratingfive never played such a awsome game before.
lenten ratingfive so addict to dis game beautiful graphics just loved it:-)
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive omg its amazingg!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i downloaded it once got really far and then i went to play today and i have to start over all progress is gone so mad other then that game is awesome.
lensix ratingone my phone wont load the app.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive i liked the first one but this one is so much more exciting!
lensix ratingfour waste of time does not work
lenfifteen ratingfive we'll awesome like u could play all day and 2nite  lol get in with it
lenfourteen ratingone all this game does is glitch none stop and it causes you to die.
lenfour ratingone worst game so far.
lenseven ratingthree ok. that's all i am saying.
lensixteen ratingthree sometimes gets  u frustrated but, its new and it has cool new route with new obstacles.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive nice upgrade from the first one.
lentwentyone ratingthree i like this game better then temple run 1 but the cart dosent tilt when i try so its not that good.
lensix ratingfour subway surfer is better than this!
lentwo ratingfive amazing   application
lenthirtyone ratingthree doesn't work , it shows the imangi studios logo than closes after seconds , i wonder if it's not compatible with my defy than why it's shown in the market !
lenfour ratingfour subway surfers is better
lennineteen ratingfive i spend close to 2 hrs everyday on this game, the fun in beating all my friends scores is unparalleled.
lenfifteen ratingfive how much i comment it is less it is best game that exceeds limit brilliant
lennine ratingfive really fast, no glitches, varied map, really fun, free.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
lenfortythree ratingfour they fixed the issue with crashing after getting save gems, so now my only concern is that getting a duplicate bonus (like picking up a magnet when you're already magnetized) should extend the length of it, but it doesn't at all.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfour nice time pass, great app to use graphic,
lenseven ratingfour it's fun every body plays it
lenfive ratingfour surely better than first one.
leneight ratingfour colour combiation of graphics is not very imoressive.
lenthree ratingfour addictive like always!
lenfive ratingfive this game is very fun.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are good, and it runs good on my droid charge
lentwo ratingfive azan khan
lensix ratingfive loving, but i still prefere one :)
lenfourteen ratingfive it's way betterthan the first one,and my 4 yr old loves to play
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive simply supereb.
lenseven ratingfive too much fun love the different levels
lentwo ratingfive fantastic awesome
leneleven ratingone game doesn't want to start after a couple of plays.
lenseven ratingone i lost all my coins for nothing.
lensix ratingfive more fun and easier to play
lensix ratingfour great game but a lil glichy
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenseventeen ratingone i open it and the logo shows up and then it closes and goes to home screen.
lensixteen ratingone i've tried downloading and deleting it and downloading it again and it doesn't work.
lenseven ratingfive amazing game great sequal to the first.
lenfive ratingfive a never endless fun game.
lenfour ratingfour crashes all d tym
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i ever played .!
lentwo ratingfour awesome.adictive
lentwelve ratingtwo bar bar stop ho jata kabhi atak atak k chalta h bakwas
lensixteen ratingone awesome graphics, no lag, nice bonuses and upgrades to keep people engaged for a looooooooong time.
lenfive ratingone thumbs up to the developers.
lentwentyfour ratingone even though i have finished collecting more than 500,000 life-time gold, the gold miner objective refuses to be shown as completed and is stuck.
lenten ratingone fix it and i'll rate it back to 5 stars.
lensix ratingone but as of now, extremely unhappy.
lenfifteen ratingfour i've had no problems on my device and the controls are intuitive and responsive.
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive.
leneight ratingfive more challenging and different from the first one.
lenfour ratingfour it improves concentration skills
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive gr8 game can't stop playing it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfive ive had so much fun playing this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is simple, short and yet the crisp graphics and concept demand your full attention.
leneleven ratingtwo every time i start the game, it starts in tutorial mode.
lensixty ratingtwo but when i go to change the settings, the back button doesn't work, the game freezes, and it doesn't save >:-( even after being dragged through that stupid, uneeded tutorial, once u die the game stays frozen on that scene. it doesn't even go to the stats screen to give u the option to run again or anything ><
leneleven ratingtwo takes time to start nd there are problem with motion sensing
lenseventeen ratingfive when i heard this was better then the first i didn't believe it  but it is.
lenthree ratingone this game stinks
lenseven ratingthree 1 was much better in case of graphics.
lennine ratingfive live the new theme and textures  keep it up
leneight ratingone stays on the opening screen and then closes.
leneleven ratingfive bht he nice game.bara fit tym pass ho jata hy.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfour ratingfive awesome,spent hours playing! :-)
lenfour ratingfive its fun to play
lenfifteen ratingfive this needs 2 speed up a little bit and the tilting feature needs 2 be more sensitive.
leneight ratingfive also its strting not 2 open on my fone
lensix ratingfive i hate how addicting it is.
lenfive ratingfive but i love the game.
lenfive ratingfive at last this game rox
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lennine ratingfive i think it is better with the big monster
leneleven ratingone all my stuff deleted, i did not want to play anymore
lennine ratingfive its better than temple run 1 and temple run brave!
lennine ratingfive this game has better features than the previous version.
lenthree ratingfour really fun game !
lenseven ratingone my phone will not download this app.
lennine ratingone i have a samsung galaxy s. it says error 498.
leneleven ratingone it won't even open i dontt even like this  game
lenfive ratingfive awesomest game for a phone
lentwentyone ratingthree i try to save up coins and i lose a lot example: i had over 4,000 and played another round than had 510.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lensix ratingfive this game is great very addictive :-)
lentwentyfive ratingfive loving this game, graphics are spectacular, scenery amazing, no more straight runs,  completely engaged in this, more intricate than 1, makes temple run brave feel sluggish.
lenfive ratingfour def better than the first.
lentwentyone ratingfive there's no problem i played in my tab, i can running running everyday, and i can't boring play it,,,
leneleven ratingfour cool but it took so long for me to dl this :'(
lentwelve ratingone whenever i wanna jump it never does and my screen does work
lensix ratingfive i love love this temple run 2!
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first one.#addictive!#
leneight ratingfour the game is nice but harder than part 1.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lentwenty ratingone i have played this on my tab2, its good and would have given 5 star, but on my s2 it doesnt evn start.
lentwelve ratingone please chk and fix if there is problem related to samsung galaxy s2.
lenten ratingone i would be happy to give 5 stars to this game.
lensixteen ratingfive after temple run 1 was such a good game, i had high expectations for the second one.
lenseventeen ratingfive the map is great and the path has lots of curves giving it a much faster feel.
lentwenty ratingfive the addition of the zipline and the mine cart keeps the game from being as repetitious as the first one.
lensix ratingfive overall this is a great game.
lensix ratingfive this game is freaking wicked cool.
lenten ratingfive dont b d first to go in, dont go alone.
lentwo ratingfive ha ha
lenfive ratingthree game needs a save place.
leneleven ratingthree very frustrating to start all the way over again and again.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingone won't download on my galaxy s1.
lenfive ratingone it's reading some error.
lensix ratingfour a good way to play hard
lentwentythree ratingone nice game but only for gingerbread it does not works on ma ray ics it shows package is not walid sooo just 1 star
lenthree ratingfive good pleasant game
lenseven ratingfive love it way better than temple run 1
lennine ratingfive i love this game can't put it down
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive it has a lot more obstacles then regular temple run.
lenfive ratingfive love it hooked on it !
leneleven ratingfive i didnt liked first one second is tough but its awesome
lenfiftythree ratingthree this was fun for about 3 days, then, it started glitching, like when i go down a rope and fly into a wall because i somehow fly from the rope to it, then, not collecting coins, then, not collecting gems, then, not letting me use my bonus, then clearing all my coins, come on. :(
lentwelve ratingfour great game & app better then first one can't stop palyin it!
lenten ratingfive i get a bunch of coin then the first one
lentwo ratingthree lags sometimes
lenseven ratingfive great game can't put it down
lenthree ratingfive good game overall.
lensix ratingfive this game is addictive and amazing
lenseven ratingfive lile the original temple run, but better.
lenthirteen ratingfive my only beef is i wish there were more characters to choose from !
lennine ratingfive i love this game better than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive i love this game mwah
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lennineteen ratingfour love it, i will give it 5 stars when gyro / accelorometer sensitivity is improved or function added in settings menu.
lenseven ratingfour its not as responsive at the original
lenthree ratingfive i love itttt!
lenthirteen ratingfive to much glitches when i play.please fix it, it moves too slow:(
lenfour ratingfive mind blowing ever played
lentwentytwo ratingtwo it looks like a good game but i can't get off the mian sreen i always shut down please fix now
lenfourteen ratingfive i love playing this games i cannt wait for the 3rd one to come out
lenfourteen ratingthree the game is nice, but my amount of coins changes every time i play.
lenthirteen ratingthree i don't even purchase anything and the amount i have will decrease.
lenthree ratingfive addictive fast action
lensix ratingfive nice graphics definatly worth ur time
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome!
lenseven ratingfive i love it its fill with adventure
lenfive ratingfour love part 2 of this game
lenthirteen ratingthree its really cool but the new background is the most distracting thins ever!
lenfifteen ratingthree it might evwn give u a head ache, takes a while to get used to.
lennineteen ratingthree there is a few other issues but im sure theu will be fixed in tje update, get this game (:
lentwentysix ratingfive this game is the best game ever!i just hate it when you jump from one road to the other,your character falls through the ground.
lensix ratingone make it compatible for my phone
lenten ratingfive so fun and hard my 2 favorite things are now combined
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is better than the other temple.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love all the new features like the zip lines and the mines
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is absolutely the bomb it is perfect better then  temple run 1
lenten ratingfive love this app great its not a waste of time
lensix ratingfive i love it, really cool game!
lentwo ratingfour kaim aa
lenfive ratingfive great game designed for action
lentwo ratingfive dashing game .
lenfour ratingfour temple run 1  temple run 2
leneight ratingfive love it much more than the first version!
lenfourteen ratingfour shows objective as being 50k coins and at sane time shows objective as needing 100k coins.
lentwentysix ratingfour i am close to being done with the 100k objective and well beyond the 50k but still won't check off and give me credit for the 50k objective!
lensix ratingfour other then that is perfect game
lenfour ratingfive good dusplay and funny
lentwenty ratingthree i love the gage and it's graphics but i don't understand why my china don't add up.
lenseven ratingthree i keep ending back at zero coins
lenfive ratingfour good game to kill time
lensix ratingfive i love this game , good graphics .
lenten ratingfive very good game.however they can include ride of animals.
lentwentyfive ratingfive loving this game, graphics are spectacular, scenery amazing, no more straight runs,  completely engaged in this, more intricate than 1, makes temple run brave feel sluggish.
lenseven ratingfive this game is sooooo  addicting, but fun :)
lentwelve ratingthree despite some very annoying game breaking flaws, this game is pretty fun.
lenthirty ratingthree some problems are falling through floor after jumping over gap, meter not filling up properly or at all, some impossible to avoid traps, and the 10, 000, 000 meter objective before reaching level 9.
lensixteen ratingthree i could play this game every day for a year and not reach that stupid goal.
lenfour ratingfour although it sometimes crashes
lensix ratingfive just wish jewels were more common :-)
lenfive ratingone the.game hesitates to much
lenfive ratingfive you've really outdone yourselves !
lenfifteen ratingfive there are games that exist to take 99 cents from everyone for a token gaming experience.
leneighteen ratingfive then there's temple run 2 which gives you the best of tomb raider and a long distance marathon.
lentwenty ratingfive it's endlessly addictive and when you've got time to kill between classes, it's an insatiable thrill ride.
lennine ratingfive i like love this game like tots awesome lols :)
leneighteen ratingfive really captures the addictiveness of the original whilst bring something new to what was a fairly plain table.
leneight ratingfive better then the first temple run love it !
lenseven ratingfive a wonderful way to start the unwinding!
leneight ratingone won't work on droid incredible please respond
lenfour ratingfive ultimate graphics ultimate fun
lentwentyeight ratingthree after the objective i completed the 5000 metets or whatever it wont let me save coins i love the game but fix this glitch so i can  continue playing!
lenfive ratingthree i want my coins saved!
lenthirteen ratingone i have a lg thrill and the game wont open on my phone.
lenfifteen ratingone are you going to be fixing this or is it just a waste of space?
lensix ratingtwo awesome game  when ever  am free.
lenseven ratingtwo i will be  playing this game only.
leneleven ratingfive the first step is to admit you have a problem hahaha
lenfour ratingfive absolutely love this game.
leneight ratingfive i like it more than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive there's more excitement in this game.
lenseven ratingfive like the coal mine and the ropes.
lenseven ratingfive find myself playing it all the time.
lentwentyone ratingtwo put a useless update out when i've been over 500,000 coins 3 hundred thousand ago and still the objective won't compete.
lensixteen ratingtwo after seeing the multiple other reviews saying the same thing, i had to drop my rating.
lenthirteen ratingone when are you going to fix the crash for the samsung galaxy s!?!
leneleven ratingone fix the crah please, i really want to play this game
lentwelve ratingone every time i would try to play this it wont let me
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is an amazing game.
lenthirteen ratingfive but the high scores of friends and friends on facebook should be added
lenthree ratingfive werdddddd to evrrything
lentwo ratingfive awsomr game
lenthirteen ratingfour i would rate this all five stars, but i can't screenshot it!
lenfour ratingfive joe i like it
leneight ratingfive i just started playing its great so far
lentwelve ratingfour nice game but same as the first cud have added something xtra. .
lentwo ratingfour fun game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive ok hai
lenthree ratingfour tons o fun!
lenfive ratingfive lots of fun and free
lensix ratingfive finally.its the best game everrr
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
leneight ratingone freezes on startup screen, im dying to play.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseventeen ratingfive this highly addictive game will keep u wanting to play over and over till u beat everything
lentwelve ratingfive sometimes when i try to buy a gem it will force close.
lentwenty ratingfive it won't let me keep any gems previously used in the run and it doesn't save the score.
lenfour ratingfive fix it.otherwise 5 stars
leneleven ratingfive excellent game i just love it much better then temple run
lennine ratingfive definitely a little more challenging than the first versi.
lenthirteen ratingone even after 3 updates the game still does not open on my lg thrill.
leneight ratingfive please include screen capture on s3 please please please
lenthirtythree ratingfive i got this for my ipod last week when it came out on ios and my ipod and spent the whole week waiting for this to come out on android for my note 2.
lenthree ratingfive great new version.
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics are much improved and the different power ups for the players are neat
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive this game is awesome my record 15.1 million(without cheating)
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfive this game is pure excitement.
lennine ratingfive better than the first one, don't you agree?
lentwentyfour ratingfive i like temple run 2 its kind of more easy than temple run but nice way of adding more features and making it more fun
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingone i died every time i run
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i love this version of temple run although i do kinda wish its instructions was a tid bit more clear because its kind of confusing.
lenfive ratingfour other than that itz amazing!
lenten ratingone unable to upgrade character even though i have enough coins!
lenfive ratingfour good ui and nice updates.
lensix ratingfour it runs perfectly on xperia u
lenfive ratingfive funner than i thought, fast.
lenfour ratingfive cant wait for sequel.
lentwenty ratingfive awsome wish that when you do upgrades(coin value / boost metter etc.) they satyed no matter what char u use
lenfour ratingfive i love this app.
lenfour ratingfive thanks to my sweetheart!
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
lenfive ratingfive ahora te toca ati tenerlo
lenfourteen ratingfive modern combat 4, nfs most wanted,etc working fine on my device without any lag.
lensixteen ratingfive so, its not my device compatibility issue on why this game is lagging on my device.
lenseven ratingfive otherwise its a excellent effort by you.
lentwo ratingfive badass game
lenfifteen ratingfive when i go into settings, it won't let me go back into the game.
lentwentythree ratingfour ?love it very much ?nice  graphic ?nice to have objective ?removed that boring wing and intoduced gemstone ?fills laggy sometime and cannot tilt.
leneleven ratingfour more than just left and right turns.love this progressive game!
lenten ratingfive but updated mine and still displays the circumnavigator objective twice
lenthirtythree ratingtwo it looks fun and i have heard really great things but it won't work on my galaxy s . it will download but when i click in it won't bring it up.
lensix ratingtwo i have dowloaded it several times.
lentwentytwo ratingfour better graphics, better sceneries, better tactics, but it would be nice if you could change the sensitivity like in the previous game
lenseven ratingtwo just exits out after the intro screen.
lenfive ratingtwo i have an lg thrill 4g.
lensix ratingfour temple run 2 is an awesome game
lennine ratingtwo the is very impressive, good upgrade from previous version.
lenthirty ratingtwo there are few things that i was not happy about and the at the top of the list -the game crashes most of the times when i try to resurrect.
lenfive ratingtwo it just closes the application.
lensix ratingtwo no bug report pop-up either.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the game is awesome,but it is showing me updates available in play store but there is not update button to click.
lensix ratingfour it just flickers and goes away.
lenseventeen ratingthree everything is awesome but u should put.more people like the football player and all off that
lenfour ratingfive love the new graphics.
leneight ratingfive i love this game this thing go hamm!
lenfour ratingfive great cool new game
lentwelve ratingthree it really fun and addicting, but gliches a lot on my droid.
lenthirtyeight ratingthree i played it on a friends ipad and loved it but i can't even launch it on my phone. :( please fix i think this game is 5 star worthy but you just need tah fix dat crash bug!
lentwo ratingfive like games
lenthree ratingfive lots if fun
lenseven ratingfive this iz fast moving game love it
leneleven ratingthree but its so sensitive when our rididng the cart its annoying
leneight ratingone it want go pass logo screen just closes:(
lentwentyfour ratingfive this app is really fun to play it was hard the first time i tried but now im good at it .!go temple run 2! ?<3
lennine ratingfive fun and is way better then the other one
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfour i would give 5 stars for a more lag free temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive kids love the game and i find my self play it to.
lenfive ratingfive very excellent graphics .my highscore 16152360
lenfive ratingfive awesome game and i scored 22,99900
leneleven ratingthree this is a cool game but takes to long to download
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfifteen ratingfive plays good on my old droid x2 running android 4.1 got it all set to max quality :)
leneleven ratingone i paid $4.99 for 50k in coins and after 3 emails still no coins.
lentwelve ratingone i was trapped at the airport last weekend and wanted to play.
lentwentyone ratingone this is the only time i have ever been ripped off on google play.pretty disappointing for such a fun game!
lenfour ratingfour i love temple run 2.
lenten ratingfour but lags so much and also having issues with tilting.
lenten ratingfour have not had these issues with the first temple run.
lennine ratingfour lots of fun and more difficult than the first
lenthirty ratingfour when i take a coin magnet and when it is about to go,and then if i receive another,it does not continue like it used to in temple run.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfour glitching when yu get real far
lensix ratingfive i got bored with temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive this game is exciting and challenging.
lenthree ratingthree lag lag lag!
lentwentyone ratingthree on the lg optimus elite, fantastic game but the lag issue needs to be resolved, im killed too much by it!
lenfour ratingtwo the game is amazing!
lentwo ratingtwo 5 star worthy.
lenten ratingtwo only issue is i never received my coins after $5.00 purchase.
lensixteen ratingtwo will change to 5 stars once i recieve a refund or i get credit for the purchase.
leneighteen ratingfour it lags on my phone from time to time and also the start screen takes forever to load.
lenseven ratingfour sometimes i die only because i lagged.
lentwo ratingfour droid pro
lenfive ratingfive most fukin.aausum game ever
lentwo ratingfive great game !
lenseven ratingfive i can't stop playing it awsome!
lensix ratingfive beat my record of 22 mil thoe
lensix ratingfive it is an amazngly addictive game!
lenfourteen ratingfour fantastic game.though due to high graphics battery drains quickly but worth it playing.
lentwenty ratingfour would have been 5 stars if there's an option, through which scores could be posted in facebook, within the game
lentwentytwo ratingfour if you are in a boost and pick up a second one, it disappears when it should extend the one you have.
lensix ratingfive a very difficult and nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice job.
lenfour ratingfive touch response is awsome
lenfive ratingfive is an addictive game awesome
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is cool but how the girl screams but the rest of the game i like
lenseven ratingfour awesome.much much better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingone does not work on my htc merge.
lensix ratingfive this is a really cool game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive fun as hell
lensix ratingthree its an improvement on the original
lentwentyseven ratingfive my wife and i divorced because all i'd do was beast it on temple run but it's alright i still love this game 5 stars mothafucka .
lenten ratingone unfortunately, this game doesn't work on my huawei ideos x5.
leneight ratingone so, i can't offer a good rating.
lennine ratingone i was looking forward to trying it, as well.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1
leneleven ratingfour sensitivity turning i literally have to flip my phone to turn 8
lenseven ratingfive the game dosent freeze.now five stars.
lenfive ratingfive more levels would be awesome
lensix ratingfive a must have game on device.
lensixteen ratingone i have the infuse and it makes me wait 30 secs then force closes plzzzzzzzz fix it
lentwelve ratingthree it lags on my phone(samsung galaxy wonder), can u fix it?
lenseven ratingthree so that i can enjoy this game.
lensix ratingfour need a little bug fixing though.
lenfour ratingfive this game is brilliant!
lenthirteen ratingfive so much better then the first one, its more exciting and so addictive .
lenseventeen ratingfive i've had this game on my tablet for about 2weeks now and i haven't stopped playing!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive temple run is really fun!
lenfifteen ratingfive i play it all the time even when i dont hav minutes, temple run 2 sux!(:
lentwo ratingfive kills time.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentytwo ratingfive when you get a boost power up and go on a rope, you go really fast even after the boost is over.
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the game a lot but after many hours i can't seem to get the gold miner objective even though i'm passed 500000 coins.
lentwentyone ratingone well if i reinstall the game and lose all my progress i can get that coin doubler i bought weeks ago.
lenfive ratingone that's definitely worth it.
lentwenty ratingone this would be awesome except everytime i collect over 2500 coins, the next time i die i lose most of them.
lensix ratingone makes the game not worth playing.
lenfour ratingfive most awesome temple run
lentwo ratingfive neo ll
lenfour ratingfive good for passing time
lennine ratingfour damm ossmm guy's. but it's too additictive
lentwentysix ratingfour i have the samsung illusion (yeah, the phone kinda sucks) but, the app has glitches. :/ i just had my phone replaced because of some chargeing problems.
lentwentythree ratingfour i was hoping that that would fix the glitch issue, but no. its still glitching :/ other than that its an amazing game!<3.4 stars(:
leneleven ratingthree it's pretty fun but how do you change the sensitivity?
lenthree ratingfive fun and quick
lenseven ratingfive awesome game.a milestone in mobile games
lennine ratingfive amazing, million times better than the first hands down
lenfourteen ratingtwo the game lags on my phone and it just updated and i lost everything!
lenfive ratingtwo all my gems coins powerups.
lenfourteen ratingtwo buy most of all i lost all the time i put into the game!
lenfifteen ratingtwo fix these problems and it would be one of the best games on my phone.
lentwelve ratingtwo also i would like to get all my stuff back if possible?
lenfour ratingfive love it very addicting
lentwo ratingfive awesome game :)
lenthree ratingfive great adventure game.
lenthree ratingfive insane detail & lighting!
lentwentytwo ratingfive thankyou devs  for making a brilliant game for us to enjoy playing. :)  hope there's another sequel to this in the future.
lenten ratingfive crashes every time i get my highscore and doesnt save
lenfour ratingone hahahahahha f*** you guys.
lentwo ratingone lg thrill
lenten ratingtwo not interested in this game with open source available patcher
lenten ratingthree this is the most addictive game i've ever played.
lenten ratingthree but i couldnt tilt my phone while playing this game.
lenfour ratingthree im noy sure why.
lenfive ratingthree hope someone could guide me
leneleven ratingthree i like it but i wish there were more playable characters
lenfive ratingfive fun and exciting love it
lenthree ratingfive att a puri.
lenfourteen ratingfive last update made the game extremely laggy on my phone since today's update.
leneighteen ratingfive sometimes it doesn't register swipes so i end up going off a cliff or running into something.
lensix ratingfive awsum playng ths make me joyful
lenseven ratingfour it's like the temple of doom
lenseven ratingfour but u should also update temple run 1.
lennine ratingfour it's also excellent game but vl struck oftenly
lenthirtynine ratingone im sure its a great game but all i see when i try to play is a capitol s with  green i and then the app force closes after several time of unistalling and downloading and unistalling and downloading.
lenfour ratingfive love it very addictive!
lentwentythree ratingtwo while some modifications, such as improvements in graphics, shadows, a better achievement system, more useful character unlocks etc, others aren't so welcome.
lenthirtythree ratingtwo among these include the inability of power ups to stack - getting a shield power up while the current shield is about to run out doesn't give you more shield, it just disappears.
lensixteen ratingtwo this is effectively punishing better/more dedicated players, to whom this is more likely to occur.
leneleven ratingtwo there are plenty of other mechanics like this that need fixing.
lentwentythree ratingfour this game is awesome i don't know how many times i've played this game and i already have two million points.
lensixteen ratingone i cant even play, it closes as soon as i click it on the samsung infuse
lenthree ratingthree hangs at times.
lenfive ratingthree objectives are not getting updated.
lenthirteen ratingthree i've got over 500,000 coins yet that particular objective still shows as incomplete.
leneleven ratingthree please fix this bug.i'm using a sony xperia j.
lentwentyone ratingone all my friends making high score .i want to takeover them .but ut lags alot in my fonn .plsss fix it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive one of the best,plays great on my galaxy s 2
leneleven ratingfive my score is 2,849,889 on here and i got like 50 gems already
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
leneight ratingfive was working fine but now it wont load
lenfifteen ratingfour realy nice game but you should add it the facebook highscore to compete with friends.
lensix ratingfive excellent on my motorola electrify m
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive five star
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lensix ratingfive it is better than temple run.
lenfiftythree ratingtwo i will try to play and once on the imangi studios i hear the menu music play but then it just takes me back to my phones home screen ! -_- please fix this but dont start my stats over, i would probably just stop playing if i have to do everything all over again.
lensixteen ratingtwo if you can do this then u will get the 5 stars that this game deserves :p
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenthree ratingfive really nice graphics.
lenfive ratingfive very difficult at the start.
lenthree ratingfive frustraiting but fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive wish there were more gems to collect.
lenseventeen ratingfive i actually missed my bus stop because i was playing it and i had to walk home
leneight ratingfive honestly, they couldn't have done it better.
lenthirtysix ratingfive i think it will be nice to have a multiplayer mode via wifi or online, and for that it will be great to add few more skills or characters which can make players outrace their oppoments
lensix ratingfive compared to this subway surfers sucks!
lenthree ratingfive big demon monkey!
lentwo ratingfive mine carts!
lentwo ratingfive water falls!
lentwo ratingfive power ups!
lenthree ratingfive best app evet
lentwenty ratingfive great work done on the game.excellent graphics.really love it.one of the best games that i have played.
lenfour ratingfour much better love it
lensix ratingfive its better than the 1st temple run!
lennine ratingfive can't get enough.playing this at every opportunity!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfive absolutely  addicted!
lenfour ratingfive dis is perfect bruh
lenseven ratingfive it's addicting and i like it.
lenseven ratingfive very entertenment game l like very much
lentwelve ratingfive this one is even better then the 1st one and very addictive 5 stars
lensixteen ratingfive better than the 1st but there's a glitch that when you swipe it becomes  a glitch
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenten ratingfive cant wait need new characters like they need a zombie!
lentwo ratingfive cool lol
lensix ratingone it has compatibility issues on nexus 4.
lennine ratingone the game lags and slows down in certain points.
lennine ratingfive love this game it's wayyy better than the 1st!
lenthirteen ratingfive and on temple run 3 make it where you can design your own character
lentwo ratingfive scary cool
lennine ratingone it shows force close every time i run it
leneighteen ratingfive awesome game and easier than the previous one and hope u can soon optimise it for older devices.
lentwo ratingfive great update
lentwo ratingfive awsome graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run was great but this is even better.totally loving it!
lenfive ratingfour its cuul and very addictive.
leneleven ratingfour would have given it 5 stars but it force closes too much.
lensix ratingfour my objectives are not capturing either!
lenfour ratingfour a lot of fun.
lentwentytwo ratingfour nice game but one prorblem after a call it wont continue and start new game i would put 5 stars maybe next update
lenseventeen ratingfour it fun and on the note2 it is amazing but only if i could use my s-pan.
lenfour ratingfive it's look like 3d
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwelve ratingone still keeps force closing on my huaweii u8880 after the update plz fix!
lenfour ratingfive luv it good job
lenseven ratingfour this game is entertaining i like it
lenfour ratingfive i played temple run.
lensix ratingfive but temple run 2 is much better.
lentwo ratingfive thanks imangi!
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing.
lenfour ratingone still sucks big time.
lenthree ratingone completed 500000 coin objective.
lenseven ratingone it is stuck at around 80% i guess.
lensix ratingone won't move forward at all.
lensix ratingone badly want to move to level 9.
lentwelve ratingfive nice game and is a gud piece of work by d developers.
lenseventeen ratingfour better than temple run \m/  but, it lags a lot and that's a huge turn off.
lentwentysix ratingfour i'm on a note ii and i'm used to playing a lot of high graphic games and i've never had problems with them.
lentwentyfour ratingfour also a power up taken if taken a second time before the first one times out, the second one taken doesn't get counted.
lenfive ratingfour that's a huge disadvantage.
lenfive ratingone temple 2 have a worm email
lennine ratingfive i stopped using crack and started using this instead :)
lentwo ratingfour highly addictive.
lentwenty ratingone after downlodind during the installation package file invalid error found don't download doesn't work at my htc explorer
lenfive ratingfive seems like a fun game!
lensix ratingfive to bad i can't  play!
lennineteen ratingfive i've had this game for almost a whole day now and haven't gone past the tutorial yet!
lentwelve ratingfive it gets me off the game after the first 5 secs of playing!
lenfive ratingfive i really want to play!
lenthree ratingfive play temple run 2
lenthree ratingfive its temple run.
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars duh
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lennine ratingfour a lot of improvements, most especially with the experience.
lennine ratingfour but that monkey behind never gets to fall then.
lentwentytwo ratingfour it even runs in the air when running on narrow routes (where the floor is divided into two. :( fall down you monkey! =)))
lennine ratingfive nice game.easy to earn a lot of coins
lenseven ratingfive awesome graphics this is very good game.
lenseven ratingfive but i am waiting for temple run 3
lenseven ratingfive need some improvement still very nice game.
leneleven ratingfive very nice, have had a lot of fun with the objectives.
lenseven ratingfive it's to interesting game got addicted ;-)
leneight ratingfour i can't change to slide while jumping .
lenfifteen ratingfour i frequently accidentally upgrade the abilities while i am scrolling upgrade page up or down.
lenthirtyone ratingone it took all my coins and points and made me start over then when i die it kept starting over i thought it was my phone but nope just the app >:(
lentwo ratingfour hot games
lenfive ratingone bad cz same things always
lennineteen ratingfive a lot of people seem to complain about lag, it's not their fault your phone is too old!
lensixteen ratingfive works flawless on a galaxy s3, if your phone can't run it stick to the original.
lentwo ratingfive nice game !
lenseven ratingfive i can't wait for temple run 3 !
lenfive ratingfive so fun and so cool.
leneight ratingone can't run  first is beter than this.
lensixteen ratingfour haven't played it yet because they haven't made it compatible for my sidekick4g please fix
leneleven ratingfour just add function of pausing game when battery low notification comes.
lensix ratingthree the first temple run was better.
lenseven ratingthree there were more characters and so yeah.
lentwelve ratingfour similar to the earlier avatar with a few changes in the rules.
lenfive ratingfour better graphics and bug free.
lenfourteen ratingone i enjoy the game but this is the second time it has reset randomly.
lenseven ratingone fix that and it'll be better.
lenthree ratingone and occasional lag.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lensix ratingfour way way smoother than temple run.
lennine ratingfour though it crashes sometimes when i select save me.
lenseven ratingfour edit : the save me bug is fixed.
lentwentythree ratingfour but near the end of the duration of the effect of the coin magnet if another magnet is collected, the effect terminates immediately.
lentwentytwo ratingfour little glitches here and there like do double tapping your power up but then running into another one and not gaining it.
lenfour ratingfour but everything runs smooth
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game
lentwelve ratingthree should add the option of showing scores of facebook and twitter friends.
lenfive ratingfive just cant stop playing it
lentwentythree ratingthree temple run had a glitch in the system and mest up real bad.after it started working properly all my stats got erased.
lensix ratingthree so now i gotta start over.
lenten ratingone it doesn't even start even with the new update
lenfourteen ratingone i like temple run 2 its a very good game with smooth graphics and actions.
lenfourteen ratingone i quit the game and wanted to play another time it didn't worked.
lenten ratingone it doesn't let me play it on lg thrill
lentwelve ratingfive its one of the best games i've  played on my phone
lenfifteen ratingfour i enjoyed the game very much but occasionally it froze while playing on my galaxy s2.
lenten ratingfour so i have to force stop the game and restart.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is an amxing time killer that i am in love with!
lenseven ratingfive by far my favorite app i have.
leneleven ratingfive very nice game and graphics further my favourite game tample run 2
lenthirteen ratingfour this is very good game vut it should have more abilities and characters
lennineteen ratingone you take this long with an update and then still it doesnt even work.i am about to uninstall.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenfour ratingfive addicted to dis game
lenthirtyone ratingfive this game takes a little practice to get used to if you played the first one, but the graphics are great and is really fun once you get used to it.
lentwentysix ratingone it's a good game, but the main problem is that the frame gets stuck for a second and continues resulting in me losing the game
lenthree ratingfive hey thank you.
lenseven ratingfive best android game i have ever played.
lentwentythree ratingfive a very nice game n love to play this game very addictive  dont watch other reviews just download it n njoy the game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesomeness
lenfourteen ratingfive that's my high score lags a tiny bit but didn't really matter
lennine ratingfive but plzzzzzzz fix the lag in xperia miro plz
lentwentyone ratingone just no. the new update made it unable to tilt left, and goes unresponsive every single run about 45 seconds into it.
lenseventeen ratingone no lag though, but that doesn't matter when the rest of the game doesn't work.
lenseven ratingfive aye nigga really like dis ishh lol
leneleven ratingone i bought all the upgrades my score is not increasing well.
lenfive ratingone i hate this game now!
lenfive ratingfive this will blow your mind !
lenten ratingfour it no longer freezes when i die and its saving.
lenthree ratingfour now worth playing!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfour this is a great game! !
lensix ratingfive love this game and its free.
lenthirty ratingfive the graphics are pretty good on my phone (note 2) and this game is a huge step up from the first game so kudos to the developers for improving their game
lensix ratingfour it's a really fun game.
lensix ratingfour something to play when im bored.
lenfifteen ratingfive for those complaining either buy a decent smart phone or do not rate at all.
lentwentyseven ratingfour would be much better if we could link tr2 with our google account and have a universal save file for all of our devices signed into that account.
lenthirtyone ratingfive perfect temple run for android i didn't think it b this great but wow it was like if it was made for androids its excellent on my htc evo shift
lenfive ratingfive couldn't ask for more!
lenfive ratingone didnt work on my phone
lenfour ratingfive best game.love it ;-)
lentwo ratingfour great job
lennineteen ratingfive downloaded it for my kids initially.now i'm completely addicted.it is possible that i need an intervention.:-)
lennine ratingfive edit: after the updates i find no more bugs.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but one thing i would really like to have in the next update are extra characters and pick up power ups stack on each other. :)
lentwo ratingfive neo ll
lenten ratingtwo not interested in this game with open source available patcher
lentwentyseven ratingfive when it says package file is invalid that could mean you're running out of memory so you better uninstall some apps to accommodate this huge file.
lentwentyfour ratingfive if you're using a memory card better transfer files from phone memory to sd card to free up your phone's memory space.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.very addictive.!
lensix ratingfive more better than old one amazing .
lentwo ratingfive fun app!
lenten ratingfive it,s imaging games   nice graffics  and loot of fun
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lenten ratingfive the graphics are really good and the gameplay is fantastic.
lensixteen ratingfive i first experienced difficulty in the screen tilt function but that seems to have been resolved.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game so much  it deserves these five stars
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwenty ratingfive this game was downloud in galaxy y from samsung he was not in downloud pleaae content the game was downloud
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 1 is cool also
lenseventeen ratingfive got to hand it to yoi, really great improvements from temple run 1, keep up the good work!
lenthirteen ratingfour losing ma interest coz after reaching level 8 you have to run 1000000 metres!.wtf
leneighteen ratingfive this is better than the first one like i said excellent better graphics better everything an not boring.
leneight ratingfive i love this game the graphica are awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive this version of the game is way awesome than the last one.
lenten ratingfive it's the most addictive game i've ever played
lentwo ratingfive pretty awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive runs smooth on s3.
leneleven ratingfive so enjoy playing this game i feel relax every time :-d
lenseven ratingfour please add a confirmation to upgrade purchases!
lentwentytwo ratingfour i've mistakenly made at least three upgrades that i didn't want when all i was trying to do was scroll.
leneight ratingfour 15000 coins wasted, and not on what i want.
lenseven ratingfive for those who are complaining about lag.
lenten ratingfive i bet you got lots of stuff on your phone.
lentwelve ratingfive try factory reseting your phone and install only what you really use.
leneleven ratingfive the lag is comming from your phone not from the game!
lensix ratingfive i love this game btw :-p
lenthirteen ratingtwo wont download says there is an error :/ really sucks loved the first one
lentwentyfour ratingfive i am great fan of temple run.i used to play temple run 1.now temple run 2 is great sequel.improved graphics and perfect game
lentwentynine ratingone i saw my friend playing this on his apple product and it looked awesome however when i download and try to play all i get is the "imangi studios"
lenfive ratingone screen then it force closes.
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone fix bug and i will update review.
lentwo ratingone 0 star app.
lennine ratingone update: very disappointed in this producer and support team.
lenseventeen ratingone after a long wait and yet another update it still does not function properly on samsung infuse 4g.
lensix ratingone you are losing lots of supporters.
lenseven ratingone here our cries and fix this issue!
lenfive ratingfive awesome like the first one .
lenthree ratingfive with better graphics.
lenfour ratingfour better then temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfive cool fun game
lenthirteen ratingfive there are great additions to the original game that i believe are perfect.
lennine ratingfive i like the leveling system, better than the 1st game.
lenfive ratingone game freezes after the tutorial.
leneleven ratingone i have not been able to play it properly even once.
lenseven ratingone re-installing it is not helping either.
lentwelve ratingone i just tried to install it twice and got the same message.
lenseventeen ratingone it wouldn't even install because apparently it couldn't install in the right location or something.
lennineteen ratingfive but i use xperia u which has a dual core processor, android version 4.0.4 yet the game opens very slow.
lennine ratingfive this is the only one game on my phone
leneleven ratingfour i was hoping the update would fix the incomplete 500k coins objective.
lenseven ratingfour hopefully i can fully complete 1m coins objective.
lensix ratingfour i really want to reach level 9.
lenten ratingone keeps restarting & deleteing all my data , i'm very upset !
lensix ratingfive the best game i have played.
lenseven ratingfive i enjoy this game to the fullest.
leneighteen ratingfive what pumps up the adrenaline is the fact that i have friends who aim for the highest score.
lenfourteen ratingfive but enough about opinions, here's the facts:   i have spent hours on this.
lensix ratingfive it runs smoothly on my phone.
lensix ratingfive in conclusion, temple run 2 is awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive now i have highest score with 1,897,000.haha.i'm addict with this game.
lensixteen ratingone uses my coin got to 2500 boost without my approval.i can not collect coins more than 2500.
lenfourteen ratingone if its ur trick to make us purchase coins, then u are b**ls***.
lenfifteen ratingone if u r so greedy, don't cheat but make ur game a paid one.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this is a fun game to play its not hard to get the hang of perfect game to keep me occupied when i have time to spare
lenfifteen ratingthree it skips a lot causing you to trip or not jump or slide in time.
lenten ratingthree fix that, and it'll be a five star app.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenseven ratingfive i am very happy for this game.
lensix ratingfive i waiting for next temple run 3
lensix ratingfive i'm really enjoy this game.
lenfive ratingfour i hate this new ui.
lentwo ratingfour otherwise great
lenfour ratingfive gaming experience is great.
lentwo ratingfive easy 5 stars.:)
lentwenty ratingthree why is the graphic on ios device is better than android?the graphic not the display.its just not fair.
lenfour ratingfive is a nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive my husband got me headover hills for this game play it all through the night
lenfifteen ratingfour there's a glitch in the game so sometimes it freezes while i'm running.
lenthree ratingfour addictive game though.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game   :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):) :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
lennine ratingfive its a nice game but it needs some improovement.
lensix ratingfive otherwise it is a wonderous game.:
leneight ratingthree most of the coin objectives are not working.
lenten ratingthree i completed the objective but it stays only at 50 percent.
leneight ratingthree please fix it to make this game better!
lensix ratingfive the game is overall suuuperb one.
lenfifteen ratingfive but i found some laggyness in controls when v need to slide right or left.
lenthirteen ratingfive otherwise the game has high graphics as compared to all the "temple run"
lenfortyseven ratingthree theres a glitch on my phone because when i use a save me its starts with one then the second time i use it in one game its one again and then third time its three gems and fourth time its seven gems its a weird glitch
lentwo ratingfive ek numbered
lenfour ratingfive cool game good graphics
lenthree ratingfive superb game.crossedd 1croce
lenthree ratingfive download this app.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is now better than the first.
lenfour ratingfive the setting is diffrent.
leneighteen ratingfive you are running around a mountain, through a maze,  zip lining, jumping across rivers, and so much more.
lenten ratingfive the herd of monkies has changed into on giant one.
lensixteen ratingfive now green glistening diamond's save you so you can now get to 1 million or more.
lensixteen ratingfive tip in the mine tilt all the way to the side the one rail is on.
lenseven ratingfive graphics way better, and way more boosts
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenthirty ratingthree this is very fun, the only thing is that sometimes, i almost beat my high score and the guy will randomly go flying off the opposite side of the turn.
leneleven ratingthree also, it will sometimes not give me the coins i earned.
lenthree ratingthree great game though.
leneight ratingfour i like this game superb full time pass
lentwentyone ratingtwo i've played the game on other peoples devices, loved it; however it doesn't work wit my huawei droid yb
lentwelve ratingfive me n my daughter go head to head on the distance ran.
lenseven ratingfive nice game for time pass excellent graphics
lensixteen ratingfive better visuals, i really like the minecart parts, it's just leaps better than the original.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lensixteen ratingfive so addictive but what does the flag that sometimes appears at the start of the level?
lenseven ratingfour i feel like temple run 1 is harder.
lentwenty ratingfour this has a lot more stuff, its a good game but when i get to 20 mill it starts to lag -_-
lennine ratingtwo in sonyericson xperia arc s, update is not working.
lensix ratingtwo i am getting invalid package file.
lenthirteen ratingthree every single time i open the app, i look at my coin balance.
lenfifteen ratingthree ill start to play, and notice my coin balance drops dramatically each time i run.
lenthree ratingthree great game though.
lenfour ratingfive super fun and addicting!
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it.
lentwenty ratingfive it plays smoothly when i'm playing while connected, but when i'm online, it lags heavily and even crashes.
lenfifteen ratingfive i wish the data can be transferred to my tablet from my phone as well.
leneight ratingfour its a little better but not that much
lennine ratingfive working great on my xperia s! most addictive game
lenseventeen ratingfour great game addictive wud hve given 5stars but fr sum very minute glitchez overall a vry gud game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenfour ratingfive wht a superb game.
lenfour ratingfive more of a challenge
lenthirty ratingone if you pay as much as a penny to these guys for upgrades, coin and gem packs - you are a sucker and you deserve to be separated from your money
leneight ratingone after the update i lost all my stats.
lenthirteen ratingone now every time i open the game i have to start all over.
lentwentyfour ratingfive when i put display to better swipe miss the touch almost every time so i play now on best quality and it's great.
lenseven ratingfive game runs awesome my htc evo design 4g.
leneight ratingfive an outstanding game that i have ever played
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lentwentyfour ratingone will go up to to load but then kicks me out of app and i there have been other complaints like mine please fix
lenfive ratingtwo everytime i try to open.
lenthree ratingtwo it closes immediately.
lenfour ratingtwo i cant even play.
lennine ratingfive its just awesome, as its better than last one.
lenten ratingtwo the last update is so glitchy and it lags alot
lentwo ratingfive ta conmother!
leneight ratingfour the game was great until the last update.
lensix ratingfive a good, addictive and nice game
lennine ratingfive awesome game.addicted to it.can't stop playing.
lenfourteen ratingone can't access to the game.it gets stuck on imangi studios thing only.
lensix ratingone doesn't load further ,. plz help !
lenfour ratingfour nice and worthy successor
lenthirteen ratingthree glitches and slow loading needs more realistic texture but game is still good
lentwelve ratingfive man i love this game and nobody can copy this original version
lenfour ratingfive terrific game!so addictive
lenseven ratingfive runs smoothly on htc one s. addictive.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneight ratingfive the mine cart threw me off at first.
leneleven ratingfive i wasn't used to being so reliant on the gyroscope.
lensixteen ratingfive this has all the autism inducing qualities of the first, but with more challenges and unlockables!
lensix ratingfive thanks a lot for this game.
lentwo ratingfive more power!
lensix ratingfive great graphics and a great game!
lenseven ratingfive better than the first one, super addictive!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfive i dun agree that some players cannot say and rate 1star.
lentwelve ratingfive moreover,some players' phones are lag during playing this game and rate 1star.
lentwenty ratingfive i utterly dun accept that as their phones are completely rubbish, not related this game.this is an exciting game!
lensix ratingone on lg optimus su760 pls fix it.
lenfour ratingfour very fun mobile game
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfour ratingfive great game,  amazing graphics
lentwo ratingfour nice sequel
lenfive ratingfour addictive and fun to play
lenfour ratingfive title sums it up
lentwentyone ratingfive its great but it glitches putting the character in random spots and sometimes it misses jumps that the player clearly lands
lentwentynine ratingthree the game is far good from previous one but while you using power ups like magnetic and you get new one, it's not get the new magnet power.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant, awsome sequel
lensix ratingfive best game i had ever played.!
lensix ratingfive great work guys keep it up.
lenfourteen ratingthree great graphics, good work by imangi studio but not so addictive as temple run.
lenfour ratingthree its a boring game.!
leneleven ratingthree i have collected over 500,000 coins and the meter wont go past 75-80%.
leneleven ratingthree hope this gets fixed so i can move on to level 9.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingone i have the lg thrill amd it wont oppen are yall goin to fix this
lenfive ratingtwo i loved playing this game.
lennine ratingtwo until for some reason it deleted all my stats!
lenfourteen ratingfour looks and works perfectly on my xperia p but sadly, it lacks sensitivity options. :/
lenfour ratingfive best game on android.
lensix ratingfive far better than the other versions.
lentwo ratingfour great environment
lenfive ratingfive but hangs a bit sometimes.
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphics!supetb game
leneight ratingfour brilliant game just needs the tilt sensitivity improved
leneleven ratingfive this game is one of the best games on a phone.
leneight ratingfive very addicting and challenging, with uprgrades and skills.
lentwelve ratingfive it plays really smooth, no lag so far(samsung 4g lte zte avid).
lensix ratingfive i recommend this game to everyone.
lenfive ratingfive jus hit download already!lol.
lenfour ratingfive wes west y'all
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lensix ratingfive great game love the new graphics
lensix ratingfour ok but kinda laggy at times
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour 500,000 gold objective requires 1,000,000 lifetime gold to get?
lensix ratingthree ell done thsekes gerry much bybe
leneleven ratingtwo please fix the sound problem first before think of earning money
lenfive ratingone this game is very laggy.
lenfifteen ratingone i have the samsung galaxy s3 and every time i try to jump i fall off.
lenten ratingfour so cool and much better picture also no bugs yet
lenthree ratingthree david is gay
lenseven ratingfive great game, never fails to entertain me.
leneight ratingtwo it unistalled it's self on my phone
lenfive ratingfour it is a wonderful game
lenfifteen ratingtwo my total meters on the stats are over 1,000,000 , but as far as the goal advancement.
lenthirty ratingtwo pretty notable glitch as this seems to be the ultimate goal of the game, and it takes a long to find out there's some dumb glitch at the end.
lenseventeen ratingfive after installing when i am opening it .it is showing an application error and get closed automatically .
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lenthirteen ratingfour bikin ketagihan tp sayang agak patah2 grafiknya di hp saya jd kurang maksimal mainnya
lentwo ratingfive rated app
lennineteen ratingfive perfect fun game and much better than the previous one in all aspects .gives tough competition to subway surfers .
lennine ratingfive superb game once you get a hang of it
lenten ratingfive i loved temple run, and this is a big improvement.
lensixteen ratingfive works great with not a bit of lag on full graphics settings with my google nexus 4.
leneight ratingfive play this every free second i get xd
lentwo ratingfive nice update.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfive lags a little but i play it all the time in class.
lenseven ratingfive very good game, i just love it
lenten ratingone i have a motorola triumph and it will not load.
lenten ratingone gets stuck on the green"i" page and then closes.
lentwentyseven ratingfive when it says package file is invalid that could mean you're running out of memory so you better uninstall some apps to accommodate this huge file.
lentwentyfour ratingfive if you're using a memory card better transfer files from phone memory to sd card to free up your phone's memory space.
lenfour ratingfive good game when bored
lenthirteen ratingfour the 500000 coins objective doesn't get completed even if you have passed 500000 coins.
lenfour ratingfive awesome and addictive game.!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic games
lenten ratingfive sometimes it stops counting your distance travelled.,. fix this please,.
lensixteen ratingone seems when i get to 4,000 coins it erases my coins down to 1,000 please fix this problem
lentwelve ratingfive it is a brilliant game and is better than the other ones.
lenfive ratingfive it is more life-like.
lenfourteen ratingfour i played this game for a lot of time in my xperia u n s3.
lenthree ratingfour love the game.
lennine ratingfive hi. first of all congratulations for this wonderful game.
lenfourteen ratingfive below r 2 bugs that i hv found that i feel should not be there.
lentwentytwo ratingfive nevertheless its ur game n its ur rules: 1) when the runner hits the road block, it cannot jump for the next 2 seconds.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive 2) when the same powerup appears two times n u take it, the time of the powerup will still remain as of the first one instead of increasing as it happens in the temple run 1.
lentwentythree ratingfive had little hope for this, as i usually download a game, then uninstall it for its boring nature, but i love this one!
lenfour ratingfour very entertaining, good game.
lensix ratingfour perhaps needing some more running maps.
lennine ratingfive worked on tiny htc explorer also.grt work guyzz
lensix ratingthree awesome game but with many bugs.
lentwenty ratingtwo great game, alot of fun the only problem am having is that coins/ jewels keep disagreeing i cant get pass $5000.
leneight ratingtwo its hard.to.upgrade but overall its great
lenfive ratingfour it's an amazing game
leneight ratingfive one of the best game to pass tym.
lensix ratingfive best game for free very entertaining
leneight ratingone gahd its not opening and ends up freezing
leneleven ratingfive this is an awesome game much better than 1 in my opinion.
lentwo ratingfive galaxy siii
lennine ratingfive one of the best series on the mobile market.
lentwentythree ratingfive the only problem i've noticed is poor responsivenes on weaker devices - the application misses some swipe events which can be pretty annoying.
lenten ratingtwo would be better when the major lag issues are fixed
lenfive ratingfive this is a superb game.
lennine ratingthree keeps losing most of my coins - so cannot upgrade.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix this as there's not much point playing at the moment.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwenty ratingfive play store shows d game is compatible but after downloadind it doesn't open on micromax a52 can somebody fix it
lenthirteen ratingthree they make achievements unattainable (1 million lifetime coins?!) to get you to buy stuff.
lenthirtyone ratingone can you fix this app i have a tmobile motorola cliq ii and ot keeps forcloseing at the imangi studios loading screen can play temple run 1 juz cant play temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive sooooo addictive.
leneighteen ratingfour no matter how many re-install i do, it keeps on force closing! -_- ever since the recent update !
lensix ratingfive really a nice one ,aweaome graphics.
lennine ratingfive the last update was fine.until the glitches sta
lentwo ratingfive addictive.indeed.
lenseven ratingfive this is very nice game to play.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive it's runing very slowin xperiya neo v ics 4.0.4 1 ghz processor pls fix the bugs
leneight ratingfive enjoy v good my son 7years says great game
lenfive ratingfour it runs great on my i9000
lennine ratingfive hi this game is excellent hd game  best ever
leneight ratingfive cool game tt i got addicted to it.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive!
lensix ratingtwo i'm beyond frustrated right now.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i am two objectives away from finally getting lv9, however, the game has decided to stop counting score.
lenthirteen ratingtwo the 500k lifetime coins goal is complete but the status bar is stuck halfway.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lentwelve ratingfive is definitely a little harder than the first but not too challenging.
lenfifteen ratingfive one thing i noticed though is the tilt seems to be more stiff than before.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree when try to go back in screen option .can't go.and when game is over.sometimes game is hang on one place.fix this problem and i'll give you 5 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfive i haven't played this yet but i think it is good by the pictures.
lentwentyfive ratingthree updating boost with gems takes your gems ,says its updated but after one game it is back to normal and is no longer fully updated.
lenfour ratingfive i like it alot
lenfive ratingfive entertaining and quite the upgrade.
lenten ratingfive its slightly laggy but it works great 90% of the time.
lentwo ratingfive time pass
lennineteen ratingfour but i'll give 5 stars when we could be able control the cart bay swipe gesture, instead of tilting.!
lennine ratingfive my husband and i are addict to this game
lenfourteen ratingthree hey guys, i m unable to install watsapp on s3 gives ma 403 error any solution
lentwenty ratingtwo the game itself is great and a vast improvent in graphics has been made but it jammed me phone up.
lennine ratingtwo de- installed and will try again and re-rate.
lensix ratingfive awesome game ever on my note 2.
lennineteen ratingfive the unstoppable force temple run remains unstoppable, can't wait for number 3, no other imitation comes close to this!
lenthirteen ratingthree it hangs everytime and the phone gets switched off automatically.fix it plz
lenfive ratingfive really good game and addictive.
lenthree ratingfour sudden consecutive turns 2.
leneight ratingfive i think this new version is pretty cool.
lenseven ratingfive it's a lot more complicated though.
lensixteen ratingfive definitely worth the download, especially if you loved the first one as much as i did.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this second version is also quite a bit more difficult from the start, so that makes it all the more challenging, and takes some getting used to.
lenten ratingfive could use a little more instruction and help initially though.
lenfive ratingfour good but tample run 1 best
lennine ratingone htc desire, can't get past the loading screen
leneight ratingfour my head start paining but still good game
lentwenty ratingfour this is one of the best mobile phn game i ever played.very very addictive n simply love dis gamr
lenfour ratingfour temple run 1 was better .
lennine ratingfour the contrast and sharpness of this one is poor .
lensix ratingfour but still a good time killer
lenten ratingfour if only magnets still had a doubler when fully upgraded.
lenseven ratingfour now its just a longer lasting magnet
lenfour ratingfive its fun to play.
lenthree ratingfive runs very smooth
lenfive ratingfive the best running game period.
lennine ratingfour it is a good game but the sound sucks
lenseven ratingfive excellent game excellent game more than temple
lentwo ratingthree improve sensitivity
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphics, physics, ux.
lennineteen ratingfour i am happy with this game but according to me first game was better i dont like its background
lentwentytwo ratingfive latest update still have a stuck circumnavigator objective (i completed it already before the first update but the duplicate is still there) 2.
lenfifteen ratingfive powerups of d same kind do not refresh when you pick a new one up 3.
lennine ratingfive it's possible to mess up the characters orientation.
lennineteen ratingfive this is very hard 2 reproduce but it's possible if you land safely from a would be fatal fall
lennineteen ratingfour the game play is great, however,  there are a little bugs around once you reach the mine cart area.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and smooth running.
leneleven ratingfive vry good graphics and lots of new feautures in the game.
leneight ratingfive best about this game, it is free 2 play!
lensix ratingfive amazing game after a long time!
lensix ratingfive fun games add in more challenges!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirty ratingfour coin magnet doesn't triple the coins like in temple run 1.overall a nice addictive game with a few glitches here n there.hope d devs will fix it soon!
lenthree ratingfive great games ands
lenseven ratingone please fix for galaxy tab p1000 it only!
lenthirtysix ratingone displays imangi   studios then 7 seconds later returns me to the hone screen please fix i saw this on my friends ipad3 it looked awesome but again it doesnt work but the first one does please update for p1000 :-)!
leneleven ratingfive amazing game, i hope it doesn't start asking for money
lenseven ratingfive i played it nicer than previous one
lenfive ratingfive excellent game i must say
lentwentynine ratingfive this game is better than the first game  if i were to rate the first game it would rate at 2 stars but this game has earned a maximum score.
lenfourteen ratingfive the monkeyy is more intimidating and it is much harder and it ewrns 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive its a five star game
lenseven ratingfive super game:-):-):-) specialy in sony experia mobiles
lensix ratingfive brilliant game but needs better graphics
lennine ratingfive this is looking purely gorgeous on my note 2 screen.
lenfive ratingfive smooth graphics and excellent textures.
lenthirteen ratingfive people who are complaining about the stuttering and lags please upgrade your phone.
lensixteen ratingfive this game works flawlessly on my note 2 even with the visual effects set to the "best"
lenthree ratingfive great job developers.
lenseven ratingfive i'm now addicted to this game.
lenthree ratingfive hard to control
lenthree ratingfive nice amaging game
lensix ratingfour it could be a lot better.:(
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing.
lenthree ratingfive also highly addictive.
lentwenty ratingfive now i can give it 50 stars.can u add new feature for submit score on internet for world wide users.
lenfour ratingfive i have score 40 lakhs.
leneight ratingfour great improvisation in content, game plan, graphics, rules.
lensix ratingfour as gripping as the earlier version.
lentwelve ratingthree it dosen't tilt and i reset my phone and nothing works.
lensixteen ratingfive finallyy it's here =) loved it on my ipad and i love it on my note 2.
lenfifteen ratingfive i lost my data once but thanks to titanium backup =)  get a good device people
lensixteen ratingone i believe that this game was a fake thing,cant download even i download it 20 times
lenseven ratingfive now i m addicted with this game.
lenseven ratingfive love to spent time playing this game.
lentwo ratingfive sooo goood
lenfive ratingfive kerenn.menarik bgt nie hame
lentwelve ratingfour games really fun i enjoy the goals but lags on kyocera rise.
lenthirteen ratingfour i don't however like not being able to see objectives in game
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i hv ever played
lentwentyone ratingfive the graphics has been greatly enhanced its very fluid with no lag and its much much better on android that ios.
lenthirteen ratingfive excellent game.but when i re-installed it for update i lost everything.:(
lensix ratingfive i love d game.superb graphics
lenten ratingfour like the title says not a bad game at all.
lennine ratingfour feels like it could be so much better though
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics
lenfive ratingfive you must download this game
leneleven ratingfive boss i mist tell u i m addicted.ohhhhhhh my god
lensix ratingfive best running game i ever played
lenten ratingfour it has more things to do than on temple run 1.
lensix ratingfour this app is glitchy at times.
lennine ratingthree can we have montana smith in this game too?
lenfive ratingfive best game in android ever.
lentwo ratingfive awsm game
lennine ratingfive good graphics better performance but still needs more objectives .
leneighteen ratingfive there is something wrong with the 500,000 lifetime coins objective, gold miner", because it will not finish no matter what.
lentwentyeight ratingfive my 1,000,000 lifetime coins objective, midas touch", the indicator that tells you how far you are, is already passing it since i have 600,000 coins which is more than 500,000 coins obviously.
lenten ratingfive i still love this game but please fix the problem.
lensixteen ratingfive this is much better then all of the teple run everyone will live this app thanks
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lennine ratingfive when i feel boring i  usually play the game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingtwo one minute i have 3000 coins then the next i have 500?!
lenseventeen ratingtwo needs fixing as there's no point in the game if u can't buy the upgrades.
lensix ratingfour great time passer also very addicting
lenten ratingfour thought that this was an addictive game and thoroughly enjoyable.
lensixteen ratingfour my only criticism is that the objective of collecting 500,000 coins doesn't seem to work properly.
lenfourteen ratingfour it's stuck 3/4 of the way along the bar despite me having 577,000 odd coins.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the objective for 1,000,000 is also past half way so i'm perplexed at why i haven't been given the 500,000 objective yet.
lenfifteen ratingfour once this gets amended then i would have no hesitation on providing it with 5 stars.
lensixteen ratingfive aveti cam acelasi joc dar cu o grafica mai urata dar jocul vostru este mai usor
lensix ratingthree i happened to reset my phone.
lenfour ratingthree like all stuff deleted.
lensixteen ratingthree but when i restored my phone i saw that i lost all my coins and upgrades.
lenseven ratingthree its not like this with other game.
lenthree ratingthree like lane splitter.
lentwentyfour ratingthree etc i mean these games can restore all previous history(coins, upgrades. etc)  i really hope you guys come out with a update asap
lenfortyeight ratingfour temple run 2 is a exciting game and it's definitely better than the first one though, one bad thing about the two of them is they take ages to load and it isn't my phone because i have an ipad and it still takes forever to load!
lensix ratingfour please fix bugs on lt18i ics-rooted.
lenfive ratingthree great, now give us updates!
lennine ratingthree playing casually i've already nearly maxed out everything.
leneleven ratingfive still the best looking game on my phone, just looks gorgeous!
lenseven ratingfive i love the mine carts as well!
lenthree ratingfive love the game :):
lennine ratingfour but it keeps lag spiking before corners and jumps!
lenthree ratingfour makes it difficult!
lenfourteen ratingfour i have been using this for one week and d experience is very awesome.
lentwenty ratingfour only problem i have is coins i am collecting each time has been gone and it is starting from 0 again.
lentwelve ratingfour bcos of this i am not able to upgrade the power ups. :-(
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
leneight ratingfive best android game on earth n else were!
leneight ratingfive make me stick my fingers into the screen.
lentwelve ratingfive simply better, smother, (and easier, because the gem use) than the predecessor.
leneight ratingfive upgrade from the old one really enjoyed it.
lennine ratingfour its a good game u wil enjoy it alot .
leneleven ratingthree way better then temple run one.grafix all great.nice game
lennine ratingfour coin doubler still not working even after fresh installation :(
lentwelve ratingfive i have lost my game data, completed objectives and many more things.
lenfive ratingfive amazing but s few bugs
lenfour ratingthree we need tilt calibration.
lenseventeen ratingthree it's impossible to play while laying on your back because the tilt controls don't work.
lentwelve ratingthree you need to be sitting and the screen must be positioned upwards.
lenthree ratingthree very bad programming.
lenfifteen ratingfour this game really awesome but zack wonder dint have.so i give you guys 4 stars
lentwo ratingfour superb game.
lenseven ratingfour but it drains my battery a lot.
lenseven ratingfive all i want to say is fun
lenthree ratingfive love temple run 2.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenseven ratingtwo it lags very badly on my phone.
leneleven ratingtwo & sometimes game get paused automatically & screen becomes blank for few seconds.
lennine ratingfour its lags and glitches soo much soo slow anoying
lenseven ratingfour pretty nice game, but needs some improvements.
lenfifteen ratingfour the android system has a back button, why are you duplicating that functionality on screen?
leneight ratingfour the screen transitions aren't very intuitive either.
lentwenty ratingfour also, if you pick up a magnet while having one already active, it is wasted rather than renewing the timer.
lenten ratingfour also, we should be able to sync stats across devices.
lentwentynine ratingtwo i have cleared few levels and had 30k coins but today this game got stuck and now all my coins have gone:(  this game will get 5 stars after the fix.
lentwentyfive ratingfive good gameplay no lag issue, just for the game system try letting the magnet time to be renewed from pickup when magnet is in use
lensix ratingfour try to decrease game performance please
leneleven ratingfour a little bit buggy and the controls are not that smooth.
lenthree ratingfour great sequel though
lenfifteen ratingtwo the game was previously great but after the update thr is a lot of lag!
lenfive ratingtwo please look into it -note 2
lentwentytwo ratingfive nemtudom kinek milyen a telefonja es hiabamondjak h ne mondjuk h szar telo erdekes az en galaxy notee om on tokeletesen fut.
lennine ratingfive igaz lehetne erzekenyebb is a futasa de amugy 5*program
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneighteen ratingthree original game had sensitivity option, this one hasn't, so hard to get runner to move left&right. :'(
lenthree ratingfive temple run new 2
lenfour ratingfour nice game to play.
lennine ratingone why i cant donwload this app to my galaxytab!
lensixteen ratingfive the game is awesome, but i miss the possibility to disable powerups once i bought them
lenthree ratingfive amazing and fun
lenseventeen ratingfive i lost all my data from the previous update.so i have start all over again.wtf !
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lensix ratingfive better than the first game  \m/
lennine ratingfive very very nice, works well with my galaxy s3 mini.
lennine ratingfive brings real enjoyment when playing it, good work devs
lenfive ratingfour cool game good time killer
leneight ratingfour unbelievably fun and great for long car journeys.
lenfifteen ratingfour only problem is that i sometimes just fly of the edge for no reason whatsoever.
lensix ratingfive great sequel,waiting for temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingone after waiting and waiting for updates and still doesnt fix the force close.
lennine ratingone im uninstalling and looking.else where for a game.
lentwenty ratingone beware: samsung infuse 4g users, the game wont work always force closes uninstalled and installed waited for the updates still nothing.
lensix ratingone a whole lot of garbage here.
lenfive ratingone look else where for games
lenthirtytwo ratingfour love this game but it can get extremely laggy meaning that anything i do like jump or duck doesnt happen and i end up getting caught or falling off, losing my score.
lenfifteen ratingthree upto level 7 game was good but my game is stucked to level 8 objective "gold miner"
lenfive ratingthree that is 500000 life time coins.
lennineteen ratingthree although i have life time coins reached to around 600000, the objective progress bar never moves forward while "midas touch"
lenfour ratingthree progess seems moving forward.
lennineteen ratingthree even coin fill bar behave some time add on start of game it looks filled up not predicted way.
leneleven ratingfour amazing but i cant go on the mines any idea why
lentwo ratingfive temple run
leneighteen ratingone when i'm downloading it says "could not be downloaded due an error please fix it . .bad game
lentwelve ratingfour i have reached till 8 level and there are only 2 objective to complete.
lenfour ratingfour 1st lifetime meter 2nd lifetime coins.
lentwenty ratingfour please add new objective like it was happening from 1st level:- if you will complete one objective, the second will come.
lenfour ratingfour please add new objective
lenseven ratingtwo its sometimes boring but really nice sometimes
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneighteen ratingtwo i love this game but i'm upset that everything has been lost due to this new update.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i wish i would have read some of these comments before i updated.
lenten ratingfive xperia arc s wonder ful game full grapics good game
lenthree ratingfive awsome stunning beauty
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingthree nice start
lenfive ratingfive nice scenery and fun game.
lenfive ratingfour i like the new version.
lentwentythree ratingfour when we get same powerup for 2 times in a row then time of second powerup doesn't add to the time of first.
lenseven ratingfour then whats the use of second powerup .
lennine ratingfive i love this game.the game is smoothly played
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive so addictive and i cant stop playing
lenfive ratingfive ilove this game so much !
lentwentythree ratingthree im at level 8 n collected over 700000 lifetime coins but still its showing that 500k coin objective is incomplete n it iz still stuck there.
lenseven ratingfive awesomely addictive can't put this down!
lensix ratingfive better the first hopefully get more.
lenfive ratingfour the game meets all expectations.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenfourteen ratingfour givin a 4 star due 2 some glitched that causes it 2 crash or be super slow.
lenthree ratingfour very cool game.
lenfive ratingfour two thumbs up for imangi
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and fun
lenfour ratingfive i like this game!.
lenthree ratingfive bigger,better,faster
lenseven ratingfive very addictive and a nice time killer .
lenthirteen ratingone this game is a copy of pitfall that game is much more intresting
lensix ratingfive truly adventurous and fully enjoyable game
lenfourteen ratingfive great imanji : ) : ) uve really re made temple run and boy uve made it better!
lentwelve ratingfive 1 complaint though a bit laggy which can cause me to randomly die
lentwo ratingfour nic game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseventeen ratingfour need to make the gems more shiny as the graphic of it looks dead and annoys me!
lenfive ratingfour great concept keep it up
lentwo ratingfive totally addicted
lennine ratingfive game i was searching for a game like this.
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing, one of the best games i have played this year
lenthirteen ratingtwo first of all the tilting isn't as  good as it was before.
lentwenty ratingtwo but its a great game but for me to give it five stars just fix the tilting please thank you
lentwenty ratingfour please fix the tilt sensitivity; it gets frustrating having to tilt the phone so much. >.< then it'll be 5 stars.
leneight ratingfive this is the best game i ever played.
lentwo ratingfive love itt
lentwentysix ratingone dont know what happened but i have cleared the 500000 life time coins but still the objective is stuck at half.and also   bring back resurrect wings
leneight ratingfour controls aren't always 100% responsive, but otherwise excellent.
lenfive ratingfive the temple run 2 is here
lensix ratingfive excellent game really addicted to it.
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy note
leneleven ratingfour time flies when i start playing it.that much its good
lentwo ratingfive worthy update.
lenfour ratingfive indispensable android escape time.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensixteen ratingfive omg it is soo cool :-) got all the people who u had 2 buy its jst amazing ;-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
leneight ratingthree plz add facebook sync for competing with frnds.
lentwo ratingfour fun 2 play
lenfifteen ratingthree it seems as if every temple run that comes out will always glitch and lag.
lentwelve ratingthree temple run 2 is a good game just lags from here to there.
lentwelve ratingone doesnt work on my lg optimus 3d waited for 30mins but still not opening
lenfourteen ratingfive after playing this, when i switched over to tr1.it just seems plain.amazing graphics!
lensixteen ratingfive an epic game in its category.all others out there.subway,granny etc. suck big time.!
leneight ratingfive just improve some glitches.like the powerup one.
lentwentytwo ratingfive its mostly ur device's fault.except for the score issue.try creating some free space and free memory for game installation.!
lenthree ratingfive epic so awsome
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenseventeen ratingfive i love the game but i won't update it since most people had their stats reset.
lennine ratingfive i think this works perfectly on the samsung tab 10.1
lenfour ratingfour need more power ups
lennine ratingthree it's only for time pass not so good
lenthirty ratingfive omg jst spectacular grapics and the leves and the  gemss.jst awsem a lot better dan the first 1 bt bth are still awesm games keep up the work imangi studioes
lenfour ratingfive i need to poop
lensix ratingfive love the challenges and hard levels.
leneight ratingfive makes it harder to get through each one.
lenfive ratingfive the additional extras are awesome.
lentwenty ratingthree its a nice game but so slow in the turnings and jumping and sliding but its better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive im obsessed with the game :)
lenthirteen ratingfive concept is also a lot gud and different frm tr and tr: brave.
lenthree ratingfive awesm. :) luv it <3
leneleven ratingone game doesn't want to start after a couple of plays.
lenseven ratingone i lost all my coins for nothing.
leneleven ratingone update they just released did not fix this problem at all.
lenten ratingfive this new and improved version features updated graphics and gameplay.
leneleven ratingfive i have download it bcoz temple run is a good game
leneighteen ratingfive i play this on my friends mobile (galaxy s) it is an awsome game waiting fr its download.
lenthree ratingfour return my coin.
lenseven ratingfour after the update ny coin start from 0.
lenfive ratingfour but overall it still nice
lenfour ratingfive completed all the missions.
lenfour ratingfive add new missions please.
lennine ratingfive please post me wen is the next version/update !
lenfive ratingfive excellent work by imangi studios
lentwelve ratingfive i wouldn't say it was the best game but its good
lenfourteen ratingfive thanks to all of you,those behind this amazing game.the unbeatable "temple run"!
lennine ratingfour thanks a ton for fixing the screen error, devs!
lentwo ratingfour lags sometimes.
lenseven ratingfour but the tilt controls are not responsive.
lenseventeen ratingfour please add a sensitivity button so that we can decide how responsive the controls and tilts are.
lenfour ratingfour force closes at times.
lennine ratingfour hoping the next update makes the tilts more responsive.
lenfive ratingfour then i'll give 5 starts.
lentwelve ratingfive beautiful game with an ever changing environment and constantly increasing speed & difficulty.
leneight ratingfive stop reading about it and play it already!
lenfour ratingone it is sooooo laggy!
lentwentyfour ratingone it freezes and there is no way to get over 100000 points because when it starts to go faster the game can't keep up.
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy the new advancement!
lenfive ratingfive it's challenging and fun!
lenfour ratingfive the best game everrrrr
lenthirteen ratingfour i love the game, and its fun but: i can jump on hills!
lentwentyfour ratingfour if there is a diamond there or a power up i will go to jump up to get it and the character wont jump.
lensix ratingfive very good game and grafic cool
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lenseven ratingfour i like it better than the 1st one.
lenfive ratingfour very smooth and no lag.
lenfifteen ratingfour only problem that i encounter is sometimes when i pickup a speedboost it doesnt end.
lenfifteen ratingfour it keeps running very fast though the auto turning is gone so i keep falling.
lenten ratingone i have tried to install this app several times unsuccessfully.
lentwelve ratingone i love the first version and never had a problem with it.
lensix ratingone then i will change my review.
lenseven ratingfive don't work on the samsung infuse 4g
lensix ratingfour love it better then the first.
lensix ratingfour temple run  was better than this
lenthree ratingfive i like itttttt
lenfive ratingone not running on motorola defy mb525
lenfive ratingfour more challenging than its predecessor
lennine ratingtwo after update it stil dont open again pleas fix
lenthree ratingfive game is marvellous
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lensixteen ratingone bhanchod sala chodiya chutpaduda i only have90mb in my phone  chutiya do something  loda jaldi karje bhosmarino
lenfour ratingthree simble,data is gone
leneight ratingfive just awesome, quite repetitive but perfect for commuting
lenseventeen ratingfive it's an awesome game, beside i have the highest score among my friends, i love it!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive its nice app
lentwo ratingfive owsome game
lenthree ratingfour very nice game .
lentwelve ratingfour works very good on my galaxy s. bt at times hangs also .
lenseven ratingfour will give 5 star if datz sorted out.
lentwo ratingthree ok ok
lenten ratingfive if you dont have it.get it.your missing out.
lensixteen ratingfive and if you think the first temple run was good.wait til u play temple run 2.
lenthree ratingfive great job guys.
lentwentynine ratingthree instead of the graphics  glitching the whole time i'm playing the game how about it glitch on something useful like, hum, i don't know an unlimited magnet?
leneight ratingthree i prefer the first temple run  over this.
lentwentyfour ratingthree oh yeah, how come its nearly impossible to tilt the screen, don't i need to do that in order to play the game?
lennineteen ratingfive it has way more graphics i luv the less people and i love the swing part at the beginning
lensix ratingthree i complete the objective of 500k coins.
lenseven ratingthree but it's shows half metre full
lenfourteen ratingfive it is relly nice from u to make this game relly attractive thnj you
lenthree ratingfour very addictive game.
lenfourteen ratingfour the graphic are excellent and the game play is improved from previous temple run.
leneight ratingfour smooth frame rate and a lot of fun.
lensixteen ratingfour still, i find the double coin pricing is too high (wanted to support the developers though).
lenten ratingfour well, i can earn them the slow and fun way.
lenthree ratingfive really exiting game
lensix ratingfive easy controls and very addictive game.
lenthirteen ratingfive although i have to start over it worked better on my xperia miro.
lenfive ratingfive no more lags at last.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lensix ratingfive using on galaxys2 best game played ever
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playin
lenfourteen ratingone it bounces back to the homescreem uhhh realy irrtating tell me what to do
lenfive ratingfive excellent game i must say
lentwentyfive ratingfive love the game very creative and those who have so much to say should create a game since your complaining so much about little things!
lenfifteen ratingfive it freezes from time to time while i'm playing but overall love the game.
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooo cool!
lenfive ratingfive it is an awsome game
lentwelve ratingthree love this game but just updated and the lag is now worse.
lenfour ratingthree can barely play it!
leneight ratingthree was really enjoying this and now its ruined!
lensix ratingfive brain tonic refreshing game good job
lenseventeen ratingfour i like the second chance idea, but maybe lower the cost of bringing yourself back to life.
lenfour ratingfour i die once, fine.
lensix ratingfour i die again, not enough emeralds!
leneleven ratingfour but aside from all that, you're doing a great job.
lensix ratingfour nice game but it freezes sometimes
lennine ratingthree i live this game better then its first one.
leneight ratingfive never had such a gaming experience on tab.
lenfive ratingfive anyone can play it, unlike tr1.
lenseven ratingfive only demerit is its so enormously addictive.
lenseven ratingfive you cant let it go so easily.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirtynine ratingthree i like this game,it is better thn the 1st version,but i feel it do not enough sensitive enough,whn i enter cave,i tilt my phone,it can't respond fast,so i die every time in cave
lennineteen ratingfive yup good game no lags or nothing it will just lag on you if you have a crapy phone
lensix ratingfive i love this game soooooooo much!
lenseven ratingfive it's so nice i love it?
lentwentyone ratingfour i really love temple run but the people don't even run as fast as the first temple run soo.4 stars ****
lenfour ratingfive fixed fo qvga 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lensixteen ratingfive people who complain, make sure your phone's in compliance before berating the developers with complaints.
lennine ratingfive the game have nice graphics.& many more new features.
leneight ratingone its so boring looking for a good game?
lenthree ratingone try subway surfers
leneleven ratingfive just awesome.i c my patience for the 2nd version paid off.
leneleven ratingfive this game is a fun time killer, you gotta love it.
lenten ratingfive it's definitely a must-get for a hardcore gamer.
lenfifteen ratingfour plz fix imangi studios starting logo .it does nt fit to d live with walkman
lenseven ratingfive i love it.very addictive.and fun!
lenseven ratingthree good update of the device back button.
lenten ratingthree but when taking power ups second one is getting discarded :(
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingone always hang and crashesss.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfour i liked the game very much but.
lensixteen ratingfour when i was doing objectives, i wanted to know how many did i left to do.
lensix ratingfour however, that meter those not tell.
leneight ratingfour same like the others.   : { overall, it is alright.
lenten ratingfive xperia arc s wonder ful game full grapics good game
leneleven ratingfive there are no annoying ads, nagging pop ups or worrying bugs.
lenten ratingfive it doesn't hurt that it runs like a dream.
lenthree ratingfive nice work, imangi!
lentwentyeight ratingthree after the objective i completed the 5000 metets or whatever it wont let me save coins i love the game but fix this glitch so i can  continue playing!
lentwentynine ratingfive i didn't think they could improve on it's predecessor much, but i'm glad to say that i was proved wrong, it's definitely raised the bar!
lentwelve ratingfive it's certainly a lot more addictive and a lot more fun!
leneleven ratingfive i jst luv this game, my highscore is more then 12000000 :p
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfour i love this version, especially thw mines.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely awesome
lenfortysix ratingfive i have been anticipating this for ages, and i was not let down - amazing new graphics and lovely new features like the rope and mineshafts, plus the added scare of the giant monkey - works smoothly and perfectly on my samsung galaxy ace 2, five stars from me <3
lenfour ratingfive best temple run ever
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run .
lenten ratingfour temple run 2 has set a new bar for android games.
leneight ratingfive get cheat at unlimted coin cheat at android
leneighteen ratingone i don't know where i am half the time and when i slide it makes me dizzy
lentwelve ratingfive manque pause de jeux quand le telephone sonne svp regler le probleme
lenseven ratingone dnt work n my phone +rubbish=crap
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfourteen ratingfive please develop a windows phone version, currently using windows phone as my primary device
lenfive ratingfive must have.in smart phone.
lenthree ratingfive 0888906299 ra jun asked
lenseven ratingfive ups &downs and swinging by the ropes.
lenseventeen ratingfive plundering the treasure and being chased by king kong is what i like more from its predecessor.
lenfive ratingfour the tilting is very bad.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentyeight ratingfive this is really helpful  loveit and if u like or love temple run, any angry grans or any subway surfers then you will lov this so please install
lennineteen ratingtwo cada que termin?de jugar no me guarda las monedas para prximas partidas, empiezan de cero cada vez que juego
lensix ratingfive sweet game to pass some time
lennineteen ratingone this game lags way too much, the game is good but there is no pleasure with all the lagging!
lenthree ratingfive a great sequel.
lenthree ratingfive realy good game
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lenfour ratingfive was waiting eagerly for ! :*
lensix ratingfive the mines are just insanely hard
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
leneleven ratingfive like it but the tilting is always stucks.now its ok
lenfive ratingfour this version is so exciting
lenten ratingfour bring back the sensitivity adjustment.and fix the lag problems
lennine ratingfive very addictive and loads more fun than rheefirst version.
lentwentytwo ratingfive although there can be some lag, start the app, go to task manager, clear ram, then restart and it will run smoothly.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it is a awesome app and its like bringing temple run to a new level they need to make temple run 3 and 4
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
lennine ratingfive the game is very entertaining and measures your attentiveness.
lentwelve ratingfive it is way better than the first one and great new features
lenfifteen ratingfour great game, jus wish u cld save instead of having to redo all the time.
lenten ratingone it still crashes on opening on my samsung gs sch i500
lenthree ratingfive the perfect game
lenten ratingfive it is do fun and super challenging in my mind
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfour yes, epic graphics and all since the first, but glitches totally ruin it.
lenthree ratingfour performance is standard.
lentwelve ratingfour accelerometer sensitivity could be higher (or better yet, return the setting back!).
leneleven ratingfour and postgame screen shows too many animations within a tiny timeframe.
lentwo ratingfour bad design.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lenfour ratingfour coin go down randomly
lenfifteen ratingfour takes a little bit to get used to it but its very fun and addicting!
lenfifteen ratingfour some games have a lag and it causes you to die or miss a powerup.
lentwentynine ratingfour i had purchased almost every bonus and then it suddenly wouldn't open anymore - had to start over, but its a fun game so i'm not too frustrtaed.
lensix ratingfive really cool and fun love it
lenthree ratingfive beauty of gems.
lenfive ratingone this game does not wooorrrrkkkk!
lenfortysix ratingone i had downloaded,uninstalled,and re-installed soo many times i cannot count i havent even got to the home screen of the game before it froze and forces me out of the game everytime please fix this! .i have a galaxy s by the way
lenseven ratingone keeps closing every time i open it
lenthree ratingfive cool and adictive,
lenfive ratingthree nice game but hangs sometimes. .
lentwentyfour ratingthree also,  say i have a powerup ( boost) and i pick up another boost before the first one is over , it discards the second one.
lenseven ratingthree u need to atleast restart the timer.
leneight ratingfive very addictive, great game for adults and children
lensix ratingone my phone wont load the app.
leneleven ratingfive the game is like it was never before with exciting adventure
lensix ratingfive great game no problems at all.
leneighteen ratingfour it's a fun way to waste time.could be better but way better than the first version
lenfour ratingfour better than temple run 1
lenfifteen ratingtwo the charm of the original temple run was just way more awesome and more fun!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensixteen ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix i cant wait for the update
lenthirtyfive ratingone seriously guys like wtf you made temple run even worse i haven't been able to play it since january if you don't fix it soon i'm uninstalling and not really downloading it
lensixtyseven ratingthree there is an objective at level 8 in which one has to collect 500,000 life time coins and i have collected almost 525,000 life time coins.but wat i see in my objective menu is tat i haven't collected enough coins to complete tat objective.i am still 75,000 coins short.whereas my stats menu shows tat i have 525000 coins.so please fix tat bug.then get ur 5 star rating
lenfive ratingfive looking forward for the 3rd installment
lenten ratingthree it slows down and freezes to much.besides that amazing!
leneight ratingfive it requires more attention than the previous version.
leneleven ratingfive but its soooo cool to play it with lots of graphics.
leneight ratingfive but the phone gets heated up very fast
lentwelve ratingone i downloaded it 3 times and updated 1, and still it will not load.
lennine ratingone wasn't worth the time or mb to try.
lentwentysix ratingthree i've been a big fan of temple run and i'm impressed by the graphics and idea of temple run 2 but it lags a lot! !
leneleven ratingthree i have iphone 4s and 5 and it doesn't lag on them!
lenseven ratingthree but it lags a lot on my s3
lentwelve ratingfive i have not play it but it look very fun to me
lenseven ratingfive great fun you need to try it
lenten ratingfour not the best but a good way to waste time.
lenseven ratingfour lots of fun - even for adult types.
lenfour ratingfour careful, can be addicting.
lenthree ratingfive love this app!
leneight ratingfive there are a few quirks but otherwise awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive the only complaint i have is the run can be sluggish sometimes
lennine ratingfive this game is great,  it is fun and addictive.
leneight ratingfive runs flawlessly with no lag on my nexus 4
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 rules  and epic game
lentwentyone ratingfive this is soo better than temple run 1 it doesn't glitch or lag and the characters are so much better looking!
lennine ratingfive it is very good game on tablet for playing
leneight ratingfive much better than the last one on android
lentwenty ratingtwo after the update, i can only can run in straight line, no matter how hard i try tilting my device.
lenfour ratingtwo i love the game.
lensix ratingtwo so much better than temple run.
leneleven ratingtwo the only problem is that i hate losing from the lag.
lenfourteen ratingtwo it keeps freezing the game for a second and makes me die every time.
lenthirteen ratingtwo gold is also really hard to get or the shop is way overpriced.
lenthirteen ratingtwo please make a extreme low quality option for my phone and several others.
lennine ratingtwo if possible please also make this game too easy.
lentwelve ratingfour nice game but lacks in tilting while u r in d cave
lensix ratingfour the tilt is not sensitive enough.
lenthree ratingfive awesome time passer,
lenfourteen ratingthree its a cuul game but it hangs too frequently and it lags occassionally too.
lenten ratingthree the game is not paused to resume following a call.
lenthirteen ratingthree i have had to restart and lose my scores for that particular game.
lenseven ratingfive i love it better than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingone whenever i open the game, it loads too long, then force closes automatically
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than the first
lensixteen ratingfour easy to pick up and play, trying to beat your high score is always pretty addictive.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.ultimate pleasure.
lenfive ratingone subway surfers is well better!
lenfourteen ratingfive it keeps you busy if your bored its and endless game with endless fun
lenfive ratingfive cool game, easy to play
lenseven ratingone after update its not smooth like before.
lensixteen ratingfive its very awesome game actually.very nice to play so that i am giving five star
lenseven ratingthree its a fun game but it lags
leneight ratingfour it is a simple game for android mobiles.
lensix ratingfour you can enjoy the game well.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfour nothing like anythings.
lenthirteen ratingthree don't bother buying the coin doubler it is 4.99 and it does nothing!
lenthirteen ratingthree emailed them several times and they still won't get back to me.
lenten ratingthree but to play as a free game it is ok
lenfour ratingfive fun and very challenging
lensix ratingone please  fix for the lg thrill
lenten ratingone constant freezes, doesn't work well on android at all
leneight ratingtwo it hangs very often.and its so frustrating!
lenthree ratingfive game to play
lenfour ratingtwo unistalled  just one map
lenfive ratingone it takes time to download
lensix ratingthree it stucks continuesly on my lg l5
lenthree ratingfive amazing super addicting.
lentwo ratingfive nice game .
lenfour ratingfive good for time kill
lenfive ratingfive new temple run is dope.
lennineteen ratingfour gave 4 star because it stucks in my xperia neo v . nd some of the background apps closing while playing
lenthirteen ratingthree we can use on 4 to 5 save me in the game please fix it
lensixteen ratingthree yes it's a very nice game bt need to improve a bit on some places.
lensix ratingfive this may be my addicting mode!
lenfifteen ratingtwo whenever i play it stops i have to restart my tablet this is not good
lenfiftynine ratingfour awesome graphics, route and very good control but i have only one problem that path is yellowish background is also yellowish and  trees & coins are also yellowish sometimes there is no distinct difference between all these things    and whenever i switched off the game and restart it i lost my all coins earned in previeous game plz fix it
lennineteen ratingfive i am not a fan before, but when i tried tr 2 i got hooked and can't stop playing.
lentwentyeight ratingfour for the objectives like 'score 1 million points without powerups', some of the powerups are placed so that you cant avoid them e.g. when jumping over a stream.
lenfifteen ratingfour it makes achievement difficult based only on hopefully not getting a powerup over that area.
lenthirteen ratingfive please add sensitivity options in the settings for easier steering on the minecart.
lentwentyfour ratingfour update is nt fully satisfaction.before update my points are always lost wen i go back but now its happen sometimes only.fix bug
lennine ratingfive this game is challenging, fun and addicting love it!
lenseven ratingfive no lag and all on my note 2.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a real cool game waayyy better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfive i love playing this game.my daughter downloaded this game for me.
lenthirteen ratingfour temple run 2 is more fun than the original game and just as addictive!
lennine ratingfour its the best game i've downloaded in months.
lenfive ratingfour the tilting could be better.
lenfifteen ratingfour when you use the power up then find a pick up ,it doesn't restart.
lennine ratingfive good game but need more people and more mapa
lenfive ratingtwo jump does not always respond.
lennine ratingtwo collecting new powerup does not restart the powerup timer.
leneight ratingfive this game i awesome it is also cool
lenfive ratingfive looks great and still addictive!
lentwelve ratingfour game runs great on the htc one x, love the new challenges.
lenthirty ratingfour one problem i've experienced is, if u upgrade the score multiplier, especially in the last 2 increments, it says should increase by 4 or 5, but multiplier increases only by 1 every time.
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is good but needs work on the tilting it really fun though
lenfive ratingfive awesome variants full on blast
leneleven ratingfour a lot of changes from the part 1 but there some lags.
lenthirteen ratingone i has downloaded the game but i am unable to play the game.
lensix ratingone is it supports for htc explorer
lenfour ratingfive nice .with good graphics .
lentwo ratingfour fun game:-)
lensix ratingfive having loads n loads of fun
lenten ratingfive this one is so much better with the different terrain.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i used to wish that they had a lot more terrain but i almost never played because it was kind of boring.
lenfive ratingfive i like it vety much
lenfour ratingone waste fix it properly
leneighteen ratingfour not sure the tilt sensors are quite right but it's rather more fun than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive nice game guys .
lenfourteen ratingthree the game not get resume after pressing the mobile home buttonin galaxy s advance.
lenten ratingfive i gve evr had such a game in my mobile.
lenthree ratingfive a fantastic game!
lenthree ratingthree love the game!
lennine ratingthree will give five stars when you fix the objectives.
lenfour ratingfive amazing game, extremely addictive!
lenthree ratingfive nice and easy
lentwo ratingfour brilliant game
lentwentysix ratingfour awsome game would have given 5 stars but if a phone comes then the game restarts of beganing.developers need to work on this for tablet users
leneleven ratingfive this version if temple run is even greater than the first!
lenfive ratingfive this game is too addictive.
lenthree ratingfive have fun playing
lensixteen ratingtwo it would have been 5 stars but i cant download it on my phone due to error.
lenseven ratingtwo it is great on my asus tf101 tablet
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfifteen ratingfive if it would go in both ways then it would be more fun to play
lennine ratingfour after this update all of my data has gone.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingone the entire game is too laggy.
lenseven ratingone no matter how many times i tried.
lentwentytwo ratingone because of the lag, when running out from a cave with the train, i got myself outside running "still by the train".
lenseven ratingone i couldn't do jump nor slide.
lenseven ratingone because you guys lied about bux fix.
leneighteen ratingfive i love it some people say its really really hard but is not that hard i love it ^^
lentwo ratingone constant lags.
lennine ratingone this game should only be played on apple devices.
lentwo ratingfive exciting game
leneighteen ratingone its almost impossible to complete all of the objectives unless you are going to play something like 2000 games!
lentwentyfour ratingthree i would gladly give this 5 stars.but i purchased coins for the game.was charged for them and still haven't seen them credited.
lenten ratingfive nice graphics, but this phone doesn't pay it smooth
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lennine ratingfive it's a good game but difficult to play.
lenfourteen ratingfive and  when i unlocked scarlet fox she looked quiet funny not like a girl.
lensix ratingfive great game, no complaints at all.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game but it needs more.new things and also.coin doubler
leneight ratingfour vry nc.just that diamond thing is irritating.
lentwo ratingfive extremely fun
lenfifteen ratingthree when the game becomes as polished as the first, i would consider changing the review.
lentwenty ratingthree tilting is not as responsive as the first and timers need to reset on power ups when grabbed in succession.
leneight ratingfive very neat, i'm enjoying this new chapter.
lenfive ratingfive works great on my samsung.
lenfour ratingfive love the new obstacles.
leneight ratingfive the mine car episodes in the are great.
lenfourteen ratingfive also the new leveling system is challengeing and rewarding.way better than the first.
leneleven ratingfive its one of the best games you can get for free!
lentwo ratingfive yeah boyyyyyyy
lentwo ratingfive wee ho
leneight ratingfive very fun i always play it every day
lennine ratingfive a lot of fun, with a lot more obstacles
lenten ratingfive this second version is more addicting than the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenfourteen ratingfour i have been using this for one week and d experience is very awesome.
lentwenty ratingfour only problem i have is coins i am collecting each time has been gone and it is starting from 0 again.
lentwelve ratingfour bcos of this i am not able to upgrade the power ups. :-(
lenthirtytwo ratingthree omg okay my phone is a touch screen,and the screen does work so well,but i cant even push,the powerup thingy amymore cuz its to close to the corner! :( 3/5 stars
lenseven ratingthree fun to play with when your boared!
lennine ratingfive no complaints, works like a charm and its fun
lentwenty ratingfour when you have a boost from power up and you pick up the same power up, it simply discards it.
leneight ratingfour you need to at least restart the timer.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is amazing you should try it .
lenthree ratingfive realy great app
lensix ratingfour this is really a great game.
lenten ratingfour however, one of my objectives has not been logging properly.
lenthirteen ratingfour i have the half million lifetime coins, but the objective itself is stuck.
leneight ratingfive its great and its a lot better too
lenseven ratingfive yo rhoscolyn bond find bund cuff fund
lentwentytwo ratingone every time i try to open the app it crashes on the imangi page my phone is a  t mobile samsung galaxy s1
lenfive ratingfive good graphics must have game
lentwentyeight ratingone i find a boost during my run and another one before the first one ends (not my characters powerups) and the second one doesn't extend my boost.
lentwentyfour ratingone the effect was over within a few seconds of picking the second one (both shields i picked during the run. not my power up.)
lenthirteen ratingone new update is not good,.hang in my mbl.plz solve dis prob.
lenfive ratingone when playing it was fun.
lentwentythree ratingone but if i leave the game and go home my game glitches and has to install it agian and my memory is gone.
lennine ratingfour good game a lot better then the first one
lennine ratingfour it is much much better than the first version
lentwo ratingthree nice game.
leneight ratingthree had the same adrenaline rush like first version.
lentwenty ratingthree however i hate it when the gorilla gets close to you, you can't see anything in front of you.
lenten ratingthree also going under the tree hides the immediate path ahead.
lentwo ratingthree slightly annoying.
lennine ratingfive are best game re ever played thanks imagni studios
lentwentyseven ratingfour much more fun then temple run 1 but still seems glitchy thats why i didnt give it 5 stars however a great fun game for people of all ages.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i have a score of 17 million, but i get afterwards an objective to do a score of 5 mil, 10 mil and so on.
leneight ratingtwo i thought this game was great until level 8.
lennineteen ratingtwo then i was stuck with lifetime challenges which basically leave you to try to beat your previous high score.
lenfive ratingtwo give more one-run challenges.
lenfifteen ratingtwo make a 20 million goal or something that isn't just "continue what you are doing"
lenten ratingtwo (i.e. pick up more coins or run more meters).
lenthirteen ratingtwo i would probably continue to play it if a new element was added.
lennine ratingtwo as for game play, there are no real issues.
lenfifteen ratingtwo twice i finished the boost (super speed) and my speed didn't actually slow down.
lenthree ratingone 0888906299 ra jun asked
lenfifteen ratingone it wont load passed the start screen, then brings me back to the home screen
lenfive ratingfive . but i love this game.
leneighteen ratingfour when i got this game it did do the downloading but when i press it does not work.
leneleven ratingfive best of temple run is hear no lags on xperia ray
lenten ratingfour is fun but need sensitivity support like the old one
lenthirtynine ratingone i have uninstalled and then re-installed this app many times over but it does not seem to work no matter how much i try, please fix this because i would really like to play and enjoy this game.
lenfourteen ratingone update: still refuses to work even after the update so i am now uninstalling.
lentwentythree ratingthree really cool game untill i upgraded it when i upgraded it i tilted my phone to the right and my guy went left.
lenfour ratingfive nice game patel parth
leneight ratingfour its cool but i pofer the old one
lennine ratingfive it's so much better than the first game!
lentwo ratingfour grt game
lenfour ratingfive a fantastic android game!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive nice game but good
lensix ratingfour great game provides hours of fun
lentwo ratingfive cool graphic!
lenfour ratingfive such a superb game.
lenseven ratingfive the game runs well on my nexus 4.
lenfive ratingfive quick responses and excellent performance
leneight ratingone not running properly on my sony lww ics.
lenfive ratingone same problem with temple run 1.
lenseven ratingone always lags while playing and causes frustration.
lenfour ratingone uninstalling both temple runs
lenthree ratingfive like, like, like!
lenthree ratingfive really, excellent game.
lensix ratingone after update tilt wont work anymore.
lenfour ratingfive this game is beautiful
lensixteen ratingtwo the first time i installed temple run 2 it wouldn't allow me to play the game.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo it would just force quit before the main page, after i reinstalled the app it worked for about 3 weeks but now its back to the same old stuff.
leneight ratingfive love the app it is fun and entertaining.
lentwenty ratingtwo since the update when ever i do a swip gesture it freezee a bit it runs fine before the update.
lentwentythree ratingfive i love it its a good game better than the first i really like the swinging vine its very good i love it
lenten ratingfive excellent addictive graphics and it is an very good game
lenthree ratingfour a bit laggy
lensix ratingfive just got over 3mil it amazing game
lenseven ratingfive it is much better than temple run.
lenfive ratingfive i wish there is temple run3.
lenten ratingfive i hope they come out with more , its so addicting!
lenfifteen ratingone before update if was good no lag but with the tilt was not  sensitive enough.
lenseven ratingone lag and the tilt problem still exist.
lennine ratingfive good graphic, no need big storage, enjoy the mission
lenfive ratingfour always a good time consumer
leneleven ratingone when i click it it get stuck in the title screen :/
lenfourteen ratingfive enjoyed the first but the 2nd is really awesome nice graphics smooth and totally entertaining
lentwentytwo ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix with the next update i love this game but can't  it
lensixtyseven ratingthree there is an objective at level 8 in which one has to collect 500,000 life time coins and i have collected almost 525,000 life time coins.but wat i see in my objective menu is tat i haven't collected enough coins to complete tat objective.i am still 75,000 coins short.whereas my stats menu shows tat i have 525000 coins.so please fix tat bug.then get ur 5 star rating
lensix ratingone my phone wont load the app.
lenfourteen ratingthree the game is nice, but my amount of coins changes every time i play.
lenthirteen ratingthree i don't even purchase anything and the amount i have will decrease.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfour love it so much better then first one
lenthree ratingfour ilove this game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
leneight ratingfive what's wrong with the mine cart section?
lenfifteen ratingfive it hardly registers my swipe when the rail divides, always just keeps on going straight!
lenfour ratingfive copolymer man so.cool
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive i waited for it for a week and it was worth more than that!
lentwo ratingfive simply fantastic.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentynine ratingfive all those who say subway surfers is better should see how smooth temple run is as compared to that laggy subway surfers(however it's also a good game)
lenseventeen ratingfour if your looking for an app that has you begging for more then this is for you.
lenthree ratingfive after angry birds
lenthree ratingfive very entertaining game.
leneight ratingfour plss fix d tilting issue its killing me
lenthree ratingfour cool more challenges
lentwentynine ratingtwo the game is nice, but it keeps running in the background and using power, and what is strange if i force stop the process all my data gets lost!
lenfortysix ratingfour the game is amazing but to make it better you can put mission progress in the pause menu as well as fixing a glitch where if you activate a power up and then collect the same power up the time does not extend which is annoying.
lenseven ratingthree back button not working after game competetion
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingthree tilt sensitivity is veryless compared to temple run1.plz fix that!
lennine ratingfive no words to define how awesome this game is.
leneight ratingthree need facebook score leader board .pls fix it
lennineteen ratingfive excellent game i daily use to play this but some time phone is hanging but still superb time pass
leneight ratingfive nice controls , gud graphics .better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive excellent game with amazing graphics and performance.
lentwo ratingfive osm game
lensix ratingfive way better than subway surfers or tr1
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenfour ratingfive very challenging and fun.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
leneleven ratingfive this game is awesome little buggy at first but got better
lenfour ratingfive best game ever play
lenfour ratingfive good game.very addictive
lenten ratingfour it is a nice game.i want even temple run 3 .
lensix ratingfive good game for a quick go
lenthree ratingfive brilliant and additive :)
leneleven ratingone the game won't open for galaxy s. kind of disappointed
lenten ratingfour it takes soo much time to load in the start.
lensix ratingfour but it is a nice game.
lentwo ratingthree temple ruuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnn 3!
lenten ratingfive really fun game that raises the bar since temple run 1.
lenten ratingfive only complaint is that the tilt is not sensitive enough.
lensix ratingfive besides that, definitely a insta-download.
lentwo ratingfive (droid razr)
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenfive ratingfour but dont change your graphics.
lennine ratingfour as soon as i did i kick me out.
lensix ratingfive awesome game and m getting crazy
lensix ratingone gets stuck on the opening  screen
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing game  temple run 2 is really the best game i have ever seen hats off!
leneighteen ratingfive very addictive game, confusing at first but once you get the hang of it, can't stop playing!
lenthree ratingfive awesome.simply awesome
leneight ratingfive this is a great sequel to the original.
lenseven ratingfive i suppose there will be another soon!
lennine ratingone this game is not supporting in my htc phone!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingone it won't let me play after the update!
lentwo ratingfive beware internet!
lenfour ratingfive its highly addicted game.
lenfive ratingfive keep calm and stay running!
lenseven ratingfive i can't update it * whining*.h.,.nevermind
lennine ratingone just doesn't tilt properly on my brand new s3.
leneleven ratingone but great game,  will happily give 5 star if tilting is fixed.
lenfortyfour ratingone 4 updates and you still have yet to fix the loading issue for the sidekick 4g.4 updates and yet again we have been let down.i will hold out for one more update and than i will write your company off.this is completely ridiculous.poor
lenseven ratingfive samsung music duos very good nice app
lenfour ratingfive interesting and highly entertaining
lentwentyfive ratingthree overall the game is quite nice, nice graphics and all but the speed increases at a very high rate and the tilting should be smoother
lensixteen ratingfive i like this game because it have morr easy to play and more njuib the fame
leneight ratingfour really fun game i can't put down.
leneight ratingfive this game is much better than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive amazing game much more fun than first one
leneight ratingthree awesome game with excellent graphics.but sometimes lag.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i'd love to rate it better but it crashes at the splash screen.
lenfour ratingtwo on a samsung infuse 4g.
lenfour ratingfour better than the original!
lensix ratingfive its bettr thn the erlier one
lenseventeen ratingfour i'm past 500k but it's not giving the goal to me, otherwise i love this game!
lenten ratingfour fun n fast game without any obstacles upon playing it!
lensix ratingfour addicted to grabe lots of coins.
leneleven ratingtwo i'd like to play this game on my phone please?
lenfour ratingone laggy after latest update
lenseven ratingone has it just recently updated or something?
lentwenty ratingone i paid money for coins so i could get all of the character unlocks, and now i have lost everything.
lenthree ratingone thanks a lot.
lenseven ratingone this game was amazing untill that happened.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics
leneight ratingfive it is an amazing game but tilting problem s2
lenfifteen ratingone the game will not start on my phone anymore it closes at the start screen
lenthree ratingfive great great game
lentwenty ratingfive it is really soooo good but some problem with tilting sensor also sometimes going back direct home and sudden stuck! !
lenfive ratingfive this app is so cool.
lenseven ratingfive a worth sequel to the original hit.
lennineteen ratingfive this temple run is took to.the next level addicting fun and exiting can't wait for temple run 3
lenfive ratingfive it is a funny game!
lennineteen ratingfive myn does not do that at all so i think its a cool game better places i meen tunnles
lenten ratingfour good game but hangs in between pls fix it asap.
lentwentyfive ratingfour very nice graphics, awesome gameplay, and a reasonably solid performance, although an option to adjust the tilt sensitivity would help a lot - asus transformer prime tf201
lentwo ratingfive exellent game
lenfourteen ratingone waiting for an updatej n still hasn't been fixed in this first update!
lentwentysix ratingone it force closes every time i try to open even every samsung infuse does the same! -_- 5 stars wen fixed cuz i played it n its good.
lenfifteen ratingfive my lifetime coin is already 700k but my 500k coin objective s still there.please fix  thanks!
leneight ratingfour i think it should have different coin colors
lenthree ratingthree hangs at times.
lenfive ratingthree objectives are not getting updated.
lenthirteen ratingthree i've got over 500,000 coins yet that particular objective still shows as incomplete.
leneleven ratingthree please fix this bug.i'm using a sony xperia j.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lensix ratingfive now jus waiting 4 new xciting objectives ;)
lentwo ratingfour amazing game
lentwentyfive ratingfive much much better than temple run the layout objectives ,the refreshed menu really what a job.i just luv the path goning up n down
lentwelve ratingfive it is realy fun but it has it's ups and downs
lenfourteen ratingfive would like more zip lines.adding water to this would be great as well.
lenfourteen ratingthree challenging game but 3 stars because sometimes it lags on this phone, causing instant death.
leneight ratingfive this game is so fun and very addictive
lentwentythree ratingfour but this game very lag. .it need min 1.0ghz processer to run smoothly .i'm lucky because i have 1.5ghz dual core processor
leneight ratingfive it is the best game i ever played
lentwo ratingone stats erased!
lenfive ratingone tutorial every opening the game.
lensix ratingfive an awesome squeal to temple run 1
lenseven ratingfour tilting not as good but still awesome
lentwenty ratingone when i'm in the game, is slows my phone right down and doesn't respond as i'm playing.
leneleven ratingfive crashed every time i use save me on razr maxx hd.
lenfour ratingfive fixed and runs smooth
lenfive ratingfive thanks for da awsome game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingone new update is not good,.hang in my mbl.plz solve dis prob.
lentwelve ratingfive more visual and challenging than the first one but just as addictive!
lenfour ratingfive nice graphics for android
lennine ratingfive first one was great this one is much better
lennine ratingfive this game is amazing u can't stop playing.
lenfourteen ratingone i paid to get some gems twice and i didn't even receive them.
lensix ratingone u guys need to fix this.
lentwo ratingfour great enjoyment
lentwentyeight ratingone at first i thought it was my phone that was the problem but my sister has the same phone and she downloaded it other than that its great
lenseven ratingfive i think it's a great game.
lenseven ratingfive i rarely get tired of playing it.
lensixteen ratingfive it is much better than the original, (even tho the first game was a good one.)
leneight ratingthree it is ok but i would like more.
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun.
lennine ratingfive it lags sometimes but other than that its great
lenseven ratingfive great fun even though i'm useless.
lensix ratingfive the funny quips when you "die"
lentwelve ratingfive this game is even better then temple run get it , it rocks.
lenfive ratingtwo i can't reach level 9
leneight ratingfive its amazing ang the graphics a re amazing
lenthree ratingfive the "1,000,000 life meters"
lenfourteen ratingfive the fills up nearly all the way, but does not fill up after that!
lenfifteen ratingfive when i go to my stats, it shows that i clearly have over 1,000,000 to distance!
lensixteen ratingfive please fix, at this point, th e glitch makes it impossible for me to reach level 9!
lentwo ratingfive 5 stars duh
lensix ratingfive i think its an excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
lenthree ratingone like the game.
lenthree ratingone plays very smooth.
lensixteen ratingone 1 star rating because i paid 5$ on an in app purchase for coins and never received them.
lenten ratingone emailed the developers over a week ago with no reply.
lenten ratingone fun game but be cautious spending any money on it.
lenfive ratingfive simply better than the first.
lennine ratingfive it gets me hooked up for hours of playing.
lennine ratingthree awesome game but it glitches and the player dies.
lenseventeen ratingthree and then when i play again the monkey and the  man never comes out of the cave.
lenten ratingthree so i have to exit the game and come back.
lenthree ratingthree waiting for update.
lentwelve ratingfive i love it besides the glitches other then that awesome really addicting!
lennine ratingfour i love this game lots yay lol lol lol
lenforty ratingthree i've heard absolutely great things about the new temple run, but i'm afraid that i cannot try it myself, for whenever i try to open it, it simply closes within a few seconds after showing the imangi logo.
lenten ratingthree touching the screen does nothing, no matter where i click.
lenthirteen ratingthree apologizes for taking up your time, and thank you for it as well.
lenfive ratingthree phone model/type: lg 4g thrill
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwelve ratingone this game sucks so bad i actually wanted to obliterate my phone.
lennine ratingone when my mom heard me yelling about the game.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i'm sure this game is awesome, but i still can't play it.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i have the galaxy sii but i can't play it because it freezes after each game and i can't take off the tutorial
lenthree ratingfour love the game
lensixteen ratingfive love the new graphics, everything is better,i recommend this to anyone and everyone, just fantastic
lenfourteen ratingfive comparing with temple run 1 this is too good with the  graphics n motion wise.
lentwelve ratingthree the rope things won't show up and i die every time.
lentwelve ratingthree if it wasn't messed up this would be a great game
lennine ratingfour fun game but there are still a few glitches
lensix ratingfive awesome game :-) better than the first.
leneight ratingfive would be cool to see some different "scenic"
lennine ratingfive levels after you advance if that makes sense lol.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lennine ratingone attempt to report bugs to them with no reply.
lenten ratingone my last gold coins missions are stuck at the end.
lentwenty ratingfive even with my single core gingerbread software thing they call a phone from the stone age it runs pretty shnazzy
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneight ratingfour good when you need to kill some time
lenten ratingfive this game is totally awesome im like addicted to it 5stars
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing
lenthree ratingfour for temple run.
leneight ratingfour it is not responsive in dualcore andd 513mb ram
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwentyseven ratingfour i like the game a lot but if you could make the tilt track react to the way you tilt i will give a five star rating
lentwo ratingfive super graphics.
lenfive ratingfive tougher than the first edition.
lentwo ratingfive sincerely  ,stevon
lentwo ratingfive awsome app
lenfifteen ratingfive if you even remotely enjoyed the first temple run, then this is well worth getting!
leneight ratingtwo crashes on droid x after the loading screen.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i have played it over 500 times and still i am very much gripped with it.simple but intelligently designed game.imangi studios take a bow.
lensix ratingone not smooth in samsung galaxy note
leneleven ratingfive simply awesome game mines becomes obstacles for achieving 10m club in level 8.
lenthree ratingfour wow, nice game
lentwo ratingfour topo top
lentwo ratingfive nice game!
lensixteen ratingfour if u only add more characters and ease up the levels it would be very amazing!
lensix ratingfour but is tiltting time to time
lenseven ratingfive it's easy getting to a million
lenfour ratingthree great game nicely done
leneleven ratingfive it is great to temple run, keeping the feel and fun!
lenfive ratingfour great but could be better !
lentwenty ratingtwo great game but recently there is a black background when navigating the menus, and i can no longer see anything
lenthirteen ratingone i sh*t you not, i installed the update and my gems vanished.
lensix ratingone what the f*ck is uuuuup
lentwenty ratingfive i want to do the things in my android phone like i was doing in ipad that would be great
lensix ratingfive so much better than the original
lenseven ratingfive dont want to work on my  phone
lensix ratingfive is better thsn the last one
lenthree ratingfive really fun app
lenthirtyfive ratingone download all you want all you get to do is look at is the imangi image then it kicks you out woopdeedoo the first awsome game the second even better the second on infuse crap!
lensix ratingfour good graphics rubbish gameplay i found
lenseven ratingthree love it better then the first one!
leneight ratingfive everything about the game is a cool improvement.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this second outing takes everything that was great about the first game and improves upon it.better graphics, more obstacles, new characters.and even the occasional ride in a mine cart.
lenfifteen ratingfive my lifetime coin is already 700k but my 500k coin objective s still there.please fix  thanks!
lenthree ratingfive addictive and fun
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive i love this game so mach ^_^<3
lenthirtyfour ratingfour nice game to pass time but the only issue i came across my galaxy s2 was after playing for about 15-20 mins my cell was so hot that i thought it would blast at some point.
lennine ratingfour it's quite fun and full of unexpected thing.
lennine ratingfour i only hope the upgrade can be more cheaper
lenfive ratingfive awesome game fun and entertaining.
lentwelve ratingfour it was better than the first one and the first one sucked
lentwelve ratingtwo it stops alot freez plse fix i will give 5stars  fix freezing game
lenten ratingfour much easier than the first, but still a great game
leneleven ratingone i really want to play it but it wouldn't work!
lenseven ratingone it sucks it doesnt let me play
lentwenty ratingone it lags to much on my droid x2 and i cant make the first jump without me dieing because of lag
lenfifteen ratingthree update: the game is much better now that the glitching problem has been mostly resolved.
lensixteen ratingthree overall the game is much better and easier now that the glitching problem has been improved.
lentwelve ratingthree more would be great but i can't say i'm angry.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i think this game is very good up until i paid $4.99 for 50,000 coins.
lenten ratingtwo they charged my credit card and never received the coins.
lennineteen ratingtwo again game is great good controls and graphics, but bad customer service, even after sending emails about my situation.
lenthirteen ratingtwo so don't spend any money on upgrades a waste of five bucks.
leneight ratingfive can't get enough of this game awsome!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive bst game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive i love it like it was 2 parts.
lentwo ratingthree beyond mad.
lennine ratingthree my fame got completely reset with this new update.
lentwelve ratingthree i love this game and had a lot of things unlocked/updated. -.-
lenseven ratingfour cool game but it takes 2 long downloading
lenseven ratingfour it runs okay with my galaxy note
lenfive ratingfive great game and time killer
lentwentyone ratingthree game is great when it is not freezing or lagging.ill give it 5 stars when it is fixed samsung galaxy aviator
lenseventeen ratingthree i've collected over 500k coins but the 'gold miner' objective is stuck 3/4 through and won't move.
lentwentythree ratingthree game gets really boring after a while and the objectives are taking forever to accomplish i mean what's after the 'midas touch'?
lenseven ratingthree forget it, it's not worth it.
lensix ratingthree thanks for a free game though
lenseven ratingfive very fun game.helps pass the time.
lenfive ratingfive yeah the app is awesome
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is so fun.
lentwo ratingfour totally fun
lenten ratingfour but sometimes it will crush when i use save me.
lenfive ratingfive love love love this app!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive omg.it is so addicting.love it.graphics are awesome.
lenfive ratingfive recommended it to my friends.
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first temple run but i really love the 2nd ome
leneight ratingfive totaly better than the first temple run. :d
lenfour ratingfour i cant stop playing
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentyone ratingthree every time i play the game it glitches out and when i swipe to jump or slide it doesn't respond.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is full of speed, and fun areas such as mines, ziplines, and forests.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentythree ratingone i installed this game and i loved the first one but when i installed temple run 2 and when i went to play it.
lennineteen ratingone it then shows the makers id or what ever but then it just goes back to my home page
lennine ratingfour enjoyed a lot, good graphics, could be more difficult.
lenfour ratingone temple run 1 is bearer
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirteen ratingone download it it starts to load then screen goes black then it exits
lenthirteen ratingfive the game doesn't hang and the new obstacles make it more exciting.
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on my phone
lensixteen ratingthree i hate and love this game, i love the normal running but the turning is terrible!
leneighteen ratingthree its so slow, i can't do the mine or the small paths at the sides without dying.
lenthirtynine ratingthree i feel like uninstalling, as i can only get so far and its over unless i turn my tablet literally on its side, and then i might have a split second to turn it the other way and die.
lensix ratingfive best game i ever downloaded 5 starts!
lentwentyfour ratingfour good game but one of the challenges stoped (500,000 lifetime coins when i got 1,000,000 lifetime coins that is when it stoped) please fix for 5 stars
lenfourteen ratingfour i play it a lot, & it's really good but there's some glitches.
lenfortynine ratingfour like when you get a coin magnet power up when you're still on one its wasted, it says 1 gem for a power up upgrade but.it's 2, & it says i'm less than 1/2 completed of the 500k lifetime gold, but over 1/2 to 1million, & i checked my stats & i have over 500k.
lenseven ratingfour like i said, a lot of glitches.
lenfour ratingfive such an addictive game!
leneleven ratingfive runs very smoothly and there are less "wtf i jumped that"
lennine ratingfive deaths and bugs etc than the previous temple run.
lenthirty ratingfive would be nice to see a challenge feature added where you could have a showdown over wifi etc. then i could finally convince my brother i'm better than him!
lenfive ratingfive great app.absolutely love it
lenfourteen ratingfive same addictive game play as before, but now with fresh environments and objective system.
lentwentyseven ratingfive what i would like to see changed: picking up a power up when you already have the same active should refresh the duration imo, not be ignored.
lenten ratingfive love this game keeps me busy when i'm bored
leneight ratingfive this game made my nipples tingle with glee
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i am giving 4 stars because it is kinda glitchy and i hate it that whenever i jave the monkey thing on my screen i can barely see the rest of my phone!
lensixteen ratingfour great way to spend some time but be warned, it will be a lot of time!
lenfifteen ratingthree but on objective where need to collect 500.000 coins its stucked on midle, like its collected 250.000.
lensix ratingthree i've collected more than 500.000 coins.
leneight ratingthree on objective where need to collect 1.000.000 its ok.
lenfour ratingfive very good game app
lenfive ratingfour the graphic is so smooth~
lenfive ratingfour bom pra passar o tempo
lenthirteen ratingfour i think this game is fun but you should work on the tilting.
lensix ratingfive the game is awesome thanx creators
lenseven ratingfive better than temple run1!:-) add more characters though.
leneighteen ratingone i can't play the game every time i try it will go back to my home way.
lenfive ratingthree especially the footballer after that ?
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
leneight ratingfive but the tilt is not sensitive at all. :(
leneight ratingtwo occasionally doesn't respond to my touch/ tilt.
lensix ratingfour could be better a little laggy.
lentwo ratingfour (android 2.3 os)
lensix ratingone wont let me download please fix
lenfourteen ratingfive game won't start in my samsung galaxy tab 7.0   please do something about it.
lenseven ratingfive i want to enjoy this great game
lenfive ratingfive that's an excellent game !
lenten ratingfive i like it more then 1st one,   good job imangi studios
lenfour ratingfive super fun and addicting
lenfour ratingfour more like fun run!
lensix ratingfive great game keep up the work!
lenfourteen ratingfour the only reason i give this four stars is because of the short zipplines
lentwelve ratingfive wow, if the first one was good, this new one is awesome.
lenthirteen ratingfive i wonder if you guys will come up with a third one soon.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lennine ratingfive didnt like the first one, but this one rocks!
lensix ratingfour it is really addicting and fun!
leneight ratingfive will not load up on the lg 3d optimus!
lenfive ratingfive kind regards   temple run fan
lenseven ratingfive funnest game ever better than stickman  run
leneight ratingone ran update, still crashes on startup, please fix.
lentwo ratingone lg thrill
lensix ratingfour nice pass time game, quite entertaining.
lenten ratingone the game won't ope, on my samsung galaxy player.
lenfifteen ratingone i tried deleting it and down loading it again but it still doesn't work.
lensixteen ratingfour game is awesome until u purchase the 50 gem pack or coin doubler and don't get!
leneight ratingfour google says its a cliche in the app!
lenfiftyfive ratingtwo succesfully downloaded the game yet when i try to play, it freezes - forced me to restart my dev, i believe this should work as imangi is working on ways for this app to be available for many platforms so this freeze thing saddens me, great app though, have tried playing it from my friends ipad
lenfour ratingfive excellent game to play
leneight ratingfive i love this game can't stop playing
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfour awesome game from android
lenfive ratingfive best free game out there.
lentwo ratingfive hey guyz.
lenfive ratingfive if u happen to notice.
lenthirteen ratingfive this works great on lg, motorola and not with samsung and htc mobile.
leneleven ratingfive until i see reviews saying it doesn't delete progress anymore.
lenten ratingfive you should've figured out how to prevent this stuff.
lenseventeen ratingone this game is great but now when i click on it the game is not coming up !
lennineteen ratingfive well this game is rough and fun but these days who doesn't like a tough game these days
leneight ratingfive this game is so addictive i love it
lentwentyfour ratingthree im having a hard timevplay with these tilting and jumping problem sometime i jump land on land then after a foot fall off lol.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i just love the new set out of the gui and map, but like someone else said, there has been some tilting problems, 5 stars if fixed :l also not to forget the cart part xd
leneleven ratingfour i truly love temple run but you people should try pitfall.
lenseven ratingfour it has much better graphics and animations.
leneighteen ratingtwo this game was awsome then i got the update and it force closing before it even finishes loading
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingone it dont work after i played it like once
lenfourteen ratingfour it is addicting, great graphics eats battery overall worth the draining of the battery
lenthirtynine ratingfour this game is really nice nice graphics gr8 adventure and this game deserves 5 stars but tilt is not so good like previous temple run 1 it needs to turn my cell so much when tilt problem will solve it deserve 5 stars
lentwo ratingfour fun game!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this is an awesome game great graphics and runs smooth i just dont like when it takes a long time to download but everything else is amazing this game is better than the first one
lensixteen ratingfour this game is so addictive & fun but this recent update is causing a major problem now.
lentwenty ratingfour there's this lag that happens throughout the game & eventually causes me to die b/c i swipe & nothing happens.
lentwentythree ratingfour no other bkgrd apps are running either so, although it was a good guess, kurt ruiter's suggestion is definitely not the problem.
lenseven ratingfour many people are complaining about this issue.
lenfour ratingfour it is definitely valid.
lensix ratingfour please look into this & fix asap!
lentwelve ratingfour i want to go back to working on achievements & my high score :)
lentwentysix ratingone it doesn't even work every time i try to get this game it backs out please fix in order to give you guys five stars
leneight ratingfive great graphics and better gameplay than the original.
lenfour ratingfive same format but improved.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingtwo since the update i can't tilt, what the hell?
lenseventeen ratingfour issues not getting items from coin store but an excellent game with questionable floor integrity at times.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lensix ratingfive massive improvement from the last one.
lennine ratingfive i love it so mush i can bilv it
lennineteen ratingfour i give it a four star rating, because it gets stuck sometimes and i have to reload the game.
lenfour ratingfour but its pretty entertaining
lenfifteen ratingfive i loved the first one but now i'm in love with the second one!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive great game with levels
lenthree ratingfive totally addictive game.
lenfive ratingfive cannot stop to play it.
lenten ratingfive two thumbs for the maker and developer od temple run 2. :)
lennineteen ratingfive great game however i bought a lack of 50 gems and never received them and money taken out of account!
lenten ratingone won't load up just goes 2 the imanji screen thing
lenseven ratingfour just doesnt turn some times needs fix
lennine ratingfour temple run 1 much easier but this is still good
lentwentytwo ratingfour first, i love this game, so naturally i want to ply it as often as possible, thisnis limited byy the tilt comtrols.
lentwelve ratingfour if you ciuld make tiltless control options then th uld be awesome.
leneighteen ratingfour second, u  ould make it a little clearer that the upgrades for the meter ability are one use.
lentwelve ratingfour thir, it would be cool if you released difrrent maps for gems.
leneleven ratingfive i regard it one of the best app on play store.
lenfourteen ratingfour experienced some issues regarding finishing the objectives especially the one requiring to get 500,000 coins.
lenfifteen ratingfour i already have 600,000+ lifetime coins but still the objective is not yer cleared or finished.
lennine ratingfour i wish the developers will fix this issue soon.
lenseven ratingfour but overall this game is very addicting.
lenfive ratingfive good way to kill time.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lensixteen ratingfive best game ever :d no matter how much you pay it, there's no stopping you
leneight ratingfive i play it far more than i should
lenfortytwo ratingthree it's a fun and awesome game for the most part but i had over 3000 coins and it took all my coins but 174 of them i was trying to unlock another person but i couldn't because it keeps taking my coins.
leneight ratingthree please fix or i'll have to delete.
lenten ratingthree after the update, it wasn't as smooth as before.
lenthree ratingfive extremely great game.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first game
lensix ratingfive a nice improvement over the original.
lensix ratingfive good challenge and addictive progression scheme.
lentwentynine ratingfour this is by far way better than the first, however i would like it a lot better if powerups renewed if you picked up another of the same kind.
lenfive ratingfive this game is amzing awesome
lenfive ratingone it dosen't work properly
leneightythree ratingone i bought the coin doubler, i recently neay collected 1million lifetime coins and the game glitched as a result i was unable to complete my objectives so i un installed and re installed now my coin doubler does not work anymore and i cannot enable it as when i click on it it read you have already purchased this and my play store will force shut please fix this its frustrating as i had finally hit 20 mil + score, and i will give 5 stars :( galaxy s2
lenthirtytwo ratingone i have played it on iphones and it is a good game but i downloaded it to my huawei h866c and it would start loading and just go back to my home screen.
lentwentyfive ratingone after installing when i went to play it pens to the loading screen with the i and after a minute it buzzes and then quits
lenfour ratingfour it feels less responsive.
lentwo ratingfive loovee itt
lenfive ratingfour its nice game thank you!
lentwentysix ratingfour i love this i have always loved temple run, and this is special it has excitement, and i enjoy the lighting hope you like it too
leneight ratingfive really love this game 5 stars good job imangi
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive there's one glitch that when you end a boost on a rope your boost speed keeps going but without the invulnerability
lenfour ratingfive it's great game
lenthree ratingfour need something more
lenseventeen ratingfive good game sooooo addictive just one thing.crashes some time on the menus, other than that goooood
lenseventeen ratingfour the second i downloaded it it did the same thing third time i downloaded it was fine
lentwelve ratingfive this game is very interesting and would advise anyone to download it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game  !
leneight ratingfive enjoyed the game, good graphics, overall entertain me.
lenfortyeight ratingfour it doesnt pause game when low battey notification comes on middle of the game i was playing my score was above 10000000 then suddenly low battery notification  came up in the middle of the game it didnt pause i was like wtf and sometimes it lags randomly mostly after 1000000.
lenseven ratingfour pleese fix it its my favourate game
lenthirteen ratingthree its a fun game but i bought 50,000 coins for 5.00 and never got it
lenthree ratingfour temple run w
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive great game, better than the first.
lentwo ratingfive ?eally addictive
lentwelve ratingfive i really enjoyed the original and this new one is even better!
lenseven ratingfive the original could get a little monotonous.
lenfortyseven ratingfive but they added rip chords and mine shaft carts and the ability to collect gems/crystals as you run unlike most other games where the creator forces the player to either buy crystals online or sign up for offers that the player has zero desire/need for!
lenthirteen ratingfive an overall awesome game that i have already started recommending to my friends!
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing
lentwelve ratingfour feels a little easy, or maybe i'm just to good :p
lentwelve ratingtwo love this game but can't upgrade anymore because losing coins when 2500 - 3000.
lenseven ratingtwo i uninstalled, then reinstalled but no difference.
lenfive ratingtwo emailed imagi but no reply.
leneleven ratingtwo very disappointing because it is or could be a great game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo keep being asked to rate jt, already done it, down to 2 stars coin issue still not resolved.
lennine ratingfour a great game to dip in and out of.
lenten ratingfour doesn't really hold my attention for very long though.
lenten ratingfive i thought temple run 1 was the best wow check out 2
lentwentyfour ratingthree the game is ok but like extremely hard and confusing cuz like once you get far the path and the surroundings look the same
lenseventeen ratingfive ever since last update it will  load then take me back to the home screen please fix
leneighteen ratingone ok, i install it cause my buddies said it was a great game, vastly improved, and guess what?
lenfiftyfive ratingone i cant even play the game because it just shuts down whenever i open it, pretty much crashes, i cant even get to the title screen, dont waste ur time with this i would say right now, but im going to try to reinstall the game to make sure it in fact, does not work.
leneight ratingone it indeed does not work, so dont install
lenthree ratingfive very addictive & fun!
lenfour ratingfive best game on android
lenfive ratingfive a of great new stuff
lentwelve ratingfive this game is soo friggin awzum!but its kinda hard to tilt
lennine ratingfive thy best game ever p.s. my score is 1874091
lenten ratingfour like the game, but it freezes a lot,my phone.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy playing,
lentwelve ratingfive this is so awaome and that is why i love his game.
leneight ratingone game wont open on my lg thrill fix!
lensix ratingfive great game.already looking forward to tr3
leneighteen ratingfive run pass k liye sbse bdiya h , or sbse acchi chiz grphics nd difficulty level kamal k h
lennine ratingfour this won is much better than the other won!
lenfourteen ratingfive amazing game good graphics awesome abilites anf four great characters what could be better
lenthree ratingfive fun game excellent!?
lennine ratingfive its got amazing graphicks and ia better then before.
lenthree ratingfive muy buen juego
lenseven ratingfive great gameee :d 5 stars all da way
lenfour ratingfive its a fun game
lenfifteen ratingtwo if the game wouldn't have deleted my data i would've gave it 5 stars.
lentwentysix ratingtwo it took away all my coins, it took away all my diamonds and it even took away my character that i worked really hard to get.
lentwo ratingtwo scarlet fox.
lenfourteen ratingtwo give my data back and i will come back and rate the game 5 stars.
lensix ratingtwo but otherwise its a great game
lenthree ratingfour marai na kwat
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy s
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lennine ratingone great game, until it erased 2 weeks worth of progress.
leneight ratingone all of my unlocks, powerups and achievements.gone.
lenfive ratingone would have been 4 stars otherwise.
lenfourteen ratingone i was in way too deep to start over.(almost level 9) what a waste.
lentwentyseven ratingthree it runs very smooth when its not being glitchy and unresponsive i could get a lot further on a run if it didnt skip in the middle
lentwelve ratingfive i've had this for a while, and it's still fun!
lenten ratingfive works perfect (with hiccups) on mid to high ranged phones.
lentwentythree ratingfive people that are complaining about extreme lag is because their phone is more than likely to be an entry level single cored device.
lenfour ratingfive get a better phone.
lenfive ratingone crashes on the samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone wont even load. :( even after both updates.
leneleven ratingfour the only thing missing is a sensitivity slider for tilting, 5/5 otherwise.
lenfour ratingfive top value for free
lenfour ratingfive awesome game and graffics
lenseven ratingfive i have above 500,000 coins in life time.
lenseven ratingfive but still gold miner objective not done.
lenfive ratingfive nice game with awesome.graphivs
lenfourteen ratingfour love it and the updates are awesome and i love this game so much
lentwentyfour ratingfour the problem with it is that when i got the update i lost scarlett fox but except for that i love the game:-) :-) :-) :-d
lennineteen ratingfive i though temple run 1 was the best game ever but this , this is crazy this game is the best
lenten ratingfive can't spot anything i want different, good game overall
lennine ratingfive i love it so much and its soo adictive.
lensixteen ratingfive you could have a vs mode with the people on your email, contacts list or skype.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lensix ratingone make it for samsung galaxy ace!
lenfour ratingfive best game everrr thnx .
lenfour ratingfive this game is boss!
lenten ratingfive thanks for this amazing game imangi hope u make a 3rd.
lennineteen ratingfour good game but i wish i didnt have to take my case off everytime i wanted to play it
lennine ratingfive played temple run and this is sooooooo much better!
lensix ratingfive can't wait for temple run 3!
leneleven ratingthree i like it but its not a good as subway surfers
lenseven ratingfive its just as good as temple run 1 !
lenseven ratingfive beats the first one, i love it
lenfour ratingfive the game is cool
lenfive ratingfive good game workd pretty well
lenseven ratingone the game is not fir my phone.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lentwelve ratingone force closes everytime,i never even got to play it o_o
lenseven ratingfour on level 7, but it's going slow "/
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenfour ratingfive really addictive and fun.
lenten ratingfive graphics are a huge update to the last temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfive the only thing i would add is a leaderboard tht connects with facebook instead of just twitter.
lenthree ratingfour shud improve upgrade
lenthirtyeight ratingthree i like it a lot, but on my htc one x the game is laggy and often causes me to be killed, if we could have an update to fix the lags then i would give it 5 stars
lensix ratingfive so cool, definently over the top
lensix ratingfive better graphics, a little more challenging.
lenfive ratingfive enjoy it to the fullest.
lentwo ratingfive thug life
lenten ratingfive good graphics and better than the original in a way
lentwelve ratingfive its a really fun game to play when ever you get board
lenfour ratingfive looks and plays great!
lentwentyeight ratingfive although i've found using boost sometimes sends you flying over the edge instead of auto-turning left or right, thanksfully it's not a regularly occurring glitch.
lennineteen ratingfive temple run is as addictive as the first (maybe even more) and the new landscape makes it more intresting.
lensix ratingfive i really like it and reccomend.
lensix ratingfive it's a neat temple run!
lenthirteen ratingfive but i can't believe i'm already done with all the objectives.
lenseven ratingfive can you please add more to it?
lenten ratingfive i'm getting bored playing without any objectives to complete.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour fun to play against friends.
lenten ratingfour it pretty fun to playing music while playing the gane
lenthree ratingfour nice fallow up
lenten ratingfour after a disappointing temple run brave which did not work.
lensix ratingfour imangi studios you have nailed it.
lenthree ratingfour surprisingly no lag.
lenfive ratingfive pleas let me download  it
lenfour ratingfive love love love it
lenfive ratingfive great way to pass time! !
lentwelve ratingtwo force close on main screen wont open in run for my device
lennine ratingfive i think its the best game i ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenseventeen ratingfive its addicting, its like you can always do better than the last time so you keep playing
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive get it u won't regret it
lensix ratingtwo please fix 2 stars till it is
lenfourteen ratingfive i thought i only liked the first one but now i love this one
lensix ratingone and yoh lose all your data                                                                             -
lenfive ratingfour the game itself is great!
lensix ratingfour but sometimes the game force closes. :(
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic!
lenfive ratingfive i absolutly love very original!
lentwelve ratingfive awsm game but more updates .it takea los of time to start
lenfifteen ratingfour awesome game just move the monkey out of the way so you can see better
lentwo ratingfive great entertainment
lenseven ratingfive i recommend this game to anyone :d
lenfour ratingfive enjoyed playing this game
lenthirtytwo ratingtwo every temple run game is allow on my phone i suppose its my own phone because it works fine on nmy sis phone i am just saddened that i can play it
lenseven ratingfive what a game indeed.impressed.nice graphics.
lenten ratingfive runs very smoothly on droid 3 running  steeldroid ics; no lag.
lenten ratingfour its a great game, it just lags a bit sometimes
lenfive ratingfive very additive & lots of fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive i really like the game.
lenfour ratingfive it has better graphics :)
lenthirteen ratingfive i enjoy playing this game, it keeps your eye/hand coordination on point!
lenfive ratingfive allsome +cool+new+ love it
leneight ratingone still  can't install on my htc desire.
leneight ratingfive this game is so fun and very addictive.
lenfour ratingfive i play for hours.
lentwelve ratingthree theres a bit of lag when im choosing the best graphic quality.
lensix ratingthree im a using google nexus 10 device
lenfourteen ratingfour well at first it was a little hard but over all it was awsome
lentwelve ratingfour the only game on my phone and i play it all day!
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only thing that upsets me is that whenever i switch applications it completely exits out and i have to start all over again.
lenfourteen ratingfive it is awesome but has a few glitches in it and with the powerups .
lennine ratingfive i love this game but needs a but improvement
lentwentythree ratingone on my htc droid incredible 2 when i open the application it shows the imangi studios screen for about 15 seconds then the application closes.
lentwelve ratingone i have installed and reinstalled the app and this problem still occurs.
lentwelve ratingone update: after the new update i am still having the same problem.
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playing it
lenten ratingfive it's an amazing game and provides hours of fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lenfour ratingfive i wonder whats in tr3?
leneight ratingfive imangi studios have certainly stepped up their game.
lenfive ratingfive this game, i like it.
lenfive ratingfive nice game my galaxy note
lentwentynine ratingthree its totally addictive and i haven't put my phone down since i got it :) i think you need to put more gems in there and create more characters.
leneight ratingthree erm.all my stats are kind of blank :/
lentwelve ratingfive i suck in this game, but i can't stop playing it.
lenthirtythree ratingone runs smooth but has a major issue in my nexus s. if by mistake home key is pressed, even if i use task manager to open the running app, all game is lost.
lentwelve ratingone secondly, while playing, if a call comes, the game is lost again.
lensixteen ratingthree its cool but keeps glitching and is slow but i'm happy with the out come
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive .wow.2 thumbs up!
leneight ratingfour oke juga game ini walo belum paham banget.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
leneleven ratingfive my friend and i take turns trying to outscore each other.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lenfive ratingthree add more skins and wallpapers
lentwelve ratingone too bad we can't gv 0 stars, cz this update deserves that.
leneight ratingone they hv completely neglected the low end phones.
lenfourteen ratingone it blacks out the screen evry second, n becomes unresponsive most of the time.
lenfour ratingone from xperia mini pro
lenfour ratingfive a really awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive have a lot of fun
lentwo ratingfive maxxxaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa game
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are amazing and you get a chance to save yourself if you die.
lenseven ratingfive sooo much better than the first one!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingtwo the game won't let you get to level 9.
lenfifteen ratingtwo and after getting this far, an update that clears all game history is completely unfair.
lenfour ratingtwo it runs smoothly though.
lenfourteen ratingone the first time i downloaded it it only load up and it never works.
lenseventeen ratingone the second i downloaded it it did the same thing third time i downloaded it was fine
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm. her son  it good can you make a part 3 that would cool
lentwentyeight ratingthree it lags a lot especially when coming to corners and jumps and when i die and try to skip the save me the screen flashes red  then closes
lenthree ratingthree otherwise good game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfour i keep running but it sometimes lags me and i die.
lenfive ratingfour this also needs more characters.
lenfive ratingone force close on first page
lenthree ratingthree ok lah wth.really2 ?
lennine ratingfive i can't seem to stop playing this game "0_0".
leneleven ratingfive super addictive, and simple enough for a 2 year old to play :).
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi
lenthree ratingfour best android games
lennineteen ratingfour it's a great game and it's super addicting but it lags occasionally and ends up killing me.
leneighteen ratingfour it would be great if you could also renew power ups if u picked up a second one.
lentwenty ratingfive really awesome can't stop playing even though i'm not good at it :d well done guys ;) great game.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfour ratingfive really fun and great.
lentwo ratingfive mantab, keren
lenthree ratingfive really fun game
lennine ratingthree this is a better iteration than the first one.
lentwelve ratingthree however, minor bugs and glitches detract it from being a better title.
lentwentyone ratingthree one major flaw is if you have gems to revive yourself, it stops you from using them after a few uses.
lenseventeen ratingthree another problem would be that your coin amount decreases at random moments without spending anything at all.
leneighteen ratingthree it's somewhat frustrating, especially when you know you had 10k coins and your amount shows a little over 6k.
lensix ratingthree please fix for a better rating.
lennine ratingfive i like this better than the old one :d
lensix ratingfive love it even more than first
lenfive ratingone lags a lot after update.
lenfour ratingone auto pause while playing.
lenfive ratingone run again button somrtimes disappear.
lenthree ratingone tilt becomes worst.
lenseven ratingfive this is one of the bst game
lenthree ratingfive really nice game.
lentwelve ratingfive i like new update, sound, graphic, and touch are easy to play
leneighteen ratingfour nice graphics adjustment, good new color scheme that's more pleasant on the eyes than the common browns.
lenseventeen ratingfour only issue is the sound effects slider isn't working on droid 4, although the music slider does
lenfortysix ratingone i downloaded this app, the first one was great, but everytime i try to open it its stuck on imagi studios screen, and when i try to exit my phone freezes, and then when it finally stops the imagni studios is now my wallpaper.like wtf?!
lenten ratingone i have to change it back and its really annoying.
lenten ratingone game didnt play at all can you fix it plz
lenthirteen ratingfive it s good but every once in awhile it wont let u play!
lenfour ratingfive fun and addicting excellent
lennine ratingthree this game was really good until the last update.
lentwenty ratingthree now the control is way off, you often have to tap the screen 4-5 times instead of twice to active boost.
lennine ratingthree constantly fall of edges due to bad control also.
lenfourteen ratingone why i run until 20million point le my objective already achieve still lag at there?
leneleven ratingone it lag al there my next objective can't continue le!
lenfive ratingone lost my all records #wtf
lensix ratingfive fun for everyone in the family.
lentwo ratingfive truly entertaining!:-)
lentwenty ratingfour the game is awesome i can tell u that but it does not work properly when i tilt the phone
lenten ratingfive even though i suck at this game i love it!.
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run 1 !
lenfour ratingfive great on sony xperia !
lenfour ratingfive i luv dis game.!　?
lenseven ratingone stays at imangi studios and force closes.
lennine ratingfive its so fun but the cart is to hard.
lennine ratingfive i love it, way better than the other version
lennineteen ratingfive better upgrade prices, better graphics, better track to run on now that it has mine carts and zip lines.
lenfive ratingfour i totally enjoy this game!
lennineteen ratingfour but, i have noticed that the objective status bar doesn't progress.even i collect a lot of coins.
lenseven ratingfour thank you and more power imangi studios!
lenthree ratingfour sony xperia p
lensix ratingfour nice upgrade to the first one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensixteen ratingfive this is so fun it just takes a long time to download but its so cool
leneighteen ratingone can play the game when i first download but once i close it i cant play it again.
lenfour ratingfive great game fast action
lenfive ratingfour my kids love these game
lenfortythree ratingfour addictive game like the 1st, however if i use my coin powerup magnet and just say it lasts 10 secs, if after 8 secs i collect a magnet running, after the last 2 secs of my previously used magnet the fresh one i collected runs up too!
lenten ratingfour hate that, however great game and everythings fine except that!
lenthree ratingfour makes me dizzy
lenten ratingthree its really fun but it keeps closing out on me
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome
lenfour ratingfour pretty cool app addicting
lensix ratingfive was hesitant to download this one.
lenthirteen ratingfive just hope they release some patches to add variety i.e. subway surfers.
lenseven ratingfive but temple run 2 is the better game!
lenfour ratingfour runs smoothly not beach
lenseven ratingfive me and my girlfriend love this game.
lennine ratingfive but of course her scores lot higher than mine.
lensix ratingfour it made me buy the extensions.
lenseven ratingfive guyz,u should totally download tis game!
lenfive ratingfive it's so crazy addictive!
lenten ratingfour this is an awesome update to an already great game.
lenten ratingfour only gripe is this is even much more power hungry.
lensix ratingfive it wont let me play it
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than temple run because it has more stuff like railroads.
lenfifteen ratingthree why i cant download this game it said download  error 408 :( how to solve this problem :((
lentwo ratingfive fave game
leneleven ratingone i give it 1 stars because my objectives are not moving ahead.
lenseventeen ratingone it's stuck at 8th level where it says 10,000,000 life time meters 1,000,000 life time coins & 500,000 life time coins.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lensix ratingfive i love this game its awesome
lenfour ratingfive xd.i lerve it
lennine ratingthree please fix the glitch that makes coins disappear randomly!
leneleven ratingfive nd i waited alot for this.thank u imangi.good luck
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game
lenfive ratingfour this is a cool game.
lenseven ratingfour hurry up or your going to die
lenfourteen ratingfive i have a slow phone and it ruins ten times better than the original!
lenfive ratingfive a lot more exciting too.
leneight ratingfive loved temple run and temple run2 is even better!
leneight ratingone was working fine but now it wont load
leneight ratingtwo there's a huge glitch with the coins.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i went from 2,000 to 90 after i died and i didn't buy anything!
lentwo ratingfive extremely awesome.
lenseven ratingfive i recommend it to any android user.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour yea this game is great it just has one problem web i move my phone left or right to get coins it goes creaking slow so can someone do sumthing about this please thanks
lenfour ratingfive this game is fun!
leneight ratingfour only thing i dont like is the cart.
lenfifteen ratingfour good homage to indiana jones but sometimes the turns easily lead to gameover too fast
leneleven ratingfive it's an awesome game but i hate the cave part
lenten ratingfive preferred temple run 2 than 1 cause temple run 2 is more challenging.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i love this game but it doesn't tilt at all.please fix that because i wanna play this game.and of course,congratulations to this game because there are many people downloading this game.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenthree ratingfive add more  haracters.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive luv it more than temple run
lentwo ratingfive kool game!
lenfour ratingfive nice game no complaints
lennine ratingfour it was fun but log at the same time.
lenfour ratingfour it makes me disappointed.
leneleven ratingfive i love this game, i got addicted in like, two minutes!
lenseven ratingone never had a download time like that.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenthree ratingfive time just flys!
leneleven ratingfive this is sooooooo much better than any of the other ones
lenseven ratingfive try it out and u wont stop
lentwo ratingfive ossum game. .
lenfour ratingthree i love this game.
lentwelve ratingthree smooth, great graphics, and more areas, but powerups cost way too much.
lensix ratingthree i mean 5000 for the second upgrade?!
lenthree ratingthree thats ridiculously high!
lenseven ratingthree other than that its and awesome game
lenthree ratingfour vry nce game
lennineteen ratingfive nice graphics but its quite hard so i would like the producers to make the controls like temple run 1
leneighteen ratingfour glitches plz fix give give start once fixed love it more than on and the graphics are cool
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i keep buying things and leveling up.n as soon as i close the game it sets me back and i have to do everything all over.
lenfifteen ratingthree nice game but its geting exited in between while playing on sony xperia neo v
lentwelve ratingfive this is a realty cool game i have no problems with it
lenfourteen ratingfive i thought the first one was good but this one is soo much better!
lennine ratingfour still trying to get the hang of this one.
lenfour ratingfive awesome and addicting game
leneight ratingfive its good but takes to long to load
lentwentyeight ratingfour i noticed on a tablet and phone that after turning it to the highest quality visuals that it would never start up, just stay at the imagni screen.
leneleven ratingfour you will have to reinstall it and lose all your stuff!
lensix ratingfour excellent work bathroom break time consumer;-)
leneleven ratingfive good but my coins are disappearing and im not spending them
leneight ratingfive i enjoyed the first, but this is better.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and no glitches so far.
leneight ratingfive excellent game great graphics smooth gameplay and addictive!
lenten ratingfive its,  reall fun and cool to play when your bored !
lenthree ratingtwo lags on nexus 4
leneight ratingfive it doesn't let me play, please help ?
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive it's a great sequel to the original.
lenten ratingfive if you played the original temple run, try this game!
lentwo ratingfive cool app
lennine ratingfour it makes me try hard to get the idol!
lentwelve ratingone this game sucks so bad i actually wanted to obliterate my phone.
lennine ratingone when my mom heard me yelling about the game.
lenten ratingfive good improvement from the last one ans even more addictive
leneighteen ratingfive the first version was crazy awesome but the new one is by far the better of the two!
lentwelve ratingfive no questions necessary, you will love this game and become completely addicted!
lentwo ratingfive pretty fun
leneighteen ratingfive i m a mobile game hater.but now addicted to this game.simply irresistible.keep it up guys.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but fix some bugs please.say, i hav more than 500k coins but the 'gold miner' objective has stopped its progress halfway.why isn't completed.
lenthirtysix ratingfive wen u take one powerup & thn another, the second one also ends with the first one and  sumtyms when the distance is shown.the character doesnt repsonse to the your swipe or jump.and u lose.
lenseven ratingfive anyways still the bestest game ever played.
leneleven ratingone at a certain part us the game all my coins disappear.
lenseventeen ratingone i can't get more than five thousand, if i do i'm reset to zero coins.
lenfive ratingone thus has happened six times.
lentwentyfour ratingone forecloses a lot runs slow stays on the logo for a long time once up to 10 mins then i just shut off please fix
leneight ratingfive it works smooth , better then the first one.
lentwentysix ratingfive since i like this game.small suggestion to the developer,use the float value or a double integer to save coins and gems,instead of integer.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive awesome game i nd my son really njoy playing temple run2!
lenthirteen ratingfive superb graphic with soft control of handling.nice game to pass the time.
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lenfour ratingtwo remove the auto turning
lenfiftynine ratingone love the game but i purchased 150,000 coin pack in the game and never received the coins, i have emailed the developer twice and got no reply, as this was a in game purchace google play can no refund me do be aware when buying in game packs, still have not received coins and still no response from the developer
lenfive ratingfive the best timepass game ever
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwelve ratingfive def better then the first one.highly addictive two thumbs up indeed
leneight ratingfive i love temple run <3 i play it everyday!
lensix ratingfive ^.^ will there be a temple run 3?
lenthree ratingfive it download slow
lensix ratingone dosent let me play the game
leneight ratingfive this os funnier than the first one 100% recom!
lenfifteen ratingfive i've played temple run for a while now and this one is far superior.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are great and the game and new additions are always exciting and challenging.
lenseven ratingfive this is the best temple run yett.
lenfour ratingfive tryin to get 5 million.
lenthree ratingfive its soo fun
leneight ratingone please fix this bug, the game closes unexpectedly.
lenfifteen ratingone on my amdroid phones not working.slowly and always reboot my phone everytime i open.
lenfive ratingfive 100 times better than the first.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour the game all around is pretty gud but i downloaded it twice and it messed up both times it act like its gone start but den it don't it goes back to my main screen any suggestions
lenfour ratingfive extremely challenging and addictive
leneleven ratingfour ur runnig and get speed power and it doesn't overlap.
lentwentyone ratingfour also, when ur running down the rope with speed power ur speed increases like crazy ever after the power is gone.
leneight ratingfour sometimes insanely difficult to jump through two objects.
lenfour ratingfour lag kinda while playing 4.
lenseven ratingfour very bad service with coin buying procedure.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i bought 50k coins and paid $4.99 but those coins never appeared and i waste my 5 dollars give me my money back u assholes.
lenthirtyone ratingfive its way better than the first but when i first started i could turn well or slide so i deleted it then it started running smoothly again now its easier now
leneight ratingthree it keeps trying to make me buy stuff.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive lov this game
lenthree ratingtwo won't start.
leneight ratingtwo just goes black and back go home page.
lentwo ratingtwo bum city
lenfourteen ratingtwo rooted phone and changed rom it works but freezes after tut when u die.
leneight ratingtwo meaning i have to keep playing the tut.
lensix ratingfive fun way better than the first
lenfive ratingfive kids n myself love it
lenthree ratingfive its great game. .
lenseven ratingfive i love thiss it's so entertaining
lentwo ratingfive improved performance
lenten ratingfive have an optimus g and thr graphics are the best
leneleven ratingfive this game is totally awesome and very fun .install it now
lenfortythree ratingone it force closes when i try to play it i downloaded it and uninstalled it many times and i havent played one game can you please fix this for the samsung infuse 4g even after the update this is not fixed please fix it !
lenseven ratingone crashed before i got to play it!
leneleven ratingfive really a great game to play and enjoy.5 stars to it
lentwelve ratingtwo why do my stats reset after each game since the last update?
lenseven ratingone it doesnt work on my galaxy tab.
lenthree ratingfive eexelent game iove
lenfour ratingfour love the gameplay graphics .
leneighteen ratingfour only one star off for not receiving purchased coins and no response from the developers about said situation.
lenfive ratingthree this needs some sensitivity changes.
lenfive ratingthree i definitely turned not slid.
lenfour ratingfive just one word "awesome"
lensix ratingfive is nice game l am telling.
lenseven ratingfive nice 3d depth to it, def more fun.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentynine ratingone i have already more than 6 million lifetime coins still my mission of gold miner ( to collect 5 million lifetime coin) isn't completing.n top og that very difficult missions.
lensix ratingfive good on s3 but had minor probs.
lensix ratingfive on htc inspire.no complaints yet
lenthree ratingthree ok lah wth.really2 ?
lensix ratingfour its kinda hard to tilt right
lenfour ratingfive grafics are highly improved.
leneight ratingfive better in every single aspect and runs amazing!
lenseven ratingfive game has become laggy and started stuttering.
lenfive ratingfive please fix this awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingone i have tried installing this game twice on my handset.
lenthirteen ratingone both the times it was installed, the app doesn't run at all
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lenseven ratingfour i like the colors and the graphics.
leneight ratingfour i wish there will be more thrilling music:)
lentwo ratingfive resource hungry!
lenthirteen ratingfive fun game better than the first one, but the mine part is hard !
lentwo ratingfive truely addictive
lentwentynine ratingfour great app great featured , improvement should be that once i have one power and again pick up the same power then the power time doesn't resets to full .
lenten ratingfour due to whih the pic up power becomes a waste .
lenthree ratingfive crystal issue fixed!
lentwo ratingfive bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
lenfourteen ratingthree can't tilt on my htc fix it is killing me on the game
lenfive ratingfive smooth graphics and very addicting
lenfour ratingtwo coin count not accurate.
leneight ratingtwo one run i had over 2700, next run 1100.wth?
lentwentytwo ratingone i just installed the game on my phone and when i launch it, it doesn't load and force closes it self
lenthirteen ratingone i love this game.but its always stuck.to much bug.please fix.
lenseven ratingfive one of the best android games ever!
lensix ratingfive im 6 and good at this game
lenthirtythree ratingone noticed coins disappear they dont stay when iver a certain amount so u can never get 5000 or 10000 coins i got the 1000000 coin mark for tge level n didnt even see or use them.
lennine ratingfive this is probably the best gaming  app ever created!
lenten ratingfive why i couldnt download this game on my galaxy tab 1?
lentwelve ratingfive while downloading it says game couldnt be downloaded due to an error.
lenten ratingone the advanced graphics makes it so much harder to play!
lensix ratingone i love the origninal temple run.
lensixteen ratingone i download this and can't play it.it  just displays the green intro please fix
lensix ratingfive wonder ful game and best graphics .
lenseven ratingfour but should include resurrection option and invisibility
lenthirteen ratingfive it's extremely addicting, fun to play, and it provides a challenging experience.
lenfour ratingfive truely excellent work there.  :-)
lenten ratingone it seems a lot  of people have had this problem.
leneleven ratingone at the beginning after showing the logo screen it force closes.
lenseven ratingone fix n ill give a good rating
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfive excellent work by imangi studio to developed this type of game
lentwo ratingfive truly amazing.
lenseven ratingfive the 2nd part has better graphics and effects.
lenfourteen ratingone all i get is the app logo then it just goes to home screen
leneight ratingone every time i try to open  this app.
lenfive ratingone it shuts my phone off?
lentwentyfour ratingfive how do yu upgrade a samsung galaxy s t-mobile plss someone help me out contact download this game until i upgrade the firmware
lensixteen ratingfour love this app so much its better than first nice graphics n no glitches so far
lenfive ratingthree itz nt gud than first 1.
lenfive ratingfive games third i like games
lenfive ratingfive it's amazing good job
lenfour ratingfive very fun & addictive! >:d
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
leneight ratingfive whoever thought of this is a genus :) :) :) :) :) :) :d
lenfour ratingfive best game, works perfect.
lensixteen ratingfive didn't care for the first to well, but i'm in love with this version.
lenthree ratingfive its raw bro
lensix ratingfive love love love it super addictive!
lensix ratingfive like it more than its predecessor.
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2 ,but i lost my stats 2 times!
lentwentyone ratingfive not sure if it was my phone (htc sensation) or if it was temple run 2 , but other wise a great game
lenseven ratingfive one of the best game of mine.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's run smoothly in my phone and far better than previous one.
lensix ratingfive best game better than subway surf
lenten ratingfive better than the last one which itself was a masterpiece.
lenfive ratingfive it the best, nd fun
lenfive ratingfive best smartphone game out there.
lenfive ratingfive this is a total overdose.
lensixteen ratingfive simply i'm addicted to this game and play it as soon as i'm free.
lennine ratingfive jumping and sliding, collecting coins, and the temple walls.
lensix ratingfour better graphics, more depth, great fun.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingone ugh turning won't work
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingone what happend temple run?
lensixteen ratingone you were so freaking great now i cant even play you on my samsung galaxy tablet.
leneleven ratingone it kicks me out constantly please fix i love this game
lentwo ratingthree wau better
leneleven ratingfive simple and engaging.that's the way a game would be.
lentwo ratingfive woww great.
leneight ratingfive its just amazing to play temple run 2 :x
lenthirteen ratingtwo i cannot get this to work on my huawei ascend y? help, please.
lenseventeen ratingtwo every time i go to open it it goes to the imangi studios logo and then closes.
lenfive ratingtwo please fix for galaxy player 4.2
lennine ratingthree tilt ,still not fixed fix it and ll give 5*
lenthree ratingfive so smoothly runs.
lentwo ratingfive like butter.;-)
leneight ratingfive best ever game, everything is just about perfect.
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing graphics, smooth ui, better features.it's even more addictive that the previous version.
lenfourteen ratingfive most importantly runs real smooth on my phone, i love this game the most.
lentwelve ratingthree its cool & i lke this game but temple run2  senstivity is nt good.
lennineteen ratingfive this is my favorite game i love temple run it's so fun i rate this with five stars :-)
lennine ratingfour they really out did their job on the upgrades.
lentwo ratingthree im stuck.
lennineteen ratingthree although my stats show that i have completed the objectives, they don't get checked in the objectives menu.
lenseven ratingthree what's the point in playing anymore.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenthree ratingfive very exciting game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive this game is very addictive, it makes you keep playing non-stop; better than temple run 1 :)  it makes my heart jumps each time i play it haha.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run 2 has power ups, makes your life easier; its way better than temple run 1.
lenthirtyone ratingfive therefore, download this and enjoy! :d  note : i do not experience any lag on my phone while playing this but i do experience a little lag when i play temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive maybe it's the ram prob?
lensix ratingfive give it a five nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive the best game i 've ever seen
leneighteen ratingfour only that i jztt took 5days playing thiss game and then itt didnt let me play itt no more .
lenseven ratingfour i had too uninstall and install again.
lennine ratingfive this game is better then the first temple run
leneight ratingfive its mastha ;-) enjoyed trolley on tracks thoroughly in tr2 ;-)
leneighteen ratingtwo every time iget on it send s me a message to calibrate my compass, can any one help?
lentwo ratingfive love ittt!
leneight ratingfive never played first game but this one rocks!
lennine ratingfive i love this game and cant put it down.
lenten ratingfive this is the best game ever for an android phone
lentwentyone ratingone it freezes my phone and cant play it on my android very upset cuz i love this game please fix it!
lenfour ratingfive grat game to play
lentwentyseven ratingfour totally awesome,u guys did a very great game.i think i really like this one compare to the last version and its really smooth to play :)
lennine ratingtwo the game is the same thing with better graphics.
lenseven ratingtwo game gets old like the first one.
lenseventeen ratingtwo very little room for error, you find your self with trail and error, which is not fun.
lenseven ratingtwo i play 10 games and i'm bored.
leneight ratingtwo the controls are unresponsive like the first game.
lensix ratingtwo there are better games then this.
lenfour ratingfive nice game.loved it :)
lensixteen ratingfive the game doesnt update on my s3, but i gave 5 stars because the game is really good.
lentwelve ratingfive when i try to update it, it says invalid dow load package
lensix ratingfour its chalenging yet fun and entertaining
lennine ratingfive goof graphics and the is good with no bug
lenfifteen ratingfive saur simkuring mah ieu teh gim nu paling ngaracunan rame pisan euy ieu gim naaa :))
lenthirtyfive ratingone i am unable to download this game i have tried many times but every time it gives me a message that package file is invalid please let me know how can i download this game.
leneleven ratingfive annoyed that i lost a bunch of coins not sure why.
lentwentyseven ratingfive there is a bug if you got the invicible boost powerup and run onto a rope speed will still be fast even the boost has run out.
lenfour ratingfour graphics are really nice
lensix ratingthree atleast bette den d previous version
lenten ratingone like the game, but bought coins and never received them.
lenseven ratingfive one of the best game ever seen.
lenthree ratingfive after subway surfers
lenfifteen ratingone just not my type of game to do the same thing over and over again!
leneighteen ratingone maybe if you could start again at the same place you died it wouldn't be so frustrating.
leneleven ratingfive this game is more attractive when one's time you play
lenthree ratingfive really fun game.
lenseven ratingone i am not downloading this at 30.2 mb
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it!
lenfive ratingfive game memang dapat menghiburkan orang
lennine ratingfour excellent experience, but frame rate drops in my galaxy s3.
leneleven ratingfour having such amazing graphics, it's annoying when frame rate drops.
lentwelve ratingfour i've played it in ipad and iphone and it performs smoothly.
lenseven ratingfour new characters like in the previous please?
lenfourteen ratingfive this is no doubt the most exciting android-based game i've ever played!
lenthree ratingfive cool new obstacles.
lentwelve ratingfour i have collected 500,000 coins but still didnt clear the gold miner objective!
lenfifteen ratingfour its stuck at a constant level.the rating given by me is for the gameplay.
lensix ratingfour so funny games.  .i enjoy it
lensixteen ratingtwo its been barely 7 hours that i've downloaded this game, and i'm on level 8 already.
leneight ratingtwo already completed tasks have to be performed again.
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneleven ratingfive temple run has always been great.but temple run 2 is outstanding!
lentwentytwo ratingfive there's a huge skull-head monkey chasing you and you need to grab on robes, swing about in minecarts and more!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive imangi studios
lentwo ratingfour awesome & addictive!
lentwenty ratingfour compared to the first one there has been a lot of improvements to keep the audience occupied with its charm.
lenten ratingfive latest update solved the lagging issue on htc one x.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive m fan of this game
lenfive ratingfive superbbb.excellent game.getting addicted.!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneighteen ratingone i would have given it 5 stars but ever since the update the game won't even open anymore.
lenfifteen ratingfour add a feature of sharing your score with your facebook friends as in subway surfers.
lenseven ratingfour then it will be a 5-star app.
lenseven ratingfour i will be waiting for this update
lensix ratingfive this is nice game for child
lentwelve ratingfive my 7 year old daughter rates it as best game on my phone
lensixteen ratingfour to be really true its not as good as 1st 1, ot has nice graphics  but i liked 1st 1
lennine ratingthree reached 500k lifetime coins, but it won't recognize it.
lensix ratingfive temple run is an exciting game.
lenseventeen ratingfour when my friend suggested me to play temple run 1 i just removed it in less than 7 days .
lenseven ratingfour but graphic has changed in this version .
leneight ratingfour but still not that perfect to give 5 star.
leneleven ratingone great game, but the save me sometimes just closes the game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive just can't stop playing.so addicted to this game.love it.
lennineteen ratingfive it don't work wen i click on it to play it, it goes bac to d home page
lennine ratingfive i love dis game cant put da phone down
lenfour ratingfive its good & accilent app.
lenthree ratingfive very excellent game.
lensixteen ratingfive lots of fun, great graphics, a quick game to play if you got 10 mins to spare.
lenfour ratingfive better than older version
leneight ratingfive new environmental dynamics while retaining the original thrill.
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lenfour ratingfive as bit as addictive
lenthree ratingfive nice game to.
lenfour ratingfive more xcitng den last 1.!
lenthirtyeight ratingfour the game runs quiet fluently on my htc desire c in the starting but as you progress through.there are some noticeable lags which i wouldnt want to see.so if imangi fixes this , its a five star ! :)
lenten ratingfive this game is immense its so cool and very addictive!
lentwo ratingfive five stars.
lenten ratingfive thankyou for sorting out the glitch on my lg optimus l3 e400
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 1 was and awesome game both loved by iphone and samsung users.
lenfour ratingfive and now temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive gosh this game takes away my breath.
lensix ratingfive and im still running like crazy.
lenfour ratingfive great going imangi studios.
lenseven ratingfive please try to bring out temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive this is my favorite game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentythree ratingthree would be 5 stars, but on my droid bionic the side swipe to turn doesn't work if i have my charger plugged in.
lenfive ratingthree otherwise i'm totally addicted!
lenten ratingfive been waiting for it and italy totally nothing ull expect.
lennineteen ratingone this game is amazing but every time i load it won't work please fix would be 5 if fixed
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome enjoyed te tem2 .more tan temp1 .
leneighteen ratingfour its a very good game, so challenges seem nearly impossible such as collecting the 5 jems in one run
lentwo ratingone cant play.
lennine ratingone but i already download it on cherry mobile rave
lenfive ratingfour cool better than previous one
lentwo ratingfive temple run2 coolapp
lenfour ratingfive i like temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive it has improved so much, i am just so impressed with it.
lentwentytwo ratingfive though i have to say the ones in the 'mines', its very hard to as one have tp really tilt super fast.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are better den 1st
lenfifteen ratingfour the resurection wings should be restored and missions should be seen in the pause menu
lenthree ratingfive yeah:-p exciting!
lenfive ratingtwo not better than templerun 1&brave :-)
lensix ratingfive fast paced and lots of fun
lenseven ratingfour new look is good and more smooth.
lenfive ratingfive more tougher than original one.
leneleven ratingfive this game is more attractive when one's time you play
lenfifteen ratingfour pls add different paths.wud be an awesome game then.but still love this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is one of the best games out there  and its only a matter of time before it ranks the top!
lenthree ratingfive nice graphics super
lensix ratingfive graphics are superb, easy to control
leneight ratingfive temple run 2vere hard game so vere inters ing
leneleven ratingfive very nice game i can reduce graphics quality 5 stars for me. . .
lenseven ratingfour veery nice game i am loving it:-) :-) :-) :-)
lenfour ratingfour graphic updated, more challenging ^^
lenten ratingthree temple run team is now looking to make more money:(
lennine ratingfour at least i enjoy every moment i play this:)
lentwo ratingfive smply suprb.
lensix ratingfive cant say anything to dezcribe it!
lenfour ratingfive super super super addicting!
lenfive ratingfive nice game better than templerun 1
lensix ratingfive i love this game its awesome
lenfifteen ratingone does not work with my galaxy s tab and ive installed and uninstalled like 4 times.
lensix ratingfive good action, best graphics, smooth run.
leneight ratingfive this is a must have games for android.!:)
lensix ratingfive awesome game better than the first!
lenfour ratingfive must have app xd
lenfourteen ratingfive excellent game i have played ever in android my family play it ever yday .
lenten ratingfive i think there should be a series of temple run 5
lenfive ratingone game play sucks after update!
lenfour ratingone too laggy and lame!
leneight ratingone machod game hai yaar eske ama ke choot
lensixteen ratingthree the new and improved developmemts in-game are great, which provides for a really fun sequel.
lenfourteen ratingthree however, not being able to increase the sensitivity of tilt, is a major flaw.
lentwentyeight ratingthree tilting your character in the right direction is paramount for survival and with such a weird auto adjust calibrating program, higher sensitivity is required, especially in later levels.
leneighteen ratingthree i would advise a re-introduction of a sensitivity toggle in the settings menu in the next update.
lennine ratingfive hard mode is when your on that train-thing.
lenfive ratingfour becomes laggy after speeding up'!
lenthirteen ratingfive i am so win the games ok. just remember, i am soo win.!
lenseven ratingthree rating it average cox it gets stuck.
lenthirtythree ratingfour good game and smooth but i have a bug with objective.i already get more than 500.000 coins.but on objective graph meter nor syncronize.and i can't reach level 9.pls fix this
leneight ratingfour awesome game, but please, add a tilting sensitivity
lenfour ratingfour its fun and exciting!
lensix ratingfour my daughter loves playing this game.
leneight ratingone takes a lot of time to load game.
lenthirteen ratingone while playing its hangs up for a while.and i'll be dead.
leneight ratingone can't play the game continuously for 2 minutes.
lenfive ratingone waste of time and memory.
lensix ratingone but its good on apple phones.
lensix ratingone doesn't work properly on android.
lenthirteen ratingone i cant download it in my android tablet, theres always spalshing like error 498.
lennine ratingone if u can fix this i give 5 rating star.
lenfive ratingone im using samsung docomo tab.
lenfive ratingfive this game is very superb.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive super excellent
lenfive ratingfive luvin this at the moment!
lenthree ratingfive pure class peeps!
lentwo ratingfive hell yeah!
lenthirtytwo ratingthree it is a good game but my coins keep disappearing before it reaches 3, 000 please fix it and it happens more than 4 times really annoying then it can get the full 5 star rate
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing.0_0
lenfour ratingfive bttr than prvs vrsn
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
lenten ratingfour but i was wondering if multi device support is possible
lensix ratingfive game ini memang dapat menghiburkan orang :-)
lennine ratingthree this is really awesome compared to the previous version.
lennine ratingthree graphics, varying arena, save me, etc are too good.
lenfiftyfour ratingthree i found a bug in the game though-  if i collected a power (like magnet/guard) at time t1 and if the same power is taken (say at t2) before the first one disappears, then the time till the power should be active is (t2+t), but it is only active for (t1+t), which is a bug.
leneight ratingthree older temple run didn't have this bug.
lentwelve ratingfive realie gud defo recommend 2 u muthf*ckas rellie fun 2 play and yhyhyhyh
lentwentytwo ratingone i just installed the game on my phone and when i launch it, it doesn't load and force closes it self
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game worth downloading
lenseven ratingthree nice but train level is too difficult
lenseven ratingfive it is amazing it is so cool
lenseven ratingfive amazing  we need subway surfer game also
lenten ratingfive better than the last one it better graphifs and obsticles
lennine ratingfive i am vey happy to downlod this exited game.
leneleven ratingfour agree with others that the tilting needs to be more sensitive
lenfour ratingfive brilliant fun recommend ty
lenthirteen ratingfive maybe multiplayer could be added next.local lan split screen games or something
lensix ratingfive it's really a excellent game .
lenten ratingfour it's okay, just fix the log and and bugs.
lentwo ratingfive excellent features.
lensix ratingfive graphics are amazing.total fun guaranteed
lennine ratingfive thank you for fixing the issue with xperia sola :))
lenfour ratingfour i like this game.
lensix ratingfour play at my freetime lol :-d
lennine ratingthree keeps losing most of my coins - so cannot upgrade.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix this as there's not much point playing at the moment.
lennine ratingfive nakakalito naman i2ng laro na ito pero ok na rin :)
lensix ratingfive excellent game i really enjoy it
lenthree ratingfive nic to play
lenfourteen ratingfour it is a wonderful game.and much better than agent dash or temple run
leneleven ratingfive the best  subway surfers is a spit infront of temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive i like this game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome user
lentwelve ratingfour when i first installed the game it was awesome and ran smoothly.
lenfifteen ratingfour but now after a few updates, it has been lagging which causes me to die.
lenseven ratingfour please fix and i'll give 5 stars.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics n amazing levels
lenfour ratingfive addictive game.awesome graphics.
lenseven ratingthree its a good game, fun and stuff.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree but.it can just stuck in the beggining or middle of a game and you need to go to the task manager, delete it feom it, and tap on the app again.
lensix ratingfour reached 500k lifetime coins, objective remains unchecked.
lensix ratingfive the best game ever.so addictive
lenfour ratingfour better in every sense.
lenfive ratingfour surprisingly quite bug free to.
lennine ratingfour would love it if the objectives become slightly easier.
lentwelve ratingfour after a point they are quite dependant on luck rather than skill.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfifteen ratingthree it would be nice to see some new twists as you progress through the game.
lenfive ratingfive very fast and great graphics !
lenthree ratingfive very exciting game
lensix ratingfive nice and entertaining game like it.
lentwo ratingfour ketagihan, brader!
lenfour ratingfive out of dis world
lenten ratingone updated again and still force closes, cant play, please fix.
lensix ratingfive this is a really great application.
lenten ratingfive my daughter play it everyday until she forget to study
lenten ratingthree tilt sensitivity z quite less as compared to previous version.
lennine ratingthree if dat thng z updated then an awesome game
lenfifteen ratingone i already have 1.2 million lifetime coins and my midas touch objective is still not completed!
lenthree ratingfive an excellent game
lensixteen ratingone anyone there plz help me game does nt work in micromax ninja 4.0 but why help me.
lenseven ratingfive this z simply awesome n the best.
lentwo ratingfive thanks developers.
lenfive ratingone its downloaded but doesnt open
lentwo ratingfive smooth graphics :-)
lenten ratingfive i dnt play temple run 1 but this catches my attention.
leneight ratingfive nice graphics.i love the save me mode.
lenfive ratingone unable to perform tilting movement.
lenfour ratingtwo it stopped updating objectives.
lenseven ratingtwo im on level 8, one of the obj.
lenfourteen ratingtwo is to reach 500,000 lifetime coins and i passed that already, but did nkt update.
lenthirteen ratingtwo also highest run of 20 million :) fix this and you go back to 5 stars!
lenthree ratingfive i love game
lentwo ratingfive superb,adventerous
lennine ratingthree better than the first one, not exactly gripping though.
lennine ratingthree it's asks for real money far too often.
lentwo ratingfive wow lol
lenseven ratingone please fix the bugs for xperia sola
lennine ratingfive ever since i got the update it doesnt work
lennine ratingfour love it such an addictive game and so fun
lenfour ratingfive create some more objectives !
lenfour ratingfive much more better than tr1
lenfive ratingfour better than temple run 1st edition.
leneight ratingfour just wished that the sensitivity could be increased.
lenseven ratingfour apart from that,  cant ask for more!
lenfour ratingfive delicious funny addictive game
leneleven ratingfour great game but get bored by just running on and on
leneleven ratingfour more challenging than first and cool new twists from previous version.
lentwo ratingfive ninja kiruto
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfive ratingfour nice for wasting your time :)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone its a so bad n booring game
lensix ratingfour greate games :d i love it
lenthree ratingfive one word - addictive!
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome and really hard!
lentwentytwo ratingtwo why do i have to do the same objectives like 3 times.fix on sg note 2.dont u people test games b4 reales it.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lensix ratingfive and new features adds more fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingfive it is a really cool game and you should get it if you can
lentwo ratingfive great job
leneight ratingfive one of the amazing game in the world.
lenten ratingfour i liked the first one but this one is better.
lenfiftyone ratingone i cant download it an error accor i dont know why there is an error so plz plz fix this problem i really wanna try this new verion of temple run plz do something i really want to play this new one plz plz fix this problem as soon as possible
lensixteen ratingfive once again, congratulations for setting a new standard of quality other games can now aspire to.
lentwelve ratingfive beautifully crafted graphics both from the artistic standpoint and the realistic 3d feeling.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent.
lenten ratingthree im good w/ it but needs improvement is not sensitive
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a great game and has superb improvements and graphical displays than previous one.love it!
lensixteen ratingfive it was a very good application because it can relieve my stress when i play it
lenten ratingfive i can't stop playing it it's my interest
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive pretty addictive
lenfourteen ratingfive when comparing to the first temple run, the graphics alone get the five stars.
leneight ratingfive much more of an adventure with the sequel.
lenfortyseven ratingthree the graphics are really good but it lags when it come to tilt m swipe sensitivity u actually feel the game in breaks plz make it smooth on xperia neo l plz also i cant update it as it says package file invalid plz fix it asap
lentwo ratingfive vey excellent
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive fantastic improvements over the original without losing the addictive fun of the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive how about an update regarding stacking of powerups, plus more objectives i think.
leneight ratingfive imo this game is better than the first.!
lennine ratingfive runs great on my note 2 and a perfect gamr
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lentwelve ratingfour this game is pretty awesome, it just seems to foresee some times.
lensix ratingfive i love this game soooo much
lensix ratingfive more addictive than the first @awesome.
lentwelve ratingfour why does my coins reduce even tho i don't buy anything?
leneight ratingfive cool and fav game i have ever played
lentwelve ratingfour it's so much easier to see than the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
leneighteen ratingfive the first one got boring really quickly, but i don't think this one will any time soon.
lensixteen ratingfive and i really like the one big monkey instead of a whole bunch of small ones.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingfour nice game but after a while it gets boring i'll gv it a 4 star
lenten ratingfive its a clean swipe.and  i love they big monkey
leneight ratingfive fadu game h yaro maza aa gaya yar.
lensix ratingone wont start on my lg optimus 3d.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfive ratingfive i really love playng it.
lensix ratingfive superb grafics, nice abilities nd powerups .
leneight ratingfive thanks a lot for bringng the second version.
lenfour ratingfive good job imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive u guys rock.!
lenseven ratingfive waitng for more games from ur side.
lenfour ratingone geting struk.force close
lentwo ratingfive lovely game!
lennine ratingfive more challenging than the 1st one.thumbs up imangi xd
leneighteen ratingfive it is a great game i played the first version i liked it but this is totally awesome
lensixteen ratingone everytime i click to play the game, the logo apears and then the app for closes.
lenseventeen ratingone i'm on the motorolla triumph, pretty upset to see the game can't just run properly.
lentwo ratingone uninstall forsure :/
lenten ratingfour better than the first but more difficult than the first
lenseven ratingtwo doesnt work with android 2.2 huhu so sad
lenfive ratingfive very nice game.good graphics.
lenthree ratingfive a nice game.
lenfive ratingfour its awsm.words fail me!
lenfour ratingfive flawless, addictive and fun.
lenfifteen ratingfour addictive, love it, more challenging than the first but damm it's a battery killer
lenseven ratingfour have had a blast playing this game!
lentwelve ratingfour to often an up slide is misidentified as a right/left slide.
lenthree ratingfive lo  love it.
lentwelve ratingthree it lags sometimes .its graphics is also not upto the temple run.
lenfour ratingfive love it, extremely addictive
lennine ratingfour it help pass the time fast when am bored.
leneight ratingfour exhilarating but turn control could be more sensitive.
lenfour ratingfive nice game better then tr1
lenseven ratingfive that is the best and 5 times better
leneleven ratingfive the first one was amazing but this one is just outstanding
leneight ratingfour graphics is a huge addition to this 2nd part.
lenfourteen ratingfour some few minor glitches at random, but an excellent time passing game to play.
lentwentyone ratingfour the mine part is a bit annoying though. :p just a score comparing-sharing option, and i will rate it full 5!
lenfifteen ratingfour it is a very good game but please fix the problem with the 500,000 & 1,000,000 coin objectives.
lenfourteen ratingfour i am passed them and it will not credit the objective as being completed.
lennine ratingthree it's a good game but stops a lot!
lenseven ratingfive better than the first and subway surfers.
lenthirteen ratingthree much better from the original.but now it crashes when starting the app!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensix ratingfive playing and playing day and night.
lenfour ratingfive thanks for wonderful game.
lennine ratingthree installed the latest update and my game has reset.
lennine ratingthree everything has disappeared and i have to start again.
lennineteen ratingfive this improves on the original, with better graphics; more varied gameplay; an improved reward system and new character abilities.
leneight ratingfive fans if the original will not be disappointed.
lentwo ratingfive coll animation.
lenseven ratingtwo amazing game but literally took $20 from me.
leneighteen ratingtwo i bought gems and didn't see one of the 500 of them that i was suppose to receive.
lentwo ratingfive lovely.fun!
lenthree ratingfive i ran 8500 meters
leneight ratingfive it doesn't let me play, please help ?
lentwo ratingfive pretty addictive!
lenten ratingfive please add chalange mode where we can challange facebook friends
leneight ratingthree doesnt pause wen incoming calls ring.game restarts.
lenseventeen ratingfour played the first and the secend one lives up to the repation of tghe first gett.it
lensix ratingfive runs smoothly, addictive but yet frustrating!
lenfour ratingfive all around great game!
leneight ratingfive it's a nice game.am enjoying it
lenseven ratingfour hangs from time to time while running
lentwo ratingfive vry nice.
lenthirteen ratingfour love the new one but latest update keeps pausing the game, very frustrating!
lentwelve ratingthree all my completed objectives are gone after the update has been done.
lensixteen ratingfive very fun it does glitch every once in a while but for the most part perfect
lennine ratingfive out of both temple runs i prefer this one
lenfour ratingfive yay a real one!
lenfour ratingfive pls report fake ones,.
lentwentyone ratingthree however sometimes when i jump i can be going straight and the character will just turn and jump off the side.
lentwelve ratingthree kind of like a suicide wasn't doing this before the update.
lensix ratingfive i have already played temple run.
lenten ratingfive and when i've played temple run 2, i was speechless.
leneight ratingfour amazing but graphics is sticking in my mobile. .
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game
leneleven ratingfive i love this game, just like the original now even better
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingone i spent 3 pounds on the coun doubler for it to have no affect.
lenfourteen ratingone thanks a lot you scum, you wouldn't like your money being wasted assholes!
lentwentytwo ratingone i love this game but after  update it still won't load past the first screen on my lg optimus 3d p920 please fix:)
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous version.
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and sensitivity
lenfourteen ratingfive i love it, great graphics,, no lag, i think its better than the first!
leneleven ratingfive i'm always trying to beat my score,in this game.
lennine ratingfive temple run 2 is a little harder than the first
lenfourteen ratingfive if you have temple run,delete it.temple run 2 is the best game alive!
lentwo ratingfour time breaker!@@
lentwentyeight ratingfive this is really helpful  loveit and if u like or love temple run, any angry grans or any subway surfers then you will lov this so please install.
lentwelve ratingfive u likre angry grab or subway surfers then this us even better
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenten ratingthree its glitching and it want restart  back to the begenning
lenfour ratingfive awesome new temple run!
lennineteen ratingfive i like the new format of the game but it seems to be slightly delayed when turning or jumping.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for another awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive adventure game
lenseven ratingfive nice game, really improve than temple run 1 =)
lennine ratingfive i love temple run 1 & temple run 2 .its just cool!
lentwelve ratingfour it has kept the repo build up by temple run1.addictive and adventorus.
lensix ratingfive fun to compete with your friends
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the place, the caracters, etc. looks very easy to get more than 500 coins!
leneleven ratingfive i prefer temple run 2 than temple run or temple run brave.
lensix ratingfive i love the way they run!
lenten ratingfour nice game this is the first time i am using
leneight ratingfive i got a new galaxy grand and its gr8 !
leneight ratingfive bigger badder and better than the last version !
lenseven ratingfive kudos to the developers of ds game.
leneight ratingfive the graphic is awesome, and it run smooth.
lenthree ratingfive nice addicting game
lenfive ratingone it's a great game!
lenseventytwo ratingone i've tried it on other people's phone and it works fine, but for some reason, it doesen't open on my phone (samsung infuse) :( i click on the icon, it opens and it instantly crashes.so i haven't been able to play it on my own phone (i even uninstalled and installed again and again, but it keeps doing the same thing).please fix :( then i'll give 5 stars.
lenfour ratingone such a takladi game.
lenfourteen ratingone do not  download this game.throw this game into dustbin because this is rubbish.
leneight ratingfour completed d objectives but stil its showing incomplete.
leneight ratingfive everything is fixed.excellent game.gave it 5 stars
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive is cool and good graphics
lenseven ratingfive nice features, graphic,excellent game to play .
lensix ratingfive exactly what i was expecting from #2.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a good, iterative expansion on the original, providing hours of fun .  .
lenten ratingfive just don't let your boss catch you playing it.
lenthree ratingfive very exciting game
leneight ratingfive a million times better than the first one
lentwentyseven ratingtwo game play is very good but the one thing that is really annoying is how sometimes when you're scrolling in the store you randomly buy something!
lentwelve ratingtwo if they could add a 'confirm purchase' button that would be great.
lentwo ratingfive plain awesome
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i love it the first one was boring after playin it for a while but this one has alot more different scenes and obstacles and the graphics are great on my galaxy note2.
lensix ratingfive so goodbye subway surfers for now
leneleven ratingone i updated today and took all my stats and everything away
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfive nice time pass
lennine ratingfour excellent graphics and excellent upadtae from the previous version
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool!
lentwelve ratingfour i just want it to be saved directly to my sd card.
lenseven ratingfive fantastic timepass game, and a great graphics.
lentwo ratingfive top gaming
leneleven ratingfive it is a awsome game ever  evry thing had others told
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive simple yet it is so adicictive
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenfifteen ratingfive the additions of the zip line and mine car are definitely improvements over the original.
lenthree ratingfive like a sir.
lenfive ratingfive it is a awesome game.
lennine ratingfive many new updates and changes from the first part
lenthirtynine ratingfive its obviously better than any other games of its kind subway rail rush or d original temple run but my objectives are not working like i got to 5 lakh lifetime coins still the mission is not clearing .plz help
lenfortysix ratingone i have installed this game twice on my phone now and it won't work ot just stays on the home screen with the i  nothing happens i'm not happy it jas taken my credit to download twice and it doesn't even work wtf
lentwo ratingfive excellent piece!
lenfourteen ratingfive a really awesome app with more feature added in to it as compared temple run1.
leneight ratingfive fantastic especially the graphics, gameplay is also excellent
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the best what i like the most is the mine carts
lennine ratingfour grat but needs an overlay change on 8 inch tablets
leneighteen ratingfive best and exilent game i love it it is my best and fav game plz try every one
leneight ratingone y can't it run in htc explorer.
lenfour ratingone plz fix dis na
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a lot more fun than subway surfers beats it any day :)
lennine ratingfour you like temple run, you'll love this one.
lenfour ratingfive superb & mind glowing+ blowing
lentwentyone ratingfive why is it that i already reached my 1 million lifetime coins but my midas touch objective is still not yet completed?
lenfour ratingfive fix this issue pls!
lenthree ratingfive awesome time killer.
lensix ratingfive big step up from the orginal.
lennine ratingthree installed the latest update and my game has reset.
lennine ratingthree everything has disappeared and i have to start again.
lennine ratingthree and it crashes when i finish the first run.
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenfive ratingfive very smooth on the note 2
lenfour ratingfive still a additive game
leneleven ratingone whats the point in playing if the darn objectives get stuck.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
leneighteen ratingfive this captures a good balance of addictive play without forcing pay per gold or diamonds down your throat.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's a really well thought out game and i enjoy it thoroughly.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive love the new look
lentwo ratingfour great games.:)
lenfive ratingtwo way better than the original.
lenseven ratingtwo it actually saves on my phone now.
lensixteen ratingtwo on the other hand it does kinda skip a beat if you know what i mean.
lensixteen ratingtwo now it freezes after every run and i can't edit my settings without it freezing.
lenfourteen ratingone game sounds awesome but on lg trill it wont go past first load screen.
leneight ratingone then if u tap it it force closes
lennine ratingfive best in the world this is what you want
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lenthree ratingfive awesome game xd
lenfifteen ratingfive so different from the old one, but well , it still runs :) i love the concept.
lenthree ratingfive very addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive aat aa ji
lenfive ratingfive this game is really amazing.
lenseven ratingfive really fun better than the first one
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is sooooo good that even during exam's i'm playin' it.
lensix ratingfive love playing it all day long ! :)
leneleven ratingfour there's no home screen app for the game please fix.
lenthree ratingfour device: pantech burst.
lenthirteen ratingfour this app is very good and you will never get bored while playing.
lenten ratingfour you can't stop playing once you started to play.
leneight ratingfour but recently i received an update of nearly 32mb.
lentwelve ratingfour with that my sony tipo gets hanged while i start to play.
lenfive ratingfour this is a cool game.
lenseven ratingfour hurry up or your going to die
lensixtysix ratingthree this game is to good i gave it 3 star and i wanted to give it 4 or 5 star but i did not because i have played first version off this game and i have too bored off that therefore this game did not looks totally different to me but if you are playing that game first time so this game will very entertaining for you thank you
lennine ratingtwo whenever i try to play it opens and quits.
lenseven ratingone it is not downloading in my phone.
lensixteen ratingthree yeah so very nice i have to admit.but why do my coins keep goin missing?
lentwelve ratingthree please fix.as this was a problem on brave aswell.thank you!
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
leneight ratingfive first version was awesome and this was great!
leneight ratingfive i had fun so much with temple run 2!
lenten ratingfive i loveeee it but on my phone 8t keeps on freezing
lensix ratingfive this game is off the hook
leneleven ratingone it wont let me play the game so please fix it
lentwentyeight ratingfive i showed this game to my mom and she loves it but she is older and has a disability so when the game gets faster she becomes frustrated.
lenfifteen ratingfive would love too see a setting that the user can select for speed of run.
lentwelve ratingfive that way she can chose to slow it down and play longer.
lennine ratingfive the game is awesome and the team as well.
lentwentyone ratingfive i had some problems with the graphics of the game and they fixed it and now the games is perfectly fine.
lenfour ratingfour keeps the kids entertained.
lenseven ratingfive i really love this game it rocks
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive grate game
lentwo ratingfive great 3d game
lenfour ratingfive it is highly addictive !
lenfive ratingfour game lover should have it
lensixteen ratingthree i love this version.however, at level 8 one of the objectives is to accumulate 500,000 lifetime coins.
lenfour ratingfive good game, very addictive. :-)
lenseven ratingfive super game ever.m addicted to it
leneight ratingone complted objective of 500000 yet shows to be complete
lenfour ratingfive i luv tis game
leneight ratingthree crashes phone, restarts phone in middle of game.
lenfive ratingthree cool game, love the graphics.
leneight ratingthree oh well, should be doing something productive anyway.
lensix ratingfive osame games no games like any
leneight ratingfive tons of fun best game yet except eden
lentwelve ratingfive m really enjoying this game, i give five star to this game
lentwo ratingfive fantastic experience
lenfive ratingfive this game is the bom
lenfive ratingfive itr very nice for update
lenthirteen ratingfour love the game, its genious but lag is the problem on andriod devices.
leneight ratingfour get this fixed and it'll be perfect!
lenseven ratingfour this is better than 1 with more graphics
lenten ratingthree the only problem is that it isn't responsive sometimes.
lenseventeen ratingtwo game lags badly often kills me before the first obstacle at times doesn't read my touch
lentwo ratingfive kinh chua
lensix ratingfive best game ever from my opinion
leneight ratingfive love this game can't stop playing it!
lenten ratingone freezes my phone and i hate the new look stupid!
lensix ratingone should've left ?the images along .
lensix ratingfive no lag at all love it
lentwo ratingfive great game #1
lensix ratingone it wont open on my phone!
lenfifteen ratingone i want to play really bad but it never gets past the imangi studios thing!.
leneleven ratingone it was updated and i still just get a black screen!
leneight ratingfive vey kool game, its a must get app :-)
lenthirteen ratingthree but it would be better if we can save data on sd card
lenseven ratingfive rawr best app ive had in years
lenthree ratingfive faad good game
lensix ratingfive it more extreme than temple run :)
leneighteen ratingfour awsome :d but ever scince the update its just taking way too much space please fix or uninstall.
lenfive ratingfour thnxs for great game though.
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lenthirtyeight ratingfour but has bugs: sometimes i try to turn or jump and my charecter deosn't respond, sometimes the game flips backwards, and for powerups certain powerups require 2 gems t increase power and it says only 1 gem is required
lenten ratingfive this has to be america's next favourite pass time!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwelve ratingone every time it gets to the imangi screen the game shuts down!
lensixteen ratingfive one of the best games i ever played, though i keep updating it, it bugs me.
lenfive ratingfive really fun and super addicting
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenthree ratingtwo a lot beta
leneleven ratingfour its a great game but what happen to the football player.
lenfour ratingfive este juego es adictivo
lentwo ratingfive great visual
lennine ratingfive this is such an awesome and time sucking game.
lenfive ratingfive im really addicted to it.
lennine ratingfive must play.graphics are much better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive just likei said n my title
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting!
lenfourteen ratingfive dis game the gunk its fun an one of the best games iv ever.
lenseven ratingfive 5+ million score, 12k distance in one run.whew!
lenten ratingone it says i have less money than i actually have.
lenthirteen ratingone and it keeps changing every time i play, i never even spend it.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwentyfour ratingone i have a motorola blur and all i get to is the start up screen even with the new patch it doesn't work
leneight ratingfive (^.^) awesome game, got hooked can't stop playing.
lenten ratingone the game won't load whenever i select the app!
lenseven ratingone i am unable to play the game.
lenfive ratingfive waaaay more fun fun fun!
lenfourteen ratingone i m disappointed with this .it says package file is invalid.please fix it
lensix ratingone game begins to load then crashes.
lentwo ratingone tried reinstalling.
lenseven ratingone still does not work on droid defy.
leneighteen ratingone it's pretty bad when you download a game, play it once, and then it never opens again.
lentwelve ratingone i've re-installed it twice with the same conclusion each time.
lentwentyone ratingone on three different occasions, i've powered off my phone and my stats were completely reset after i powered back on.
lentwelve ratingone love the game, but won't keep playing until it's fixed.
lenthirteen ratingfive i kinda wish i didn't like it as much as i do.
leneight ratingfive i waste to munich time playing this game.
leneight ratingfive it's so easy to get sucked in!
lenthree ratingfour very nice game!
lenfour ratingfour love it soooooo much!
lentwo ratingfive wow great
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so good.
lenfourteen ratingfive runs great on my galaxy 3.much better game than the 1st temple run for sure!
lensix ratingfour better and nicer than last one
lentwo ratingfive rly gud.
lentwenty ratingfive looks very cool and played on my friends phone but won't work on my dell venue please fix soon
leneleven ratingthree its cool but it glitches a lot i mean a lot!
lennine ratingfive very goood but somewhat tooo hard but also fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingfive runs great on my s3, no lag and haven't had any problems with objectives like some, great sequel
lenthirteen ratingfive great game love the first one to just wanna see what i got
lenfour ratingfive this game is  awesome .
lentwentyseven ratingfive very addicting i just don't like the small far right & left corners always get me i don't like them but other than that great game
lentwo ratingfive suprd game
lenfour ratingfive my daughter loves it!
lenseven ratingfive my office mate is addicted to it!
lenthree ratingfive runs smooth now
lenfive ratingfour a bit lags some times.
lenfive ratingfour but really fun when playing
lennine ratingthree it's a good game but sometimes it freezes .
lensixteen ratingfour i saw some friends playing this at a time when i was still addicted 2 the original!
lenten ratingfour i downloaded it ovr the weekend n i love it! :-)
lenten ratingtwo plzz fast up the download access it is vry slw
lenseven ratingfive just a lil lagging tho but perfect
lenseventeen ratingone i liked the first one but this one would forced closed every time i tried to play
lennine ratingthree kind of freezes a bit but pretty good game
lenthree ratingfive better and improved .
lenfour ratingfive it's super fun.
leneight ratingfive the game is good but needs more characters:-[
lentwo ratingfive super addicting
leneighteen ratingfive oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah
lentwentytwo ratingfour still could use some work like fixing the lag but much better improvements with the lag compared to the first temple fun.
lenfour ratingfour like the new games!
lenthirteen ratingone dosn't work with my phone so i couldn't rate this app.
lenseventeen ratingfive i already finished the one million lifetime coins objective but the 500,000 lifetime coins objective is still unchecked!
lenthirteen ratingtwo can someone tell me how to work it on s amsung galaxy s 1
lentwentythree ratingfive i love this game but once it crashed & i couldn't open it but when i uninstalled it & reinstalled it it worked again.
leneight ratingfive this sequel is significantly better than the original.
lenfifteen ratingfive there seems to be more variety in the environment, obstacles, and the rewards are better.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics look awesome.
lenseventeen ratingfive it runs perfectly on my droid dna, no lag or skipping at all on high graphics setting.
lennine ratingtwo the first one has more character to choose from.
lentwelve ratingtwo you get more lifetime coins, and the people ran a lot faster.
lennine ratingtwo and i'm really not liking the new environment.
lenfive ratingtwo i wouldn't recommend it.
lennine ratingtwo i wish i wouldn't have uninstalled temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive alot of fun great for car rides
lenfive ratingfive dis is a fun game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenten ratingfive a very addictive game and much better than the previous .
lenthree ratingfive loved the game
lentwentyone ratingfive it lags with other low devices but all you need to do is to jump until the guy catches the rope!
lenthree ratingfive and ta-da!
lenseven ratingfive no more lags (for the current game)
lenfifteen ratingfive few glitches - stops sometimes & when monster is chasing the character doesn't respond to directions.
lentwentysix ratingthree it has several things that need to be fixed, like the power ups not extending the life of the power up after grabbing a second one.
lentwentyfive ratingthree when you power up an ability with gems, you have to repower it up again if you switch ability or exit the game, very annoying.
lentwentyfour ratingthree a couple of other bugs however the game is still playable and but it is much easier than the first one, not very challenging.
lentwentyseven ratingfour i am an explorer n archeologist, and i never see a beast like that chases u. and beleive me i been chased by all types of creatures.
lentwelve ratingfour but the obstacles are very true  to when im in the jungles
lenthirteen ratingfive much more diverse than number 1, and i enjoy both games, well done imangi.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive ok game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive i love the game
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't even work for me i have tried differnt ways and still wonmt work
lenfifteen ratingone when i try to open it, it does not open this needs to be fixef
lenten ratingfive i really love this game very addicting and challenging a++++
lenfive ratingfive my kids love to play.
lennine ratingfive much better than the other one this is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingthree fun game, but it freezes too often
lennine ratingfour i cant tilt but i still pass the tutoral
leneight ratingone this game makes me wanna eat the butt
leneight ratingfive i love this game from the previous version.
lenseven ratingthree it froze and erase all my  data
lenseven ratingthree its still very laggy, which is annoying
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfour its alright better than the last one by far
lenfive ratingfive absolutely superb game, very addictive.
lenfour ratingfive just love this game.
lenten ratingfive this games is very very fun i love this game
lenfive ratingfive i love this game.alot.
lennineteen ratingfive n. new version is more than better of my expectations.,. i really enjoyed .keep it up //////great job done
lenthree ratingfive nice and thrilling.
lenfour ratingone at the "imangi studios"
leneighteen ratingone thing when you first open it, it sits there for a while and then force closes, please fix.
lenseven ratingfive but i am greatly enjoying this one.
lensix ratingfive a huge improvement on all front
leneight ratingfive a lot better than the first temple run;-)
lennine ratingfour it's fun but it could be much better!
leneight ratingone dont get this game it dosent even work!
leneleven ratingfour the game is good but,  i  won't rate it 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive best game on market
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenthree ratingfive ultimate time killer.
lenseven ratingfive how could they make temple run better?
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive seriously this game is so addicting.
lentwelve ratingfive i'm terrible at it, but i just want to keep trying!
lenseven ratingfive and you can't beat the price.
lenseven ratingfive have you been living under a rock?!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive this game is all over the world!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfour very fun game
lenten ratingfive i really hated temple run 1 but this one is awesome.
leneight ratingfive i like how theres a mine and ziplines
lenfour ratingfour wish for new challenge.
lentwo ratingfive freaking awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour i love this gme
lenfive ratingfour nice continuation of the original.
lenseventeen ratingfive it is really it is really cool this i love it.if this i love it.if
lensix ratingfour you do a lot of running
leneleven ratingfive since installing this, i've been sleeping late and working less.
lenseven ratingfive awesome me and bro vrs eatch other
lentwenty ratingfour it tooks lots of time for loading also it hangs during playing so it irritating me.plz fix this guys
lenseven ratingfour my coins keep going down very annoying
leneight ratingfive awesome, like it even better than the first!
lenthree ratingfive pretty cool game
lenfive ratingfive im glued to the game.
lenthree ratingfour good time spender
lenfifteen ratingfour it lags at the first beginnig but after you play for a while its fine.
lenseven ratingfour other than that, amazing, fun, addictive game!
lennine ratingfour awesome game but it glitches and the player dies.
lenseventeen ratingfour and then when i play again the monkey and the  man never comes out of the cave.
lenten ratingfour so i have to exit the game and come back.
lenthree ratingfour waiting for update.
lennine ratingfive anybody can enjoy this game just download and see!
lentwentyfive ratingfive it is so fun for all ages and is a goodngame for some one who likes strategys and i think every one should try it
leneight ratingfive its a great idea to make this game
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is a very awesome and a upgrade from the last temple run
lentwentysix ratingone im not sure if its my device but every time i want to play it my phone vibrates and it goes back to the home screen
lentwelve ratingfour its good but u guys should change a lil bit the scenary.
lenseven ratingfive very fun better then the first one
lenthree ratingfive a real pleaser.
lenthree ratingfive terrific app game!
leneleven ratingfour it does not resume in xperia u after receiving the call.
lensixteen ratingfour the magnet effect does not add with the previous magnet effect when it is taken twice.
lenfive ratingfour plz fix these bugs asap.
lenfour ratingfive fun game very challenging
lenten ratingfive the pictures are very nice and vibrant, very nice colors.
lenfiftythree ratingfive it's very nice if you want to kill time.the only thing is when your running, i don't if it's just me, but it sorta botthers me when t he path stops and you have two ways to go it confuess me at first because all you see is coluds.
lentwentyseven ratingone this game is gypsy it says it's loading but then it force closes and that isn't cool not at all this faker than your jordans
lenfive ratingfive fun fun fun highly addictive!
lentwo ratingone alright game
lensix ratingone it dosnt let ne play it :/
leneleven ratingone plenty o space on phone, downloaded fine, but won't open.
lenthree ratingone crashes after 1st screen
lenthree ratingfive totally endless joy
lensix ratingfour better than the previous 1, nice graphics :-)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive runs smooth and super addictive !
lenfour ratingfour great game nice graphic
lennine ratingone deleted all my data and my high score of 6000000
leneight ratingfour loved the first one an this is amazing!
lenfiftyone ratingfour i am so addicted but, it keeps taking my coins off me for no reason :( big fat boo! i just watched my coins go from 1,327 to 493 an i didn't buy nothing! can't save to unlock my next power up people. sort it out :) part from that, perfect! ;) thanks x
lenfour ratingfive omg i love it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentynine ratingone it ks practicly the same game as the first one but slightly differ it sucks subway surfers is way better, how many people like this game its not great
leneleven ratingone love template run trying to download ii o my android tablet.
leneight ratingfive great game to play while on the crapper!
lenten ratingfive now the run got more adventuras then before .superb app
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennine ratingfive great time waster and soo much fun to play!
lentwelve ratingtwo the moment i enter the game, when it reaches the loading page.
lenfour ratingtwo pls fix it asap!
lenfour ratingfour my 3 kids like it.
lensixteen ratingfive very good imangi studios, you added alot of new things to this game keep it up
lensixteen ratingone i really enjoy the second temple run but it keeps freezing & glitches while playing please fix.
lentwenty ratingfive improvements over the first temple run mean this is still up there in terms of the best time wasters available!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive its the best game i've played so far.
lenfour ratingfive plz add more characters.
lenseven ratingfive make like a soldier or a knight.
lennine ratingfive and i suggest making more maps to run on.
lensix ratingfive thank u for making this game
leneighteen ratingfive yo this is cool you get to do everything  u get to go in tunnles jump over stuff.
lensix ratingfive you need to play this man
lentwelve ratingfour i love this app but the tilt seriously needs to be improved
lentwelve ratingthree great game, but always crashes and fail to startup half the time
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwentyfive ratingfour love the game, but hate that you often can't see the bonus items at all until it is too late to jump for them.
lenfour ratingfive it needs more dlc
lentwentyfive ratingfive dis game is awsome but some peoople say just temple run is fun and i say it is so borring now that we have temple run2
lentwo ratingtwo poop nipples
leneight ratingone beware if you buy coins withing the game!
lenthirteen ratingone i tried to buy 5000 coins withing the game for 0.99$; coins were not credited.
lennine ratingone tried a second time, a then got the 5000 coins.
lenfive ratingone but overall, i was charged 2x 0.99$.
lenfourteen ratingone i contacted the developer for a refund of 0.99$ and never heard back of them. :(
lenthirtyone ratingfive i was never a fan of the first because of its dry boring environment, but i find this one very fun with better environments and more to do (minecarts, challenges, leveling)
lenfour ratingfour i love this adventure.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive a much improved version of an already awesome game!
lenfortyeight ratingfour i love this game its way better than the first one i would of gave it a 5 but it frezzes all of ola sudden as if its hsvibg trouble catching up other than that no doubt about it if you liked temple run 1 u must try this game
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is fun n challenging when you first start but it becomes addictive so no worries you will definitely get the hang of it
lentwelve ratingone i have a samsung galaxysii  and i can't play the game.
lenthirteen ratingone it resets every time i load it loads so i lose my progress.
lenseven ratingone the game also locks when i die.
lenfour ratingone i want to play.
lensix ratingfour it helps me pass the time <3
lennine ratingfive it's and excellent game hope you enjoy it
lenfive ratingfive addictive and fun for filler!
leneighteen ratingfour i love the game but can you put it to where we can compete with our facebook friends.
lensix ratingfour then ill give it five star.
lensixteen ratingfour pretty good but fyi don't get free music paradoxes it had a virus in it
lenfive ratingfour i really like the game
lensixteen ratingfour very good game, one of the best, only drawback goals get near impossible towards the end
leneight ratingfive this is realy awesome very hooked on it
lenfive ratingthree average was a little boring
lentwentythree ratingone it just force closes on my kyocera hydro please fix.just shows the i then boom it like restarts my phone or something
lenfour ratingfive shyt fun as hell!
lenfour ratingfive this game is enjoyable
lenfour ratingfive similar to the original.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive this is really rreally great !
lentwelve ratingfive i've never played it before but i think this is cooooool !
leneight ratingone there are so many bugs, its very aggravating.
leneighteen ratingone it doesn't function properly, won't update, it freezes, & glitches every time i try to use it!
lenfive ratingone very unhappy with this app.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingone ran update, still crashes on startup, please fix.
lentwo ratingone lg thrill
leneight ratingfive grandson plays it everytime he sees my phone. .
leneleven ratingfive lovn this version more than previous one.totally addictd to tr.?
lentwenty ratingone this application doesn't even work as soon as i try to play it just exits on it's own.
lenfour ratingone force closes on me.
lenfive ratingone can't play the game.
lennine ratingone its really complicated, i dont get the power ups.
lentwelve ratingfive this game is a way better upgrade to the first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive just tight yo.
lensixteen ratingfive this game better then subway surfers no lie but just a little bit but still fun
lentwentytwo ratingthree i have never once been able to play the game on my device, it always force closes at the imangi loading screen.
leneight ratingone wouldnt even,let me start that's lame.
leneight ratingone this game is crap it does not open
lenfiftyseven ratingtwo do not install temple run 2 for android, the gitches it has are the worse because when you jump you go all the way to the side and die also when you jump from one land to the other you can fall thru the floor i hope imangi studios fixes this and i hope temple run 3 is better
lenthirtyfour ratingfour i like it and all but i wish u could choose what u want to accomplish instead of the game picking it for u. plus it needs more characters than those 4 and more coins.
lenten ratingfour besides that it is awesome and better than temple run 1.
leneighteen ratingtwo this game was awsome then i got the update and it force closing before it even finishes loading.
lennine ratingtwo please fix i really want to play the game!
lennine ratingfive the game is just as addicting as the first.
lenfifteen ratingone everyone i try to open this game it goes right back to my home screen.
lenten ratingone have tried to reinstall and uninstall 4 times please fixed this
lenfive ratingfive wow this game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive more action
lenseven ratingfour 500,000 gold objective requires 1,000,000 lifetime gold to get?
lenseven ratingfour also not impressed with 10,000,000 meters objective after 1mill.
lenfive ratingfive new paths, goals and challenges.
lenfive ratingfive the best addictive game ever !
leneight ratingthree always crash since last update, please fix it :)
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lentwelve ratingtwo i liked temple run 1, but now i keep losing all my coins.
lenfifteen ratingfive love thz game.i've played the first version but the scnd one is awesome .
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfive ratingfive more animation and new adventures.
lenfour ratingfive hey this is fun
leneleven ratingfive feel in love with temple run 1 love this one even mo3e amazing!
lensix ratingfive p.s i love one direction
lenfifteen ratingone if you can you how to make the size samall then it is good game
lentwentyeight ratingfour the game was brilliant and the graphics were really good but i removed a star because i sometimes had to refresh my phone completely because it had frozen.
lenthree ratingthree great game undoubtedly!
lensix ratingthree bravo to the programmers and designers!
lennineteen ratingthree on the game itself please improve tilt -left right placing- it had better user experience in the first game.
leneighteen ratingthree also do something for the monkey he can not run on nothing when the way is half crumbled!
leneight ratingthree seriously, the constant begging for money is annoying.
lenthirteen ratingthree more importantly, rework your power up activities, they are not appealing at all.
lenfive ratingthree they are confusing and unclear.
lenseventeen ratingfour i currently have 515 k lifetime coins, but the objective for getting 500k lifetime coin is not yet completed.
leneight ratingfive i love  the new version of the game!
lensix ratingfive it's better then previous one.
lenfive ratingfive id give 10 stars if possible
lenseven ratingfive much improved from the first, love it!
lenfortyseven ratingfive it's a great game and a lot of fun but i can't seem to collect any money, not buying updates or anything and my money goes from about 3,000 down to only how much i earned that round, it won't get past a certain point
leneight ratingfive way better than the first, i love it!
lentwentysix ratingtwo no matter how hard i try to turn it just won't turn it stays in one line if this gets fixed it will be 5 stars
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics upgrade from part 1
lensix ratingone it constantly freezes on the exhibit 2.
lenfour ratingfive better than the frist &&_
lenfive ratingfive it's a fun game!
lenseven ratingfive i play it for a long time
lenten ratingtwo first time i played it was a lot of fun.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingthree it freezes up a lot,but otherwise a great game.
lenfifteen ratingthree it was great before update without any lag but after update it lags too much.
leneight ratingfour never feel tired of this game , smooth graphics
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwentysix ratingfive addicted to temple run 1, temple run brave, & now temple run 2, i hope that there will be many more versions in the future as i looooove them :))
lentwelve ratingfive i really like the game and its really good i like it :)
lenfive ratingfive excellent game, totally love it.
lenseven ratingfive great game overall, mabye do dlc content?
lenthirteen ratingfive for a free game this captivating one is too good to be true.
lensix ratingfive a temple run with a storyline?
lennineteen ratingthree i burned through 70 hard-earned gems upgrading all my power-ups before realising that every use downgraded them again!
lentwelve ratingthree spend a gem on coin boost to get a 5-coin bonus *once*?
leneight ratingone temple run 2 doesn't open in my device.
lenfive ratingfour i really like this game.
lentwentyfive ratingfour the only issuse am having with it is collecting coins, it seems i have 6000 coins, but i the game says i have 500 points to spend.
lentwelve ratingfour i uninstall the game twice & it seem to be the same issues.
lensix ratingtwo i can't launch this app
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is way better no lags no wrong with ghis app and its addictive i would recommend thos app to anyone
lenthree ratingfive my fav game!
lenthree ratingfive nice new graphics!
lennine ratingfive this games good better than the first one b-)
lentwentyseven ratingfive i liked the first of course but i love this version even better it's more updated and more features that makes a whole a lot better !
lensix ratingfive it dont work for my sidekick tmobile2
leneighteen ratingfive really cool and even though i suck at this game it fun to play when you're bored
lenfifteen ratingfour it is a brill game, but they did not need to change it so much!
lentwentyone ratingfour they obviously needed to change bits of it, or it would be the same game and would not be a sequel.
lenfourteen ratingfour when you play for a long time it makes your head hurt a bit.
lentwentyeight ratingfour that is not just me because i have no medical conditions that would make me feel like that and i have asked around and other people have agreed.
lenseven ratingfour that is my personal opinion. :-) :-) :-)  great game!
lenfifteen ratingfive this game has great graphics is better then the first one and has more obsticals
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenfifteen ratingone i already have 1.2 million lifetime coins and my midas touch objective is still not completed!
lenthirteen ratingfour also, since i've completed one of them, there are only two left.
lensix ratingfour i'd say add some more!
lenthirteen ratingone tr1 was so good but this one has more problems than i have fingers.
lentwelve ratingone i mean i was actually in pain when i constantly encountered problems!
lenseven ratingfive this is the best temple run ever!
leneight ratingfive better graphics and daughter loves it, nice one!
lenfive ratingfive best game on my droid
lenfive ratingfive u finally fixed resolution bug.
lensix ratingfive best game on android so far.
lenfour ratingfive please keep improving.thanks!
lenfour ratingfive i think temple rnj
lentwelve ratingfive it  was very bets and works very well on my xperia s
lenfive ratingfive love all the new features!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneight ratingfour great game but hangs from time to time.
lenseven ratingfive works flawlessly on my scroll tablet pc.
lenfourteen ratingone i can't play as the gamed opens to the title and then closes.
lenfive ratingone have reinstalled and restarted phone.
lenthirteen ratingthree great game n graphics but the objectives could be a little more realistic.
lentwo ratingfive im 100% addicted =)
lenseven ratingfive much more improved over the first one
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive i have lots of fun and its awesome passtime
lenseven ratingtwo lags a little to much when playing
lenfive ratingfive the best graphics game suprbb
lentwentyseven ratingone it lags to much on my droid x2 and i cant make the first jump without me dieing because of lag hurry up and fix it or else
lentwelve ratingthree game used to be koo untill last update.now wont even load.
lenfifteen ratingfour i find this app wonderful, but at some point the app lags or miscalibrates movements.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love temple run its the best game ever i have got 2a gr8 score xxxxx :-
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lenthree ratingfive hours of entertainment
lentwentytwo ratingthree i love playing the game but whenever i lose, it returns me to my home screen and sometimes even restarts my phone.
lennineteen ratingthree sometimes even when it restarts my phone, it won't start so i have to take the battery out.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthree ratingfour great time killer.
lenfour ratingfour love the new obstacles.
lennine ratingfive it's very very a million times very addictive!
lenfive ratingtwo this is a great game!
lenseven ratingtwo i have it on my kindle fire!
lennine ratingtwo but it won't work on my samsung infuse!
lennine ratingfive i can't believe how smoothly this game runs.
lennine ratingfive it also isn't too hard on my battery.
lenten ratingfive the only thing i'd add is online leader boards.
lenfour ratingfive mejor que el anterior
lenfive ratingfive the best free game available
lensixteen ratingfive its wierd cuz this game is harder but i got a higher score in this game.
lenfive ratingfive anyway u should download it.
lenseven ratingfive its fun and a great time waster
lenfour ratingfive good for time pass
lentwo ratingfive temple run
leneight ratingfive this is a great game, do download :d
lenthree ratingthree game's awesome.
lenthirtysix ratingthree i'm a big fan but i really don't understand why the ios app has better graphics like player shadows, faster gameplay etc. i'm using a note 2, i guess even i deserve that too !
lentwelve ratingfive i like our just having problems getting my coins i paid for!
leneleven ratingfive great game, lots of fun, can play for hours leveling up.
lennine ratingfive recommend downloading, playing, and recommending to all your friends!
lentwentyseven ratingfive great game.great graphics love it.for some reason it won't let me complete 1,000,000 with no power ups no matter how many times i beat it
lentwentyseven ratingfive i love this game its asome but somtimes wen i die the screen frezzes but i have no prob i recommend thise game to all the gamers :) !
lenfive ratingfive better than tha first one
lenseven ratingfive how could they make temple run better?
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!
lentwelve ratingfive i'm terrible at it, but i just want to keep trying!
lenseven ratingfive and you can't beat the price.
lenseven ratingfive have you been living under a rock?!
lenthree ratingfour gud tym pass
lenfive ratingthree it really kills my battery.
lentwenty ratingthree i don't have time to charge my phone 3 times a day so i'm going to have to uninstall
lenfive ratingfive hi very high grafic game
lentwenty ratingtwo i just downloaded the game and each time i tried to play it froze at the logo nd later crashed
lensix ratingfive it is a nice game good
lensixteen ratingfive love this game so fun and better than the original love love love it so much :-)
lentwelve ratingfive the first game was really good, but second tops the first one.
leneight ratingfive didn't think it happen but it did.
lenthirtysix ratingfive hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
leneight ratingone it just lowered my score from a 2399 to 301!
lenfourteen ratingtwo fun but i can never get far cuz it freezez and stuff.please fix.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive pretty addictive!
lennineteen ratingfive i will be truly impressed when the developers can make me lose calories when i am playing temple run ;)
lensix ratingfive no t excellent check out pitfall
lenfourteen ratingfive its my favorite and one of the best games in history, fun and easy.
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lensix ratingfour graphics are cartoonish but good charanges.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour its great almost perfect accept for the fact that it takes ages to load when its on the imagi studio and gets laggy when i increase the quality but besides that awesome.
lentwentyone ratingthree it got stucked at level 8 n even having all the criterias fulfilled for unlocking of level 9 the meters has stopped on 8.
lenfifty ratingfive i am a kid just using my moms name anyway temple run 2 is a great and exciting game with great grapglhic features and everything there is just one little tiny problem which can u give a description of the person when u get to unlock them that would be awesome.
lenfour ratingfive great work by imangi.!
lentwo ratingfive simply awsome.
lenfortytwo ratingfour loved the first and i really like the 2nd one but i have it downloaded on my gs3 & my nexus 7 and it is still a little unresponsive on both devices.i've tried lowering the display settings but it doesn't seem to help.
lentwelve ratingfour the biggest issue is the tilt function is hardly responsive at all.
lenthirteen ratingfour tr1 still my favorite all time, w/ some bugs worked of tr2 it could become #1
lentwentythree ratingfive i love this game its very entertaining and wayy better then the first temple run.download it and you won't be sorry! :-)
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
leneighteen ratingone for some reason its hard to see turns i'm not blind obviously this is ridiculous go temple run1
lenten ratingfour takes awhile to load, but it is well worth it.
lenthree ratingfive kool,  awesome game
lenthree ratingfive so grood mmmyess.
lenfour ratingfour luv this game yar
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive very challenging, exciting
lensix ratingfive nice always get killed jaja :-p
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenseven ratingfive the best game ever on google play.
lenfive ratingfive nevet get bored playing this.
lenfive ratingfive nice game with nice features
lenseventeen ratingthree when i play temple run 2 it sort of lags a little and sometimes it lags a lot
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive surprisingly, it runs with less lag than the original temple run on my device.
leneight ratingfive this game is a lot better than part 1
lenfive ratingfive perfect game to jobless guys
lentwo ratingfive simply superb
lenseventeen ratingfour the game stats dont show the lifetime meter score as it used to show in temple run 1.
lensixteen ratingfour also the object for million life time meter dont progress even if you are scoring some.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree this is a great game, but i keep noticing a hitch at random times when the game won't allow me to duck, turn, jump, etc. i have lost countless games because of this.
leneleven ratingtwo some bug seems to be there with the "500000 lifetime coins objective " . .
lenfourteen ratingtwo also same power used consecutively doesn't increase the duration of the power up .
lenfive ratingfive this games is very nice
lensix ratingfive great game & can't get enough.
lentwentyfour ratingfive there was an objective of making 500000 coins.i completed it, but still its not showing.still the objective is incomplete.plzzzz fix this bug
lenfive ratingfive father of all gaming apps.
lentwelve ratingfive this game has improved graphics and its even more fun playing now.
lenfourteen ratingfour it has a best graphics than the past temple run.hats offffffff for it.;-)
leneleven ratingfive im the best no lie plus this game is the bomb
lenthirteen ratingfive it's one of the best games here and it's very addictive
lentwo ratingone bad game
lentwentythree ratingfour lots of split second screen freeze ups and when running on the paths won't jump up from the top of a hill.
lentwelve ratingfour very good game much more enjoyable then the first one scenery wise.
lentwo ratingfour awesomeness defined!
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lenfour ratingfive i love d game
lenthirtysix ratingfour the only complaint i have is even with the sound turned all the way off i still get menu sounds and the sound of feet running when playing the game, any way you can fix that?
lenten ratingfour i'm playing on a droid razr maxx running ics.
lentwo ratingfive exelent game
lentwo ratingfour nice game!
lenten ratingthree it's a good game don't get me wrong.
leneleven ratingthree sometimes when i clearly turned some way it didn't work.
lenseventeen ratingthree if i tilt my phone it moves in the opposite direction or doesn't move at all.
lenseven ratingthree but overall it's a fun game.
lenthree ratingfour fun to play
lenfive ratingfive just awsome love dis game.
lenten ratingone not fun or addictive or designed well like the first.
leneight ratingone a waste of data, storage space, and time.
lenthirtythree ratingfive my game worked well at the beginning then now it won't let me play because it crashes and now everytime i open it, it will only stay at the imangi studios logo.
leneleven ratingfive please do fix it asap because i really love this game.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lentwelve ratingfive harder than the first one but more real and funner to play!
lensix ratingfive theres so much more graphics in 2                       .
lentwentysix ratingtwo its good but still needs bugs to be fixed like freezes when u die n u can't see ur score.after the update plz fix
leneight ratingfour there is a bug on de 500k lifetimes coins.
lentwenty ratingfive it was good before the update, i could get at least 7mil but now i can't get 3 & need 10 :( please downgrade
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first one  :-)
leneight ratingfour it can glitch out on occasion, but rarely.
lennine ratingfour it is very addicting and just alot of fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lentwo ratingfour goog games
lenfourteen ratingthree game is exellent  but i'm not able to see my score in options.
lenseven ratingthree neither the high score nor any other.
lentwentysix ratingfour awesome game but only problem is that sometimes while this game my motion sensor get hanged and the phone becomes slow so pls fix the bug
lenfive ratingfive two words.kick ass. :d
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirtythree ratingone hey, i really enjoy the original temple run, i would like to play the new one but for some reason it will not pass the starting screen on the lg optimus 3d please fix!
leneighteen ratingtwo before update it was running as smooth as soap but now the game is like hell pls repai
lenfour ratingfour glitchy.but excellent game.
lentwentyone ratingfour graphics r more good than 1st part but some time game gets hang if that get improve it will b more awesome
lenfive ratingfive works amazingly with my nexus 4!
lenfourteen ratingfive graphics are really good and smooth, i do really recommend it, children love it!
lenthree ratingone bullshit cant download
lenfive ratingfive this is the nice game
lennine ratingfive this game is great,  it is fun and addictive.
leneight ratingfive runs flawlessly with no lag on my nexus 4
lenseventeen ratingfour great game but when i scroll to the bottom of the upgrades page all my coins disappear.
lentwo ratingfive excellent job.
lenthree ratingfive coins lost error :(
lentwo ratingfive absolute winner!
leneleven ratingtwo loved this game now after update it lags and glitches bad.
lenthree ratingfive suitable for kids
lentwentythree ratingfour when purchasing upgrade of multiplier it only goes up 1 at a time when it states 2 or 3 .other than that the game is great
lennine ratingone terrible u cant open it it closes every time
lentwo ratingfive awesome game! :)
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenseven ratingone the coins that i collect suddenly gone !
lensixteen ratingthree not nearly as good as the last, lots of stupid glitches or things that are ridiculous
lensix ratingfour nice to play  better than temple run1
lennine ratingfive my temple run habit is extremely moderate and healthy.
lenten ratingfour the game is awesome but gets glitchy on lg optimus l5.
lentwo ratingfive awsm game
lensixteen ratingfive very gud but some time it could be very much affected myvphone as a hanging virous
lensixteen ratingfive no problem just that my screen is hard to work with and it is a galliexe 3
lenthree ratingfive really nice game .
lenthirteen ratingfive every thing is perfect i luv each n every change in the game .
lenseven ratingfive credit goes to da designers n team.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive awesome in gameplay and graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo on level 8 midas touch objective is appearing twice n evrytime i finish a game.tick mark come on that objective.pls work on it.
lenseventeen ratingone i purchased 50 gems for $4.99 but haven't received them, and it's been more than one week.
lensixteen ratingone also i sent an email to ask about my gems which they've never replied to.
lennine ratingone please don't spend any penny for this game!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lensix ratingfive mujhe to teri lat lag gai.
lentwentysix ratingone i had already unlocked a new runner and had advanced extremely far in the game and today when i went to play it was all erased.
lensix ratingone making me start from the beginning.
leneight ratingfive i have so much fun playing this game.
lenten ratingfive i never get bored with this game, and awesome excitement.
leneight ratingfive wow this is cool than the other one.
lenfour ratingfive i love the 2nd version.
lenten ratingfive its easier to get coins and the graphics are great!
leneight ratingfive best game n best way 2 test ur android
lensixteen ratingfive awesome game i love it but it does have a lag that kills you a lot
lensix ratingfour takes  a long time to  download
lenfour ratingone to much lag = uninstall :(
leneight ratingone couldn't play it on my droid charge
lenthree ratingfive love this app.
lenfour ratingthree i love this game.
lenfive ratingthree but sometimes it force close.
lenfifteen ratingfour won't let me use my power up when i double tap screen please help
lenseven ratingfour love the power ups and changed format.
lenfive ratingfour better than the previous version.
lennineteen ratingfour gave it a 4 because there's always scope for improvement and also the colours used could have been different.
lenseven ratingfour thanks imangi for such an addictive game!
lentwo ratingfive extremely                 awesome.
leneighteen ratingfour fun game would give five stars but the game has a glitch while playing but it is addictive!
lensixteen ratingthree it's a good game, but still need a more power ups variation in the game
lenfive ratingone it froze once i downloaded.
lenfifteen ratingtwo there are many bugs actually.like if you press button while skip screen is active.
lenfour ratingtwo the screen gets stuck
lenseven ratingone achievement stopped working at level 8 for 500k coins
lentwo ratingfive more addicted
lenfive ratingfour more addictive than its predecessor !
lenfifteen ratingtwo i was in the 500k lifetime coins achievement when the bar stopped moving about halfway through.
lennine ratingtwo when i reached 500k i didn't get the achievement.
lenten ratingfive beautiful graphics on my galaxy note 2 and fun to play.
lentwelve ratingfive maybe too  much fun since i play  it every chance i get.
lenfive ratingfour love it besides the gliching
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun.
leneighteen ratingfive can say it just in one word its really awesome.the five star is even less for it
lenseventeen ratingfive very nice graphics & fun to play, takes all ur attention, everyone shud try this, will be pleased.
lensix ratingfive keep it up guys, nice job.
lenfortynine ratingone i cant even go past the start up icon without it crashing and force closing :( such a shame, i really liked this game. if you can put up an update that makes this app lag- free, ill be very happy and ill rate 5 stars. please fix! (phone- samsung galaxy s1)
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwelve ratingfour i love this game, but now it won't even load up.
lenseventeen ratingfour also, sometimes when i would try and use a save me, it crashes and nothing is saved.
leneight ratingfour fix my crash, i miss playing this game.
lenfive ratingfour i've come so faaaaaar!
leneight ratingfour cool game love it better than temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive game's good but p.s. get d motion sensitivity changing options!
lennine ratingfive landscape is gud and i like the trolly feature.
lenfortyone ratingfive its cool game i get too much addicted to this game.it deserves all the appreciations i just love it soooooooo much.hands off to the creator nd i would like to talk to the creator once if he gets time
lenthirtysix ratingfour pretty awesome game i like this one better than the first one just a very slight problem it sometimes lags just a tiny bit and it gets me killed but still awesome game and amazing graphics
lennine ratingfive i am vey happy to downlod this exited game.
lenfour ratingfive it looks like a 0
lenfour ratingfive butt loads of fun!
lensix ratingfive how long the run lasts for
leneleven ratingtwo its really good game, but its hangs a lot, please update.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo cant go to level 9 already have 1 mil life time coins, but meter has stucked, same thing on my ipad, please fix it.
leneleven ratingtwo im down to 4 star to 2, no response on my first comment.
lenfour ratingone its a suprb game.
leneight ratingone but its not working in my dell venue.
leneighteen ratingtwo the controls are awkward and the runner glitchs a lot , didn't bring the old temple run back:/
lentwo ratingfour abit slow
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingone it does not work very well at all on htc evo 4g!
lenfive ratingfive a better sequel to part 1
lenfive ratingfive keeps me occupied for hours.
lennine ratingfour very addictive and entertaining, but objectives get boring quickly.
lenthirteen ratingfour i mean, ten million meters with nothing else to do in the meantime.
lenfive ratingfive very nice graphics.really entertaining
lensix ratingfive someone makes all this for free
lenthirteen ratingfive it is very good game nd i like the rope scene very much
lentwo ratingfive lol wow
lentwelve ratingfive can any one explain what is head start and how to do?
lennine ratingfive better than d old one,i m enjoying it
lennine ratingfive try and you will be addict with this one
lenten ratingfour a little laggy sometimes but for the most part good
lenfour ratingone it stopped updating objectives.
lenseven ratingone im on level 8, one of the obj.
lenfourteen ratingone is to reach 500,000 lifetime coins and i passed that already, but did nkt update.
lenthirteen ratingone also highest run of 20 million :) fix this and you go back to 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenthree ratingone pls help recover
lenthree ratingfive superb really excellent.
lennineteen ratingfive the game is amazing and any day better than temple run 1.my highscore is 1crore 24 lakhs.can anyone beat me?
lentwentyone ratingthree game is nice but just few time hang when we play it long time on micromax canvas 2 please  fix this problem
lensixteen ratingthree full 5 star if u can make not to go straight to menu when pressing back button.
lentwentythree ratingfour when purchasing upgrade of multiplier it only goes up 1 at a time when it states 2 or 3 .other than that the game is great
lenfive ratingthree mnogo e gotina tazi igra
lenthree ratingfive awesome game eva
lenfour ratingone fix this terrible app
lensixteen ratingthree was working amazing on my gs3 before the 1.0.1.2 update now its constantly jittery once you gain speed.
lennineteen ratingfour the sequel closely follows the original formula, but the added elements do enrich the experience without alienating familiar players.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful apps.
lentwo ratingfour nice view
lenfive ratingfive much better thn temple runner 1
lenfour ratingfour graphics has ameliorated dramatically!
lenseven ratingfour more exciting routes to run and powerups!
lenseven ratingfour just that it crashes a lot sometimes.
leneleven ratingfour especially when i get a pop-up from go sms pro.
lennine ratingfour but all in all, it's a great achievement :)
lenseven ratingfive amazing graphics with butter flow no laggs
lenten ratingfour fun game with plenty of options to improve your skill
lentwo ratingfive run everyday
lentwelve ratingfour temple run is so fun:-)  i would recommend it to anyone! :p
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game is fab, i played it on my frends phone, so i installed it and it only comes up with the imangi studios page then back to the previous page and won't load. :'(
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive it workes amazing i really  recomed it
lenthirteen ratingfive it is a very addictive and interesting game much better then temple run.1.
lennine ratingthree reached 500k lifetime coins, but it won't recognize it.
lenfortyseven ratingfive it is one of my favorite games fun to play very addicting better than temple run 1 but the thing is when i install it i click on it to play and it keeps knocking me off the app but i played it on my friends iphone fun
leneight ratingfive it was great where combine run and cart
lennine ratingfive it is better then the temple run  1  its awesome
lenfour ratingfive brilliant better than one .
lenseven ratingfive what an incredibly improved version of original.
lenfive ratingfive incredible graphics and fiery monster!
lenthirteen ratingtwo game hangs a lot, collected coins becomes 0, there are n number of bugs. .
lenfive ratingtwo really disappointed by the game.
lenseven ratingfive this is  a awesome game to play
lentwenty ratingfive i've been waiting for this to come out on android for ages and its finally here and its epic!
lenfour ratingfive that is temple run 2.
lenfive ratingfive nice game n very addictive . !
lenthree ratingfive great, addictive game.
lennine ratingone after last update it's not working any more.
lentwo ratingone lg optimus 3d p920
lentwelve ratingfour it is a great game n much better than the previous one.
lenseven ratingfour 1 on my sgs2 the tilting motion is slow.
lenseven ratingfour please give some sensitivity setting for that.
lenfourteen ratingfour 2 when i stumble in the game i am unable to jump for about 2 secs.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive mast graphic hai
leneight ratingfour after 8 level not update progress in my phone
lenfourteen ratingfive i luv this game it sooooooo awsome i peed my pants when it downloaded
lensix ratingfour nice graphic l love the game .
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennineteen ratingfour its getting closed,after this new update, when m tryng to play.please fix it soon.i wanna play
lennine ratingtwo had over 3000 coins and then they were all gone.
lenfive ratingtwo this is now happening regularly.
lenfive ratingtwo im on a galaxy note 2.
lenten ratingone nid to tilt, one wrong move n u r dead
lenfourteen ratingfive is an amazing game 5 star.good graphics easy to get coins and simple controls.
lenfour ratingfive really addivtive, love it!
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive its a fresh look at a ae i already lovedm
lenseven ratingfive all of my friends like this game
lenthirtyseven ratingthree my only problem with t.r.2 is the controls on the samsung galaxy s3 the response time is laggy especially as the game speeds up fix that and then you will have great game and worthy of 5 stars
lensixteen ratingfive this is in someways better than temple run 1but sometimes i feel like temple run 1is more challenging.
lenten ratingfive anyway this is an awesome game and i love it!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game.could have had more characters
lentwentyone ratingthree the game is fun but a lot of the objectives are based just on playing a lot instead of playing well.
leneleven ratingthree level 8 is so boring that i wish i never started playing.
lenseventeen ratingthree i want to finish but it's retarded to spend that much time on something so boring.
lennineteen ratingthree the first game was fun and this one could have been but it's really not after a while.
lenfour ratingfive very rad. very addictive.
lenfive ratingfive i apsolutly love it yea
lenfour ratingfive i like this game!
lentwo ratingfive fadu game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive amazing app
lenfive ratingfour this new vrrsion is great.
lenfifteen ratingfour the environment is much more enjoyable as are the obstacles and the mine car rocks!
leneleven ratingfour only downside is it sometimes lags when i try to swipe.
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game, the graphics are great and it's loads better than the original temple run.
lentwentytwo ratingfive one bug though, the objective where we have to get 500k coins doesn't get completed even though i have more than 550k coins.
leneight ratingfive other than that, this is a 5-star game!
leneleven ratingfive one amazing game with great graphics.works well on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive only one prob, its addicting!;)
leneleven ratingfive really cool and addictive game with cooler missions and superb graphics
lentwo ratingfive excited game
lenthirteen ratingfive this is an awesome app, can't find a better app to play
lenfive ratingfour asik rada tegang juga nih
lenthree ratingfour awesome game ever .
lenfour ratingfive best for temple run
lentwo ratingfive nice niger
lentwo ratingfour awsm gaming
lenfour ratingfive its a wonderful game.
lenseven ratingfive once i started to play dis game.
lensix ratingfive i was not able to stopppp !
lensix ratingfive p.s  i m lovinggg itt. :*
lenfive ratingfive i play this game with.
leneight ratingfive y doughter and we like it a lot.
lenfive ratingfive thanks for the good job.
lentwo ratingfour amazing sequel
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenten ratingfive an awsome game n justas good as thr first one
lenthree ratingfive love this, addictive
lenthirtyone ratingfive perfect graphics and an all round amazing game - the new objectives give it a whole new gaming feel and gives the game more of a deep rather than platform like feel.
lenfifteen ratingfour fun and cool but i ca nt share with friends on facebook or can i
lensix ratingfive my little girl got me hooked.
lenthirtythree ratingone awful i spent about ?30 quid on this played it over and over and now it has just started new again its even taken me through the trial my high score is gone, despicable.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive temple run 2 is way better than 1.it's harder &i love the cart.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game i like it better then the first one
lenten ratingfive its good game after playing the game starting from tutorial
lenten ratingfive much better than temple run, runs a lot smoother aswell 10/10
lenthree ratingfive download ni ho
lentwo ratingfive mast hai
lensix ratingfive its 100 times better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwentyone ratingfour the game is pretty awesome but it crashes on my xperia neo v.it worked fine though when i downloaded it.
lenseventeen ratingfive an amazing game ever.i've finished the first one.n now starting continue for the second .
lenseven ratingfour awesome way to slack of at work.
lenseven ratingfour a huge improvement over the first game.
lentwenty ratingfour always wanting to finish that set of achievements to get to the next level or trying different abilities and characters.
lenfifteen ratingfour it is repetitive but the random level design and cart parts are a nice change.
lenseven ratingfour i give temple run 2 a 4 out of 5.
lentwo ratingfive running mad
lentwentynine ratingfour i'm loving temple run 2 so far but there's just one thing that i'm missing which is the social distance tags/markers that the first tr had!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentythree ratingfive nice to do when i have a little free time or right before i go to bed to get mind off of stuff.
lenfive ratingfive way better and more adventure .
lenfive ratingfive just gets better and better!
lennineteen ratingtwo okay, so, i'm running, zipping throuth the ongoing temple, getting chased and mauled by the mutated monkey thing.
lentwelve ratingtwo except for the fact that it keeps taking going away from me!
lennineteen ratingtwo i calculated (yeah, because i'm a nerd) how much i've spent which is five hundred coins exactly.
lenthirteen ratingtwo how in the world does my coin amount keep reseting back to zero?
lenfour ratingtwo what hey hey, manufacturers?!
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i should have about twenty thousand by now. :( on that note, play the game if you're not trying to upgrade anything (powerups, etc)
lentwo ratingone wont play
lenseventeen ratingfour not a big game player, but i have really enjoyed the quality and challenge of the game.
lenfourteen ratingfive interesting than previous good graphics n like its train as well keep it up :-)
lennine ratingtwo why doesn't it load after the load screen!
lenfour ratingfour great game, nearly perfect.
lentwenty ratingfour the only minor problem is that it sometimes (very rarely) doesn't register an action or there is a delay.
lenfourteen ratingfour better than the original though and is the best and most fluid "?constant motion?"
leneight ratingfour the powerups and objective are more thought out.
leneighteen ratingfour and it doesn't try to bleed you dry with in game purchases like some of its competitors.
lenseven ratingfive great and fun game better then first!
lenseven ratingfive this game is the whatb that is!
lenfour ratingfive love playing this game
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lentwo ratingfive wonderful gane
leneleven ratingfive such a good game just add addictive as the first one
leneight ratingone i have the galaxy 1 s.it wont work
lentwentyfour ratingthree i had to delete loads of stuff to get it having heard it was a good game but it then would not come up!
leneleven ratingfive brilliant way to lose a few hours.excellent game very addictive*****
lensix ratingthree its good but gets stuck sometimes
lentwo ratingfive excellent.fabulous.
lenfourteen ratingfour even after turning off the sound the sound of walking is not turning off.
lenfour ratingfour else very nice improvement
lentwo ratingfive fun af
lenten ratingfive awesome game .its very gud  than temple run1 and subway surfer.
lensix ratingfive it's fast, awesome and funny.
leneleven ratingfive i was waiting for this game to come up on android
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lensix ratingfour it just needs some minor fixes.
leneleven ratingfour occasionally my character doesn't turn corners or doesn't lean.
lennine ratingfour also, it lags when i first open the app.
lensix ratingfour this is a great game overall.
lentwelve ratingfour fix the lag and other problems and you will have my 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
lenfour ratingone its a suprb game.
leneight ratingone but its not working in my dell venue.
lensix ratingfive brilliant cant put it down x
leneleven ratingfour idhu oru nalla game veladi paarunga ungalukku conform a pudikkum.! :d
lenfour ratingthree temple run 1 way better
lentwentynine ratingone i saw my friend playing this on his apple product and it looked awesome however when i download and try to play all i get is the "imangi studios"
lenfive ratingone screen then it force closes.
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone fix bug and i will update review.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i love the game that's y i gave it five stars, but i think you can improve the sensitivity when tilting the phone.
leneleven ratingfive at least in my galaxy s3 phone doesn't work that well.
lentwentysix ratingfive but i still can play it pls fix the gliding too cause when i do turn to right , slide, or left sometimes don't senses it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive guys must download game.i had played the first part and that was also too good i am sure this will surely be more better.
leneleven ratingfour its more difficult than temple run 1 so more interesting to play
leneight ratingfive a great improvement over an already great game.
leneight ratingfive good job guys, keep up the great work.
leneight ratingfive i really love this game it is amazing
lenthirteen ratingone how can we get the objects when you die because of lag time
lenthree ratingfive achi baat hai ;)
lensix ratingthree but not like the temple run 1.
lensixteen ratingtwo force closes constantly when trying to use save new gems.screen freezes and game force closes
lensix ratingfour game was awesome and graphics also
lenfive ratingfive it gets better and better.5℃
lentwentythree ratingfive awesome graphics.added levels n objectives.rope n mining rail is an excellent addition.full 5 star from me.definitely better than temple run.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive ii find myself playing temple run 2 all day.graphics are better.everything iis just better
lenfifteen ratingone okay i downloaded but it wont open nd it forces me out of the game!
leneight ratingfive i only have three words it is awsome
lenten ratingfive already giving it five stars before it's completely downloaded
lensix ratingfour great game.my daughter loves it.
lenthree ratingfive cartz,also amazing.
lentwentysix ratingfive aswmn game guyzz.please have it.this iz the one of the best game that i have ever played.grab it as quickly as u can
lensixteen ratingtwo the first edition ran so smoothly but this one lags and the sensitivity is very low.
lenfive ratingfive awesome 1 one of favourite game
lenthirteen ratingtwo keeps force closing when trying to use a gem while in the cave.
lentwelve ratingtwo not working on my galaxy chat.resolution problem.please fix it asap
lennine ratingfive super addictive game.and even better than previous version
lenthree ratingtwo cool game guys!
leneleven ratingtwo i wish you would give me the stuff i paid for!
lenfive ratingfive great game sooo addictive :d
leneleven ratingfive instant support provided by the developers by providing the back button.
lentwentyseven ratingfive only thing i dont like, is you have to do the missions in order, so even if you have done it, youll have to do it again.
lenseven ratingfive much better than the already awesome original.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first game.
leneighteen ratingthree it keeps taking my coins away and i ain't even useing them it needs to be fixed
leneight ratingfive perfect graphics awsome recation time  great game download!
lenseven ratingfive good and awsome game.i got addicted
lenseven ratingfive what a wonderful game cool imagni studios
leneighteen ratingfive it is fun to play with and you can play for ages ye so i reccomend it xx
lenfifteen ratingfive what can i say jest download and enjoy but one thing you will get hooked.
lensixteen ratingfive i have only just downloaded this game, and there's a part which has no end.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i would give 5 stars i love the game but after awhile it just shows the loading screen then returns me to home.
lennineteen ratingtwo i have to uninstall it then reinstall it for it to work please fix and i'll give 5 stars
lenseventeen ratingfive while playing the game it stops and i need to remove the battery and put it again .
lenten ratingfive the graphics r smooth and the game play is addicting.
lenfourteen ratingone i try to do him jump and he doesn t  ,from sony xperia sola.
leneight ratingfive although more variety in environments would be nice.
lenfifteen ratingfive really love this game, not sure if it's as good as the original yet
lenfourteen ratingfive outstanding job much bedter than the first one the quality in the game beautiful !
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwelve ratingfour awesome step up from the first game, but still needs some improvements.
lentwentysix ratingfour picking powerup doesn't refresh duration if you already have the same powerup, tilt sensitivity could be improved or option to adjust it should be added.
lentwenty ratingfour the most notable bug i found is if the boost ends on the zipline, the speed remains but invulnerability ends.
lenseventeen ratingfour the same happens if you turn on the boost powerup before the boost you picked up ends.
lenseven ratingfive love dis game yes it is good
lenfour ratingfive cool game when bored
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfive too cool its jus game for a new era faizan
lenthree ratingfive nice game.n
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfive this version is so much better than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingfive temple run just got better
leneleven ratingfive everything about this game is magnificent gameplay and graphics well done!
lenthirtysix ratingfive only thing is the tilt on tablets on the phone it works perfect but the tilt on tablets is unstable but hey at least we got temple run 2 been waiting a long time for this :d
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome
leneight ratingfive this is better than the temper ran 1, nice!
lennine ratingfive love this game, could do with higher tilt sensitivity
lenseven ratingfive the gameplay has improved with this version!
lenthree ratingone it wont download
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lenthirteen ratingfive its so good so much fun better then the old one must  get
lensix ratingfive its more interesting than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive great job on the new version.
lentwentytwo ratingfour pls pls pls incrse the sensor sensitivity and if possible remove resume button from down otherwise its grear great great great game
lenthirteen ratingfive firstly the graphics, 10/10 gameplay, 10/10 the only thing that is missing is more characters!
leneleven ratingfive i played this game first time, i loved it sooo much.
lenfive ratingfive its wise if you download.
lensix ratingfive this is the best run game.
lenten ratingfive they also added the rail rush thing and the rope.
lenfourteen ratingfour some more mew actions could have been introduced other than turn, slide and jump
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenten ratingfive just like temple run 1 it closes.please fix on qmobile a2
leneighteen ratingone keeps shutting down when i try to play.shuts down at the  screen where it says imangi studio
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazinnnnnnnnnn
lenthirtynine ratingone obviously i need to upgrade to a galaxy s3.or something.because this game doesn't load.it stays on the game developer screen and doesn't do anything.the first temple run loads fine and runs well.just disappointed.
lenten ratingfive i never got adictted to a game like this one
lenthree ratingfive nice love it
leneight ratingfive great graphics and the game itself is fun
lentwelve ratingfive nice one excellent graphic and a new version all should download it
lentwo ratingfive tample run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lenthree ratingfive 1000000 stars .great app
lenfive ratingfive excellent good job keep updating
lentwelve ratingfive this game really is beautiful.imangi studios really stepped up graphic wise!
lentwentyseven ratingfour this is one of the best games i have on my android, however i keep having problems with the game crashing when i use the "save me"
lenten ratingfour i really hope you will look into fixing this glitch.
lensix ratingfour thanks for your time.  -sincerly mike
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lensix ratingfive this is a super cool game.
lenseven ratingfive please fix sensitivity problem on next update.
lenfive ratingfive works flawlessly on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run!
lensix ratingfive this game is worth a try!
lensix ratingfive run people run for this game  :-)
lenseven ratingfive the best game i have ever played
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics!
lenfourteen ratingone i have a galaxy s (samsung captivate) and it will not let me download.
lenthree ratingfive more challenging than tr1
lensix ratingfive very addective time waster great work
lentwo ratingfive great effects
lenfour ratingfive this is super game
lensixteen ratingfive this is a very fun and addictive game, also a vast improvement on the first game.
leneleven ratingfive this is the best game i've played in three years
lenfive ratingfive two thumbs up.very addictive.
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing game:)
lenfive ratingfive im totally obsessed with it!
lenfive ratingfive thank you for the game!
lensix ratingfive one part is like rail rush.
lenfour ratingfive if im not mistaken.
lenfour ratingfive good and excellent game
lenten ratingfive amazing it has took over my life always on xoxo
lenthree ratingfive fun and challenging
lenfour ratingfive stuck tu my nob
lenten ratingfour this game is real fun, and a great time waster.
lenthirteen ratingfour could u guys please just add more characters and work on the tilt.
lentwenty ratingtwo the new temple run is awesome except i played for a while and know i can't jump please fix:-)
lentwentytwo ratingthree its a fun game to play but seems to be really slow and seems to keep freezing when you quit the game.
lentwentythree ratingthree i honnestly like the 1st one but, if they could sort the freezing ploblems and the slow i think it'll be much better
lennineteen ratingfive this game is awsome it just needs more characters and i agree temple run 1 did run more smoothly  5 stars
lenfive ratingone the game crashes after loading.
lenfour ratingfive very good quality game.
leneleven ratingfive goood time killer and way better than the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best game ever some bugs but you can fix that
lenseven ratingfive 5 starts just on the way it runs
lenten ratingfive superb it game the graphics are improve in the,game.
lensix ratingfour pretty fun but laggs a little.
lenfourteen ratingthree pls f!x it n get fiv stars:-)  by d way .game is awsm.
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive this is way better than the first one, way more obstacles and power up options.
lensix ratingfive great game for a quick mind.
lentwo ratingfive great graphic.
lennineteen ratingfive out of words to describe.but still would like to say unbeatable gaming experience provided by imangi is adorable.
lentwelve ratingfour good graphics but feels there's some slowness compared to temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive playing this game is amazing!
lenfour ratingfive it give great hd
lenfour ratingfive just needs more charcters.
leneighteen ratingone i open it up, shows me only the starting screen, then sends me back to my home screen.
lenfiftynine ratingthree why is it good or bad?well first (why it is good)because children can enjoy there self on temple run and temple run 2 and what is bad when you go when the path on temple run 2 the path doesn't have much time but if there is a temple run 3 i bet it will be exellent `lets hope ?
lenfifteen ratingthree just some controls lag on my sony xperia neo v else its an awsome game .
leneleven ratingfive i loved the first one, and this one is even better!
lentwentythree ratingfive three different environments is always better than one, and i feel like this game is a bit more forgiving than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive so all in all, a great game!
leneleven ratingone bug report htc desire open don't work then it closes
lenthirteen ratingone game doesn't make a sense hence doesn,t make developer a genius.
lenfour ratingfive friends expectations r fulfilled
leneleven ratingfive overall this game is an upgrade from the original temple run.
leneleven ratingfive with improved graphics and varied obstacles, it provides a great game.
lentwelve ratingfive however, it needs more characters, a sensitivity option, and more power-ups.
lensix ratingfour turns aren't smooth, fix this
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and gameplay
lenseven ratingfive this a game cool game to play
lentwo ratingfive sick.(fullstop)
lenthirtyone ratingthree it alrigjt i mean its fun but its sooo laggy and when i swipe the screen he doesnt go where i want him to go lol he just keeps going strait
lenthree ratingfive playing it everyday
leneleven ratingfive this the best game ever hope u make some good updates
lentwo ratingfive time pass
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive the only game i play on my asus tf 300.
lenfour ratingfive excellent game very addective.
lennine ratingfour graphics could have been better but overall amazing game.?!
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenseven ratingfive great game, more fun than the first!
lenthirteen ratingfive its really nice and runs well without a singe lag unlike temple run 1
leneight ratingfive i am not able to download this game
lensix ratingone automatically closed after the startup screen
lennine ratingfour this game is highly addictive and easy to learn!
lenthree ratingfour easy quick fun
lensix ratingfive it is rilly fun to play
lennine ratingthree i love this game, great improvement over the first.
leneight ratingthree the turn sensitivity definitely needs to be adjusted.
leneight ratingfour it wont download on my  droid 4 fix it!
lenfour ratingfive this game is great
lentwo ratingfive superb :)  tantalising.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game
lenfifteen ratingfive but really fun after awhile really addictive.n i recommend to play on high graphics.!
lenseven ratingfive d graphics have increased drastically compared to tr1.
lenten ratingfive but i cant get any money to buy the girk
lenseven ratingfour i love it but a little laggy.
lenfive ratingfour this is a great game.
lentwentysix ratingfour a lot better than the first one but its does have a lag issue sometimes and i end up tripping or dying even on low graphics.
lensix ratingfour also the sensitivity is pretty low.
lenfourteen ratingfour would be better with higher sensitivity or a sensitivity control in the main menu
lentwelve ratingfive it's awesome to feel scary heights from such a small screen
lenfour ratingfour its a great game.
lenthree ratingfour graphics r amazing.
lenfive ratingfour makes me lose too fast.
lenfour ratingfive very cool game ever
lenfour ratingfive it's perfect game.
lensix ratingfive it's so fun and cool.
lenten ratingfive i play it almost every day on my android device.
leneight ratingfive this game is much better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive very good game, it's amazing.
lenfour ratingfive like it, 5 stars rated!
leneleven ratingfive great game and better than the last one by a mile!
leneight ratingfive however sometimes it does freeze but one in 100
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game till date
lenseven ratingfive very addictive and good fun, amazing graphics.
lenthree ratingfive flawless on nexus 7 :-)
leneleven ratingthree it's pretty fun but how do you change the sensitivity?
lenfour ratingfive i liked this game
lensix ratingfive got a run with 6.5 million score!
lenseven ratingfour enjoying d game n addicted to it!
lentwelve ratingthree despite this game being pretty awesome, it constantly freezes on ny android.
lentwentyone ratingthree and when it does freeze it either doesn't allow me to tilt side to side, or completely restart my phone.
lenfourteen ratingthree oh and as a side note, a sensitivity option would be great as well.
lenthree ratingfive super cool game
lenfive ratingfive really the game was amazing
lensix ratingfive this is alot better than number 1!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice job.
lentwo ratingfive asome game
lenfourteen ratingfive this is a good game i allways play it when inhave a free min
lenfour ratingfive nice game n graphics
lennine ratingfive i just installed this game and i love it!
lennine ratingfive i like it it fun for my dau per
leneleven ratingfive great game lots of fun watching the kids mess it up
lentwo ratingfive tempil run 2
leneight ratingfive its the 2nd best free app in play store!
lensix ratingfive you should download and update it!
lenfour ratingfive always rocksss temple run <3
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its so cool
lenfour ratingfive jst awesome.lovin it
lenfour ratingfour minor fixes then 5 stars.
lenseven ratingfive turns and controls are a little off.
lensixteen ratingfive if an update would correct the turning controls and jumping as well, game would completely perfect.
lenfifteen ratingfour theme is same game is same as temple run only diff is background and graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is addjctive
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lennineteen ratingfive ma ki ankh ne pel diya sbko are bhinchod ki ma ka chut jbrdst gaar fare wala game ba
lentwentyone ratingone everytime i try to install it, it comes up with a sign saying 'package file is invalid' what do  i do?
lentwo ratingone samsung galaxy s3
leneight ratingfive very good game .fun to play for hours.
lensix ratingfive keeps you coming back for more.
leneight ratingfive it is an awesome time runner loving it
lennine ratingfive very good but needs better tilt sensitivity.otherwise excellent
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to this game
lenseven ratingone it won't work on my phone
lenfourteen ratingfive its fun, and hard to play so its more fun to play the game
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lentwelve ratingfive this is good but i still wouldn't chuck away temple run 2
lennine ratingone stuck on the loading screen and boots me off.
lenfour ratingfour loving the new upgrade.
lentwo ratingfour better graphics.
leneleven ratingfour only problem is a slight lag in the runner for androids.
lentwentyfour ratingfive amazingly great  no lags and no bugs x) if only you could control the sensitivity of the tilt motion, it'd pretty amazing =d ?
lentwo ratingfive bst gam
leneighteen ratingfive awesome game!always the number 1 running game.but the graphic kinda heavy altough i play it with samsung s3.
lenfifteen ratingfour it's okay but it's pretty choppy at the wrong times on my galaxy.
lentwo ratingfour pretty annoying.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so amazing
lenfive ratingfive can't wait temple run 3. :))
lentwo ratingfive great game.
leneight ratingfive run very smooth even on highest graphic settings.
lenfive ratingfive better than first temple run.
lenfive ratingfour amazing.i luv da game
leneight ratingfour as good as the original, if not better!
lenthree ratingfour well worth downloading.
lenfour ratingfive best application for android!
lenthirteen ratingfive i thought the first one was great but this one is mind blowing.
lenfive ratingfive truly a must have game.
lenfortyseven ratingfive suppose when ur phone is tilted to left n u jump from one clif n phone is still tilted the runner goes far to left or right(as per the tilt) n doesn't land on the path where he is suppose to n the game ends.
lensixteen ratingfive this happens only sometimes not always.apparently it happened to my runner during my best game
lennine ratingfive much bttr dan d last game.vry vry addicting
leneight ratingfive this is sooo much better than temple run!
lenten ratingfive this game is wavy as fu?k. under.rated.high.
lennine ratingfive the first one my boyfriend downloaded was temple run.
lenfive ratingfive & hated when he played it.
lenfourteen ratingfive then the day temple run 2 came out he downloaded it on our daughters (6yrsold) ipad.
lentwentyfour ratingfive so i started & now i know more about the game then both of them & are telling them the.cool new things i find out :)
lenfive ratingfour more addictive than the original.
lenfive ratingfour runs flawlessly on my nexus 4.
lensix ratingfour not upto d xpctatns.vry confusin.
lenseven ratingfive great game well better the first one
lenfive ratingfive great upgrade from temple run 1!
lenthree ratingfive exelent new version
leneighteen ratingfive just want them to improve the motion control in the game as no settings are provided for it.
lenfive ratingfive everything else is just perfect.
lensix ratingfive more addictive than the previous version.
lenfortyfive ratingthree is such an addictive app and really good but every time i go on it, it has the picture of where i fell off in the last game and doesn't move unless i restart my tablet so fix bugs and will be a five!
lenthirteen ratingfour its a lot more improved with more upgrades, graphics & visuals are really nice!
lenthirtythree ratingfour its really fun to play but there is some problem i seem to notice that the turning around corners seems to lag & i lose, please fix the lag, other than that its great :)
lenfour ratingthree great game, very addictive!
lennine ratingthree but it keeps force closing on my samsung illusion!
lenten ratingthree i didnt have this problem with the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive this game is terrific.
lenfive ratingfive best game on android yet.
lenfour ratingfive superb graphics its great
lenseven ratingfive this game is simply excellent and enjoying.
leneleven ratingthree the score is not increasing after 4,000,000.!plz an update needed soon.! :(
lensix ratingfour the sequel couldnt have been better.!
lenseventeen ratingfour but if i collect 2500 coins n don't use them, its automatically activating the on time powerup.
lensix ratingfour so unable to unlock any powers.
lensix ratingfour playing on lg optimus black gb
lenten ratingfour awesome game 4 all.shud jst dis game installed.luv imangi.
leneleven ratingfive i knew they would make a second installment to the franchise.
lenseventeen ratingfive i had a blast playing this a great up to the game can't wait for part 3
lennine ratingfive without gems :) would be nice if the sensitivity increase
leneight ratingone i tryed downloading it but it dosent open
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lentwo ratingthree graphically awesome.
lennine ratingthree vs the first one and a total time killer.
lentwelve ratingthree none of these purchases ever worked yet my money was taken anyway.
lenfourteen ratingthree i did drop them an email several days ago but never got a response.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i know it's a small amount of cash but it annoys me when i pay for something that doesn't arrive.
leneighteen ratingthree suffice to say i fixed the problem and gave myself a few extras by modifying my save file.
lentwo ratingfive cool gameeee
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive totally addicted.
leneight ratingfive love the zip lines and the spike wheels.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfourteen ratingfive one thing though, there's not enough characters, there should be a few more;-)
lensix ratingfive better, faster, funner than the first.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingthree so hard to control
leneighteen ratingfive on the first one i got 3,476,189 but on this one only 3,209,810  but this game is cooler thank you
lenthree ratingfive add more characteters.
lentwentyseven ratingfive it is a brilliant game to play i thought temple run 1 was the best game but temple run 2 is a better game and i am having fun
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentytwo ratingfive superb game .marvellous graphics .my favorite game .i love thzzz games i wil lik to giv 10 stars to it and its creaters
lensixteen ratingfive temple run is sooooo unreal just download it i can not explain it any other way
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenfive ratingthree sensativity needs greatly improving tho.
lentwentyfive ratingthree have to tilt my phone almost completely landscape to play sum points which is near impossible to do in time during the high speed parts
leneight ratingfive best game i've played in a while
lensix ratingfive this is awsome   most brought game
leneleven ratingfour cn be more gud just add naked girls on that runner.
lensix ratingfive i love it were is da 3
lensixteen ratingfive this game is the best!its much much much better then temple run,the first one
lenten ratingfive good game i like the changes from the first one
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenten ratingfour fps could be better when the graphics are mid-settings.
lenfive ratingfour apart from that, great job :3
leneleven ratingfive i love this game and i wouldn't change a thing!
lenseventeen ratingone games fun but the lag makes it impossible to play, make it work on lower end devices!
lentwelve ratingfive jus perfect cant wait for what u all cum up with nex
lenthirtyone ratingthree nice game.but everything was lokking so big and just it looks like sh** isnt playable make it compatibe for lower end devices.temple run works well on mine.using micromax a25.
lensix ratingfive its more harder than the 1st one!
lentwo ratingfive intresting game
lentwo ratingfour excellent fun.
lentwelve ratingfour more diverse gameplay than the first game, and much more colorful settings.
lenseventeen ratingfour i'm really impressed with the improvements in the new version but the glitches can be frustrating .
lentwelve ratingfour looking forward to frequent updates so all these issues can be solved.
lenseventeen ratingthree its good has new features but it laggs toi much wich is the main reason i lose.
lentwelve ratingfour the game is really great and fun the tilt isnt very gud
leneight ratingfour the game is awesome and love the graphics.
lentwelve ratingfour it works smoothly on my ipad but keeps freezing on my samsung s3?
lenfive ratingfive it was cholate chips spanky
leneight ratingfour nice game  but sometimes it hangs lill bit
lenthirtyseven ratingfive temple run 1 is good but the thing that's better is temple run 2 is awsome  the mega monkey the mines are awsome and it would be great if they mad temple run 3 and see how it gose
lenfifteen ratingthree works greak on my nexus 7 with all the addictive gameplay you expect from temple run.
leneight ratingthree however tilt does not work on my galaxy s2.
lenthirteen ratingthree all other accelerometer games work fine so im thinking a but on this.
lenseven ratingfive awesome, excellent , bravo temple run is unbelieveble
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfive really good occasionally a bit of lag but not often 99/100
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and game play!
lenfour ratingfive so fun and addicting!
lennine ratingfour better than the first one but harder good game
lenforty ratingfour awsome game i love it, its addicting and fun however the turn sensation could of been better,there could of been more characters to unlock and it would of been nice if it had angel wings like the first one.
lenfive ratingfive chummeshvari performnce by imangi studios
lenten ratingtwo worse than the first, crappy controlls and boring, not addictive.
lensix ratingfive simple gameplay with an addictive edge
lenfifteen ratingone the problem is that i am unable to download it in samsung galaxy ace duos.
lentwenty ratingone i purchased the update where i get double the coins when it gets to 3000 and instead it just erases them.
lenfive ratingfive cool tunnel in the barrel
lennineteen ratingfour i would give it five but it does not tilt very well so sometimes i miss alot of coins
lenfourteen ratingthree ill be playing and randomly my character is thrown to the right side spasmatically.
lensix ratingthree this can kill a good run.
lenthirtyone ratingthree i love the new updates this game got vs the old one however that glitch needs to be addressed before i can give it 5 stars which is what it deserves (almost).
lentwelve ratingfour this game looks beautiful running in my ion's mobile bravia engine
leneleven ratingfive always love this game and made good improvements from the prequel.
lenfourteen ratingfive absolutely love this game, very addictive and fun to play for the while family.
lenfourteen ratingfour this app is good i think you should keep temple run series coming:d
lenthirteen ratingfive it's way better than the first one, better set up and fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive i didn't think anything could top temple run & this has done it.
leneight ratingfive add more charcters or maybe more surprise additions.
lenthree ratingfive overall, great job.
lensix ratingfive good graphics, response and very addicting!
lenfive ratingfive wayyy better then the first.
lenfour ratingfive so glad its free
lenthirteen ratingthree nice game, but still a little bit laggy on my xperia arc s
leneleven ratingfour i had no idea the new version would be this good.
lennine ratingfour love the zip lines and mine rails.great job!
lentwentythree ratingthree game is awesome, but i have lost so many diamonds and coins after clicking save me, where it's immediately crashing and closing.
lensix ratingthree the concept is obviously not fresh.
lenseven ratingthree but expected a lot betta from graphics.
lennine ratingthree also unable to move app(31 mb) to sd card.
lenfifteen ratingfive one of the most addictive games of all time i wish it was available for ps3
lenfive ratingfive dis couldnt get any better
lentwelve ratingfive not only is it addictive and a great time passer, its free!
leneleven ratingfive if touted wondering whether or not to get it, do so!
lentwo ratingfive amazing sequel
lentwelve ratingfive love the different sections and runs perfectly on my asus transformer tablet
lenseven ratingfive this is one of my favorite apps.
lennine ratingone temple run 2, did not open to my phone xperia
lenfortysix ratingfour hiee.d game is super osm.a real tym pass.i really luvd it.grphics r cool.btr thn the 1st one.onlybone thing disappoints mr.nd tht is the senstivity control.team temple  run.plz do smthng with the senstivity.rest the game is marvelous.yo.?
leneleven ratingfive this game is epic sure hope theres gonna be temple run 3
lenthree ratingfive temple 2 is super
lensix ratingone i loved the first temple run.
lenten ratingone this one is way too laggy and the tilt sucks.
lentwelve ratingone some obstacles are next to impossible to get past, like double waterfalls.
lenthree ratingfive its uttely wicked
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is simply awesome!
lenfour ratingfive nice game.wow graphic.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant new version!
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended
lensix ratingfive nice game frnds, u can enjoy
lenseventeen ratingfive i like it better than the fist one there are more things to do in the game
lenfour ratingfive temple run is great!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingfour the game is fun but i have a weird issue where my phone goes to sleep as soon as i own the app
leneight ratingfive far far better than the old temple run.
lenseven ratingfive and the monkey, hahahaha! :) mind blowing graphics.
lensix ratingfive hats off to the imangi team _/\_ <3
lenthirteen ratingfour but when you try to ise the save me button the game crushes.
lennine ratingfour a little work and this game will be perfect!
lenfifteen ratingfive it is a fantastic game i haven't come off the game seen i downloaded
lenfour ratingfive looks great on nexus 4.
lensix ratingfive achievements and upgrades keep things fresh.
lenseven ratingfour i still prefer the old temple run!
lennine ratingfive harder than the first one and it looks great
lenthree ratingfive full timepass game
lenthree ratingfive great time killer
lensix ratingfive its the best tdmple run ever
lenfive ratingone because to easy and hd
lenseven ratingfive it's a very very rocking game.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is epic great improvement to the last version really fun love it
lentwelve ratingfive i really enjoy it, it's alot better than the first one!
lenfour ratingfour its fun i guess
lentwenty ratingfive this is the best temple run game i hope the people that made this game should make a temple run 3
lenthirteen ratingfour i like that you get to earn more quicker and  move more thanks
lenfifteen ratingthree good game but crashes all the time after high scores and doesn't save them
lenseven ratingfour amazing but i never get mine carts! :'(
lenseven ratingfive i like this version after fixing bug.
lentwelve ratingthree thats when the game freezes and starts over only in the tunnel .
lenfive ratingthree i lost 8 gems like that!
lenthirtysix ratingfive this game is unbelievable it is one of my best games if you are looking for a great game get this game temple run 2 and see how good it is for u. see u next time
lenfive ratingfour i like it a lot!
lenfourteen ratingfour but.every time i go to the home menu and back.it completely resets
lenfive ratingfive looks superb on galaxy note 2.
lenten ratingfive it works so cool, no crash, no lag, no bugs.
lenseven ratingfive graphics are better than the previous version.
lenthree ratingfive looks more mature.
lensix ratingfive imangi has done a greay job.
lentwelve ratingfive the first one was ace the second one better be as good
lentwo ratingfive time killer
leneleven ratingfive it was getting old but every turn leads to something different!
lentwo ratingfive nice improvement
lenthree ratingfive great freakn game!
lenfourteen ratingfive and iv got it on best graphics looks great to be a phone app
lentwentynine ratingthree don't know if its just that my phone is a little out of date but it won't even go to the main menu just backs out before
lenfour ratingfive so addictive, love it.
lenseven ratingfour it is not downloading in my phone.?
lenseventeen ratingfive i thought temple run was addicting, but temple run is so much more addicting, and super fun.
leneight ratingfive i've wastes hours just playing this game :)
leneight ratingfive love it they should make a temple run 3
leneleven ratingfour i think its really good i can't stop playing it!
lentwentytwo ratingfive wow when i saw this app i just knew i had to download it and once i played it i loved it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive wow insterting game
leneight ratingfive frustrating to say the least but good fun!
lentwentytwo ratingfour try to optimize it further for dual core xperia smartphone and the floating touch bug on the latest ics for xperia sola.
lensix ratingfour also, sometimes swipes does not respond.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i think this makes the first temple run not as challenging and the new features make it like a whole new game!
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is the temple run we all love but with new exciting twists.
lenthirtythree ratingfive for example the tram feuture, the second chance feature and the zip wire (which is so fun!) like the last temple run i am truely addicted and strongly advise you to download it.
lenfifteen ratingfive only one small critism, is that it takes quite a while to load on android.
lenseven ratingfive although all round a thrilling new game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive this game is so fun you should download it you can go on a zip line and a bigger monkey chases you:-)
lenseven ratingfive jus love de 2nd version of temple run.
lenseven ratingfive love the whole design of temple run 2.
lentwentyone ratingthree a good game but controls are a bit stiff  and slower than the 1st game but a good game all the same
lenthirtyseven ratingfive this is a great game.its just like temple run 1 exept with more obsticles and better graphics.i have never encounterd an ad and this is great for a free game.i advise you install this app.
leneight ratingfive excellent.however add in rowing in a boat.
lenseventeen ratingfive exellent game, he upgrade from the last game are asome and the new game features are stunning
lenfifteen ratingfive if i fail my exams this game gonna b responsible .much more exciting and fun  .
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive very gud game.grapics wz awesome
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingfive excellent game,great graphics,new challenges,awesomest ever. <3
leneight ratingfive love the changes and additions to the game!
lennine ratingfour fix the tilting issue, it is way too worse.
lentwentyeight ratingfour i've to tilt my device so deep to make the character tilt on those broken paths and also provide with the sensitivity option like the old game.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise good game, pretty impressive.
lensix ratingfive excellent game enjoy it very much
lenfive ratingfive i actually play it nearly 24/7
lenfive ratingfive i love this game!:d
lenfive ratingfive love the train, more exciting!
lenfour ratingfive best run game ever!
lenthirtyseven ratingfive i rate it on 5 star because it is much better than temple run one and because you can get carts and ropes and it is one animal chasing you and its a villige for the back ground
lenfive ratingone crashes evertime i open it.
lenthree ratingfive runs smooth af
leneighteen ratingfive so much better than temple run this is soo much fun with the ziplines and caves.love it?
lenfive ratingfive works great on my galaxy s3
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive i like this game better than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenten ratingfive this game is the most ba game iv evered pleyed
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first on
lenfour ratingfive this game is exsellent
leneight ratingfive what a game, so addictive and very exciting!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentynine ratingtwo i love playing this game but i have yet to play it on an android device it not lag like crazy please look into this because it always lags
lensix ratingone i do not understand this "sequel".
lentwenty ratingone aside from riding a mine cart, which doesn't add anything to the game, there is no actual new content.
lenfifteen ratingone they put the achievements into a level-up system, which makes no sense at all.
lenthirteen ratingone this is just temple run with a new look and a ruined system.
lenfour ratingone no exit button either.
lennine ratingone this, exactly, is how you destroy the gaming industry.
leneight ratingfive my high score 301,999 :o such a good game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive awesome  i can't  find temple run 1
leneight ratingfive this game just got way to better now.
leneighteen ratingfive a better set of graphics and more over.a whole lot a new game experience to deal with!
lensix ratingone it wont open on my phone
lenfour ratingtwo too many unnessecary graphics.
lenthree ratingtwo i liked tr1 better.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i the color of the coins get mixed with the color of the path.
lenten ratingfive love the ziplines and the mine carts (nice touch)   excellent
lensixteen ratingfive it's awesome for once more but it has a small thing that i dont like.
lenseven ratingfive it turns left and right very quickly.
leneight ratingfive in the previous one the turning was smoother.
lentwelve ratingfive amazing so addicitng especially in a long car journey or flight xo
lenseven ratingfour but i expected it to be better.
lentwelve ratingfive free really and i mean free would actually pay for this excellent
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive almost different from previous version.
lensix ratingfive my life is temple run 2 atm
lenseven ratingfive excellent game n excellent features, too addictive.
lensix ratingfour plays well no lag during game.
leneighteen ratingfour however the game force closes if i attempt to revive after falling off the tracks in the minecart.
lentwentyeight ratingfour brilliant game only bad thing i have to say is the turning is terrible fix it and then ill change to 5* overall good work team keep it up
lentwo ratingfour awesome game
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent game
lennine ratingtwo i have kept music volume is settings to zero.
lensix ratingtwo but the game still doesnt mute
lenseven ratingone it's a bullshit on qvga ;o
lensix ratingfive this is a really fun game!
lenfour ratingfive i love the graphics!
lenfive ratingfive & the big monkey is awesome.
leneighteen ratingfive lmfao i want some screams that sound like they're coming from hell not a 3yr old japanese girl.
lenten ratingfive you all love penis and this is an awesome game :)
leneight ratingfive i hear so many complaints for iphone users .
lenfive ratingfive none for android over here !
leneight ratingfive a much better game compared to old version!  ;)
lensix ratingthree turns and hills are very annoying.
lentwo ratingthree decent game
lenten ratingfour you guys should totally add power ups on the ropes.
lenfive ratingfive excellent game for short periods.
lensix ratingfive the monster its kind of annoying.
leneight ratingfive and the turn and jump controls need work.
lenfour ratingfive otherwise it's great
lensixteen ratingfour but has a couple of bugs and for no reasons i am loosing all my coins
leneighteen ratingthree freezes at times & don't record my high  scores everything looks same kinda  hard to distinguish the turns
lenten ratingone lag lag lag lag lag lga lag and more lags
lentwentyeight ratingfive love playing this game.the graphics is too good.if u like adventure and challenge then this game is made for you.must installed and enjoy the gaming.
lenfour ratingone i want to play.
leneleven ratingfive great game,great graphic,not as good as dead trigger tho
lenthree ratingfive game is awesome.
lenseventeen ratingfive bt pls fix the turn sensitive it's harder.after all it's excellent the 1 &the 2 good.
lenfourteen ratingfour this game has me on the edge of my seat.and sometimes off it!
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is great just like the original, however, i've found 2 bugs.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour firstly, if you have the speed boost as your bonus ability and use it and then collect a speed boost item before the first speed boost is completely done, the second one is ignored.
lenfortyfive ratingfour secondly, if you use a speed boost and it ends when you're on one of the rope slides, when you exit the rope slide the character is running as fast as if you were using a speed boost making it impossible to continue playing.
lensix ratingfour please fix for a 5 star rating!
lennine ratingfive more challenging than the original, and even more fun.
lennine ratingfive temple run was fun but the second is amazing
lensix ratingfour great graphics and dramatic sounds too!
lennine ratingfour little cumbersome in turning sensitivity but a superb game!
lenfifteen ratingfour uh its a good game but i wish it wouldnt go into paws by mistake
lenthree ratingfive great game ever
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentythree ratingfive its a really good game to play it also keeps you busy and takes your mind of bad things and it issoooo addictive :)
lentwelve ratingfour awesome graphics and yes its a level up from its previous version.
lenfive ratingfour posting this comment after playing.
leneight ratingfour just go 4 it by the time its free .
lensix ratingfour hats off to brains behind it.
lenfive ratingfive better than the first version.
leneight ratingfive must have in each n every phone/tablet.
leneight ratingfive the game is awesome i love this game <3
lenseventeen ratingfour really good but its a bit slower and random its got nothing to do with a temple:)
lenseven ratingfive way more cooler then the first one
leneleven ratingtwo the game is hanging when i reach a very high score.
lenfive ratingtwo this irritates a very lot.
lensix ratingtwo i'm sorry for only 2 stars.
leneight ratingfive great game to play love the new features.
lennine ratingfour please fix it, sometime it lag when i play
lenseven ratingfive great game but careful, it's difficult
lennine ratingfive this is an awsome game for people out there.
lenthirtytwo ratingone every time i try play the game, it goes onto the loading screen then stops and brings me back to my home screen, please fix this cause i really wana play it !
lenfive ratingfive super fun and super addictive.
lenfour ratingfive really tests ur reactions
lennine ratingone worked once, now won't load past startup page.
lenseven ratingone on or galaxy player and samsung fascinate.
lensix ratingfive realy realy good fun game  xxx
lensixteen ratingone when i start the game my phone vibrates and then goes back to the main screen.
lenfour ratingfive excellent graphics and everything.
lensix ratingfive i love this game! <3  samsung galaxy s3.
lensix ratingone i ordered coins for the game.
lentwenty ratingfour really fun and great visuals but would love to see more features like extra characters and maybe even other stages
lensix ratingfive amazing better than any other game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive itsss awesome spectacular lar addictive game this game rocks keep it up imangi
lenfive ratingfive its solo addictive got 1m yayy
lenfive ratingfive it's good mad fun
lennine ratingfour would be great if it didnt freeze a little
lentwentyfour ratingfour i like this but it is not as good as the 1st one even thought i like the zip wire and the railway track things
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive im a old lady and this helps with keeping ur mind &hand sharp.
lenthirteen ratingfive i just wish you could start where you died &not from the beginning.
lensix ratingfive this works great with samsung galaxy tab2
leneight ratingone it wont even load to let me play!
lensix ratingfive great game to pass the time
lenfour ratingfive love it.totally addictive!
lenfive ratingfive its the coolest game ever
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is my favourite game, super addictive and simple.
lennine ratingthree realy good liked it better than the first one
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
lensix ratingone what happened to the swipe detection?
leneighteen ratingone i'm on a gs3 and loved version 1.but this one is night and day from a playability perspective
lenfortythree ratingfive this is so much more harder than temple run but so much funner i don't  even know if funner is a word but temple run 2 is much cooler cost there is the 2 different locations that i unlocked the outside and the mines
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics and is very addictive .
leneight ratingfour this version is exactly better than first one.
lennine ratingfive developers r very responsive.thnxx for the back button
leneight ratingfour still a little biased towards the older one.
lenseventeen ratingfour but this has the potential (few tweaks) to surpass the rather high standards set by the predecessor.
leneight ratingfour feels a little laggy at times, hence only 4*
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthirteen ratingfive much smoother play then the first, pretty balanced out all round, great game
lenfourteen ratingthree good game but crashes 50% of the time on the startpage with the green "i".
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthree ratingfive game is awsome!
lenforty ratingfive this game is fun and really out did the old version i like the more random obstacles and challenges only thing i don't like is you only have 3 objectives at a time instead of all of them at once.
lensix ratingfive best game i have ever played!
lennine ratingfive textbook example of how an android game should be.
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lenthree ratingfive very addicting game.
lentwo ratingfive osem game
lenfive ratingfive this game is sexy af
lenseventeen ratingfive nice 3d type full time busy in playin this game got a new type wit exclusive 3d type view
lenthree ratingfive a sequel eh.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics is brilliant, i love the whole game as it is.
lenfive ratingfive love everything about this game.
lenfour ratingfive the gameplay is awesome.
lensix ratingfive also the game doesn't crash.
lentwentyseven ratingone any time i'm in a higher level and i pick save me it crashes  and force closes so every thing i've done goes to waste
lenfour ratingone game doesnot load now.!
lentwelve ratingone though worked fine for a week, but now it's all blank.
lensix ratingone didn't work on my lg
lentwo ratingfive totally amazing
lenfifteen ratingthree too much stuff was added that i feel ruined the original concept of the game.
lensix ratingthree however though it has nice graphics! :"3
leneight ratingfive nice upgrade from temple run to temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive so glad second version is now available for android.
lenseventeen ratingfive i wish low battery pop-up would trigger a pause like it does in subway surf tho.
lenthree ratingfive very fun game!
lenten ratingfive once you get used to the lags its not bad!
lenseven ratingfive this one is better then the original!
lenseven ratingfive this is a great game, better graphics
leneleven ratingone then it quit tilting, so i tried to uninstall and reinstall.
lenten ratingone lost all my data, and tilt still didn't work.
lenthree ratingfive my favourit game
lenthree ratingfive hours of entertainment!
lenten ratingfour this game has finally come out and i love it!
lenthree ratingfive vry exclnt game
lentwentythree ratingone so i go to play it today and all of my stats are wiped clean and i have no power ups or anything.
lentwo ratingfive super fun.
leneight ratingfive this is a highly recommended game by me.
lentwentyfour ratingfive however,this is a game for people with imagination so if you are not a person who has imagination don't get this game.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel.
leneighteen ratingfour temole run is back with a bang.gr8 improvements in terms of graphics and its smooth and more responsive.
leneight ratingfour superb work by devs.waiting for xcitin updates.!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingfive it is great and works well on andriod jelly bean.
lensix ratingfive i think temple run 1 is better
lentwo ratingone boring game
lentwelve ratingfour classy graphics and gud changes from the previous version of temple run
lenfifteen ratingfive i absolutely love this game amazing graphics can't get no better than temple run
lentwentysix ratingfive ehh o got told to rate sick of it poping up rofl yh its a good game laggs a bit but its good game would recomend:)
lenfour ratingfive it really awesome.pppaahhhh!
leneleven ratingthree this game is a great sequel to the first temple run.
lenten ratingthree high quality graphics and new obstacles make it super fun.
lenten ratingthree the controls are a bit less responsive than the original.
lentwelve ratingthree you have to tilt the phone alot to make the runner move.
lenten ratingthree but still, overall, it's a great endless running game.
lenten ratingthree there is one glitch that kills me almost every game.
lentwenty ratingthree when i am tilted to the left, either collecting coins or avoiding obstacles, the runner does not respond to touch.
lenfifteen ratingthree meaning i can't jump, slide, or turn when i am tilted to the left.
lenten ratingthree if i am tilted to the right, it works fine.
lentwelve ratingthree but, for whatever reason, tilting to the left disables my touch ability.
lensix ratingthree i am playing on a nexus 4.
lenthirteen ratingthree it could be just my phone, or a universal glitch in the game.
lenthirteen ratingthree either way, it's enough to make me not want to play it.
lenten ratingthree until this is fixed, i am only giving it 3 stars.
lenthirteen ratingfive excellent graphics.plenty of new stuff.and no lag at all.great job
lenfour ratingfive ? prt ws also awsm !
lensix ratingfive super addicting i played for hours.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like having the option to select characters, complete quests and having different power ups.
lenfour ratingfive overall = very nice update
lensixteen ratingfive i give it 5 stars its a fun and interesting game that you can play for hours
lenten ratingfive thats a perfect gam i will wait for temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive nice.my fav game
leneighteen ratingfour if you have nothing else to do and don't want to get bored then play this game.
lenfour ratingfive fantastic n superb upgrade
lenthree ratingfive fantastic attractive game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive gr8 graphics and smoothness.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.<3
lentwentyfour ratingfive love this game the first one was great this is even better altho some improvements cld b done like the monkey needs to relax
lenthree ratingfive literally no complaints.
lentwentythree ratingfive awesomeness is here at its best with breathtaking graphics retaining same old gameplay but elaborating it very nicely good job there imangi studios
lensix ratingfour you gert bored after a while
leneight ratingfive love the game.better than the first edition.
leneight ratingfive much better than the first one totally addicted
lenthree ratingfour it lags sometimes
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenthree ratingfive great game play.
lentwo ratingfive simply superb.
lenfour ratingone have an lg thrill.
lentwentyfour ratingfour temple run 2 is very replayable with all of the things that you can buy from the store, and just plain beating your previous highscore.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the only thing that i can find undesirable in-game is when you receive a text message, you cannot move for a split second.
lentwenty ratingfour also, the game throws you around a little bit after you go back to the game from a text message.
lenfourteen ratingfour overall very good so far as i can see (except for those few flaws).
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run
lensixteen ratingone looks good, but lots of lag and routinely force closes after long runs on multiple devices .
lensixteen ratingone it won't loadmy temple run 2 won't load for me on my phone it stinks
lenseven ratingfive wayyy better thanto the original temple run
lentwo ratingfive superb game !
lenfour ratingone the game never loads
leneighteen ratingfive big upgrade from the first one, but makes me love it even more, would recommend downloading it people
lenseventeen ratingfive the graphics are a bit busy to start with but it's a much better version than 1.
lensix ratingfive much harder but much more fun.
lenthirteen ratingfive no one can question it thank you for this great game imangio studio
lenten ratingfive but for some reason i can't stop playing this.
lentwo ratingfive amazing quality
leneight ratingfive runs smoothly without lag on my arc s
lensix ratingfive i recommend you to download it.
lenfive ratingfive better than the ist one
lentwentyseven ratingone tried to download temple run 2 on a few ocassions and it always force closes,seems to work on other phones accept this one please get it sorted
leneleven ratingfour although it freezes and crashes when i use the "save me"
lentwo ratingfive hi hi
lenfour ratingfive amazing awesome fab game
lentwentyeight ratingthree no doubt  amazng game bt dunno y it doesnt load aftr once i playd it .reinstalld agn n agn bt yet d same issue.kindly resolv d prob
lentwo ratingfive superb improvement
lentwenty ratingfive graphics is very good but the problem is, its getting stucked in my htc desire v. pls make it solved.<3
lenthirteen ratingfive definitely a improvement over the first one, the cart is a great addition
lenfour ratingfour yeh this is gd
leneight ratingfive this is even more fun than temple run 2.
lenten ratingfive way better graphics and better play not so much freezing
lennine ratingfour because it's simple, yet need a quick response.
leneighteen ratingfour although, it lag so many times, i enjoy playing it and make me hate my device even more.
lennine ratingfour optimization for device like galaxy w would be awesome.
lennine ratingfive very good and the graphics are a lot better
lenfourteen ratingthree graphics really good, but makes your eye go abit weird after a little while.
lenten ratingthree think i prefer the first version so does my 9yr old
lenfourteen ratingfive i think its a good change from the previous one which was also amazing!
lenfourteen ratingfive there should b a sensitivity control for tilting and swiping and an easier interface.
lennine ratingfive also my coins keep getting used for a boost!
leneighteen ratingone dont work on my lg,thrill,please fix,loved the first one,cant wait to play this one.
lentwentyone ratingfour the game is a little to easy and when the munkey catches up he blocks the view but overall great game
lenfour ratingfour really nice to play
leneleven ratingfive really googd better thsn than the first one just get it: ;)
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive wonderful app.betr graphics.ossum
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
lenfour ratingfour refreshing scenery, more interactions.
lenseven ratingfour we had a blast in class x$
lentwenty ratingone it may just be my droid but i cant even move side to side like on the regular temple run.
lentwelve ratingone the screen is constantly shaking preventing me from getting past the tutorial.
lentwelve ratingone bugs need to be fixed then it would be a good game.
lensix ratingfive choice before buying any power up.
lennine ratingfive many bugs are found when barely making a jump.
lensix ratingfive otherwise, amazing game with awesome graphics!
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi.
lennineteen ratingfive luvd it a lot.the graphics are too gud.a visual feast fr every1 who got bored wid temple run.
lenfour ratingfour control could be better
lenthirteen ratingfive no complaint about anything but i think the grafics can change a bit
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingone i get killed alot due to glitching, thank you!
lenthree ratingfour very nice effort.
leneight ratingfive although there are few bugs to iron out
leneighteen ratingfour awesome game, but whenever i get to like 3000 coins, i always lose them & they come down to like 800.
lenfive ratingfour that's really annoying & frustrating.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i wasn't sure i'd like a second one better than the first.
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love how there are levels and the characters don't cost as many coins but also that certain powerups require you buy another character.
leneleven ratingone i bet i would have liked it except it wont open
leneight ratingfive this game is very exciting, with awesome graphics.
leneight ratingfive it's a game you must to play !
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive excellent game, sweet and smooth graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour crashing while using the gem, and the last score doesn't update after the crash
lenfour ratingfive fun game.stress relif.
lenten ratingone i can't open it in my lg optimus black.
leneight ratingone please fix i want to play this game!
lenfour ratingfive this games is cool
lensix ratingfive just needs more boards to play
lenten ratingthree a bit glitchy during game play but still good fun
lensix ratingfive best game ever for mobile devices!
lenfour ratingfive most addictive game ever!
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics. !
lentwo ratingfive spectacular map.
lensix ratingfive jux luv the game outstanding work. !
lenfive ratingfive great successor to temple run.
lentwelve ratingfive recomend to every one thanks to my friend his psn is damiboyxpl
lenfour ratingfive amazing game amazing graphics.
lenfour ratingfive runs well on galaxy s3
lentwelve ratingone it installs but when i open it it doesnt load plz fix
lentwentynine ratingone f**** s**** once i click on it to open it goes to the 'imangi studios' page it vibrates twice with a 3-5sec space then closes and returns to the menu.
lenten ratingfour i think you  can trie to make it download faster
lennine ratingfour its really nice app but there is one bug.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour when playing for sometime i dont get run again button after crashed nd if i go to menu and use play button then game looks like started nd get stucked over there.
lenfive ratingfive great upgrade from first title.
lensix ratingfive very enjoyable like the first & better.
lenfour ratingfive awsome better than first
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so great i love it more than the first one!
lenthree ratingfive an excellent game
lenthirtyfive ratingfive it's just awesome the graphics are superb and the new features are amazing much better than the 1st however there is a bad thing that it s so addictive i can't stop playing it.
lensix ratingone the sensitivity in this is sad!
lenfive ratingone the response is so slow.
lenfive ratingone temple run one was quick.
lenfive ratingone this just lags a lot.
lensix ratingone if you fix that definite 5 stars.
lenten ratingfive no bugs, very good improvement from the first temple run.
lenseven ratingfive its awesome finally got a new player
lenseventeen ratingfive a real 5star game.runs without any lags or glitches.graphics are so awesome from the previous version.
lenseven ratingthree whenever i tried to use "save me"
lenthree ratingthree it stopped unexpectedly.
lennine ratingthree please fix this otherwise this is a pure fun.
leneight ratingfive like it much better than original temple run.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics and great game!
lensixteen ratingfour i wish i could listen to my music as i play that's the only glich
lenseven ratingfive it is top 3 one the play store
lenfive ratingfive good game and good improvements
leneight ratingfive this is amazing,! i absolutly love it :d
lenfive ratingfive great game to kill time.
lenseven ratingone finally i got my 10 million, and 25 gems.
lenfourteen ratingone it's just crash and the score just missing, then my gem back to 0.
lentwenty ratingone i already crashed for total 6 times now, whenever it crash and i open it again my gem always back to 0.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive it is a good game i really like it and my cousin does
lenfour ratingfive a lot better now
lenfour ratingthree very fun to play.
lentwentythree ratingthree but if i set it to highest graphics on samsung illusion, the next time i open the app it force closes every time.
lenfive ratingthree had to reinstall twice now.
leneleven ratingfive dowmload its so worth it i would play it for daysssss
lenseventeen ratingfour the only thing i would like to see is facebook integration so i can challenge my friends :)
lensix ratingfive game looks amazing on my galaxy s3
lennine ratingfive great game play all the time  when im bored
lenthirteen ratingone is not letting me download it it says that there is an error
lenfour ratingfour excellent game loved it!
lenten ratingfive epic game, get it, can't wait for temple run 3.
lenfive ratingfive so fun love it lol
lennine ratingfive it needs more staars so i can overrate it.
lenfive ratingfive it has an amazing gameplay
lenfour ratingfive great time killer game
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally awesome
lenfive ratingfive dis game is so awesome.
lenseven ratingfive i don't want to play outside.
lenthree ratingthree hard to tilt
lenthree ratingfive simple n easy.
lennine ratingfive it's a very good game and very addictive
lenfour ratingfour a little slow though.
lenfive ratingfive your in a sky temple
lennineteen ratingfour it's good but i feel like sometimewhen i turn i run into a tree, even when i turn.
lenfive ratingfive much better than the original
lennine ratingfive grate game can't get any batter than that
lentwo ratingfive freakin awesomeness!
lenfifteen ratingfive very cool i haven't evan played it yet but looking at it is awesome
lenten ratingfive better than the original temple run!i love the mine!
lenseven ratingfive it keeps me glue to the screen
lensix ratingfour really good but can lag sometimes
leneight ratingfive i love temple run 2 better than the original!
lenthree ratingfive good time killer.
lenfive ratingfive play it all the time.
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes it's alittle slow but it does the job , really fun
lenthirtyfive ratingthree well, the turn sensitivity is crappy, and when im my farthest and i die, and i want to use a gem to revive myself it goes to my home screen and i lose my progress.
lenthree ratingthree getting very frustrated.
leneight ratingfive i find i play this more than previos
lenseven ratingfive graphics are better, more styles of play.
lenfour ratingfive deffo worth the download.
lentwentythree ratingtwo i push it and it loads but then it just crashes i am so upset i will give a better rating when fixed  :-( :-( :-(  :'( :'(
lenseventeen ratingfive it is an awesome game but when i try to turn right or left it goes straight.
leneleven ratingfive it works more fluidly than temple run 1 did on my droid 4.
lenfifteen ratingfive once in a blue moon, it becomes unresponsive or glitching until my phone shuts down.
lenthirteen ratingthree i use my mobile as my internet and find it hard to use.
lenfourteen ratingthree i haven't got a computer but sure if i had would be 5 stars
lennine ratingfive amazing, love this game, i'm addicted to it
lentwentytwo ratingfour one of the most addictive game but would prefer a more sensitive tilt option, just like the one in the first version.
lennine ratingfive i'd play it all day if i could
lenfour ratingfive so fun to play
lenfifteen ratingfour temple run is one of my favorite android games and the sequel is even better.
lentwentyfour ratingfour however the sensitivity needs to be adjustable - i have to tilt my phone almost completely vertically l to avoid falling off the half roads.
lenthirty ratingfour additionally, if you turn off the sound you can still hear constant footsteps at full volume which is aggravating if you want silence without turning down your phone's volume.
lenten ratingfive way better than the 1st one and it's soo addicting!
lenseven ratingfive new features, exciting and much more addictive.
lenfifteen ratingfive if you did not like the first one then you will surely love this one.
lensix ratingfive i luv dis game so much!
lenfive ratingfive i suggest u download it!
lenten ratingfive i love the game have played both and love them
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennine ratingfive love this game its the best on galexy s3 yeah
lennineteen ratingone it keeps on restarting me cellphone and then it freezes and my cell stops working please fix that problem.
lenseventeen ratingfour .but when i try to use a gem to save my life on a really good run.
lenfourteen ratingfour and then the app freezes for like 10 seconds then exits out. :( please fix this
leneight ratingfive the best game love it make number three
lensix ratingfive good game but i love it
lenfourteen ratingfive is the chinese girl faster than the black guy other than that its cool
lentwo ratingfive sooooo fun
lennineteen ratingfour great graphics and new featues but the touch sensitivity could be improved and i still prefer the older one
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
leneight ratingfive one of the best game on google play.
lentwentysix ratingfive if u could hav given more emphasis on different level then it would be surprising fr user to guess wat more exciting is to come ahead.
lentwenty ratingone even thou i have completed most of the objectives required to advance to level 9, it wont allow it to happen.
lenfive ratingone emailed devs and no reply.
lennineteen ratingone i have 2 gold miner bars and run 1million meters which i have finished but does not show the next objective.
lenfourteen ratingone wont load and it crashes  before i can i have a n lg thrill
lenten ratingfour i like the additions, but some of the abilities suck.
lennine ratingfour i spent 25 grand to get 500 points for karma lee.
lenthree ratingfive game is sick.
leneight ratingfour it is fun and great but little confusing
lensix ratingone game want load on my device.
lenfour ratingfive annoying funny and addictive
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lensix ratingfive the new temple runis more fun.
lenseven ratingfour it could be better but sometimes lags
leneleven ratingfour nice but still needs work on the objective base game play
lenfifteen ratingthree the game is slow and laggy the turns, jumps, and slides are a bit laggy.
lenten ratingthree it makes me die before i can even reach 2500 meters.
lensix ratingthree although great game keep it up!
leneight ratingthree better than the last other than frequently crashing
lenfour ratingone package file is invalid"
lenfour ratingone just fuck off dick.
leneleven ratingthree although the concept is wonderful, the functions don't work properly.
lenten ratingthree when i go to jump, it glitches and i die.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive totally exceeds expectations.
lensix ratingfive runs flawlessly on my galaxy iii.
lenfive ratingfour i like the new version.
lenfour ratingfour the graphics r insane.
lenfourteen ratingfour the only thing i would like to see is the resurrection wings brought back.
lentwo ratingfive simply thrilling.
lenfive ratingfive awesome, just need more sensitivity.
lenfive ratingone i didn't like it!
lenthirteen ratingone i couldn't play it even though it downloaded.after like four trys.
leneleven ratingthree won't move sideways when i tilt my phone.please fix!
lenfive ratingfour great game.loads of fun.
lentwelve ratingthree its fun and hard but it freezes up once and a while
lennine ratingthree seems when i try to use the "save me"
lennineteen ratingthree gem too fast, the game will bug out and exit the app deleting the current run i'm on.
leneight ratingthree kind of a bummer on high score runs
lensix ratingone does not work for samsung infuse.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise it is fantastic game.
lenthree ratingfour loved first version.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lensix ratingfour still a little buggy for me.
leneight ratingfour i play it on the samsung galaxy attain.
lenfour ratingfour but everything else.flawless.
lenseven ratingfive i been addicted since the first version.
lenfive ratingone i just dont like it
lenthree ratingfive nuf said seriously
leneighteen ratingfive best temple run that is out if you have not got this i advice you to download it
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love temple run 2!
lenten ratingfive the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is just stupendous.
lenten ratingfive all the ease of temple run but with added difficulties.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
leneleven ratingfive very addictive game and great upgrade to the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive can play this game for ages!
lennine ratingfive htc one x+ plus works great graphics amazing too!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lenseven ratingfour i love the new look and features.
lennine ratingfour i slightly feel like the first is the best
lentwentyeight ratingfive great game, the one time i played it, now i can't move left and tight to collect coins, accelerometer just doesn't activate, please fix, samsung galaxy s2
leneighteen ratingfive this sequel i've been waiting for, its great to play with new scenery & different type of "running"
lensix ratingfive this game rocks i got 100,0000 points.
lenfour ratingfive fun and addictive xd
lennineteen ratingthree i like it except for the fact that it takes my money and i don't but any thing.
lennineteen ratingfive it works great but at times it does trip up at times but the game makes up for that!
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is so much fun and the graphics and play are both extremely smooth
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfive ratingfive super addicting like the first!
lenseven ratingfive better then the first game of it
lensix ratingfive best app ever that kills stuff
lentwentyfour ratingfour great game with superb graphics as well as new features.could do with some improvements on sensitivity and gliches, as it freezes when turning.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is fun asf if you bored its it good to play
lenten ratingfive i love this game so much more advanced than one
leneleven ratingfive so fun i cant get off this game its so addicting
lenthirtyfour ratingfive alot more challenging than the first one witch makes it worth while if your an hardcore gamer' i advice everyone to upgrade everything to make it an bit more easy witch is also fun!
lenten ratingfive and the environments look amazing as well love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive really addictive game like the first with better graphics and some nice innovations
lentwenty ratingone i can't play this thing, it just shows the page with the "i" for 10 minutes and that's it.
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is so fun and addictive so y'all should download this game.
lentwentythree ratingfive this is the most intellectual game eva created , i quit school just so i could compete at tr rallies and win more coins!
lentwelve ratingfive i wish i could marry the inventor of the this whimsical game !
leneight ratingfive i even tattooed the app on my  wrist !
lenfour ratingfive long live temple run !
lentwenty ratingfive really great only one thing .could be a tad bit more sensitive sometimes lags but still best game available atm!
lensix ratingfour great step up from temple run 1?
lenten ratingfive this is  a great sequel to the original temple run.
lenten ratingfive i also love that the the scenery is a ruin.
lentwenty ratingthree im i missing some think with the cliff with no rope or is some think you can do about it
leneight ratingfive i love temple run 2 it's the best
lenthree ratingfive cool i guess?
lentwelve ratingfour it lags a little on my gs3 but overall its fun and addicting
lennine ratingfive thank you imangi for making the temple run games.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive #3 cant wait.
lenfifteen ratingfive me & my family love this game very much thank you very much for this game
leneight ratingfive love the graphics, and much fun to play.
lenfour ratingfive best gage muust download.
lenfour ratingone i hate this game .
lenseven ratingone they monkeys make me want to puke.
lensix ratingthree just like the first, but prettier.
lenseven ratingthree rips off sections of rail rush though.
lenseven ratingfour it the best temple run game ever :-)
lenthree ratingfive better than tr 1 :)
lenseven ratingfive many new cool gameplay features and environment.
lensix ratingfive i'll be hooked for awhile.
leneight ratingone i downloaded it but it wont work :"c
lenthree ratingfive just superb graphics.
lenfive ratingfive very flexible and very neat.
lenthree ratingfive good job guys.
lensix ratingfive felt refreshing while playing this game
lenseven ratingfive an example of what sequels should be.
lentwo ratingfive perfect game
lenthirtyone ratingfive this app is ohh sooo awesome hint:you can slide it at the turns a little before and you can dunk or jump over fire!hope my hints are helpful .bye!:);)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive so smooth and entertaining!
lenseven ratingfive sooo much better than the first one!
lenthree ratingfive just overall amazing
lentwelve ratingfour this game is awesome and fun its way better than the first
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensix ratingfive same fun as the original game
lenfour ratingfive amazing and very addicting(:
leneight ratingone crashes my phone everytime i try to install.
leneleven ratingfive loving the graphics and added difficulty.and the change of scenery.
lenfive ratingfive beautiful on my galaxy note 2.
lenseven ratingfive i am sooo addicted to this game!
lenfour ratingfive defiently worth 5 star ratings!
lentwentytwo ratingfive much better than the first one by a long shot, the only thing is that i wish there'd be more characters
lenfour ratingfive addictive and nearly flawless.
lentwenty ratingfour the broken bridge is really narrow, the jumps and turns slightly delayed at times but this is still super fun
leneight ratingfour good game but lagging a little while playing.
lenseventeen ratingfour should be able to gain lives with coins and only start over when your out of lives.
lenfour ratingone this is soo crap
lenfourteen ratingfive the best game i've ever laid my hands on on a smart phone.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneighteen ratingfour lags toooooo much and takes tooo long to load:-/ would be 5* fix it and it'll be fantastic!
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a lot better than the first temple run i love it
lentwelve ratingfive much better than the first game, and doesn't crash my phone.
lenseventeen ratingfive its a very good app but its a little lagy & i cant screenshot my scorer please fix
leneight ratingone keep trying to download but it won't.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lenfourteen ratingfive i'm still getting used to the big monkey but overall, i love it!
lenseventeen ratingfive best game ever so addicted but so fun and much more exciting than the original temple run!
leneleven ratingtwo reaction time on my phone is garbage, sensitivity is non existent.
lenseventeen ratingfour its real fun game, compared to earlier version, its really nice one.just downlod and enjoy this.
lensixteen ratingtwo brilliant graphics, however after 5 minutes of playing it gave me a headache and waves of nausea!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive this is the 2nd best mobile game i have ever played it is better than number 1 especially the mine cart and zip wire but mine craft pocket edition is a tincy bit better
lennine ratingfive what else can i say more about this game
leneight ratingtwo this game is hard for no daggone reason.
lenten ratingfive i love this game it is very fun to play
lenfive ratingfive overall a very fun continuation (:
lensix ratingfour adding play variety was particularly nice.
lenfour ratingfive this is sooo epic!
lentwenty ratingfive if there's ever gonna be a temple run 3 then it better be awesome and epic at the same time!
lenthree ratingfive i luv dis
lenfive ratingfive brilll better than temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive same gameplay, more depth.
lenfour ratingfive good sequel--and free!
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are amazing, prefer the first one but i like this one
lentwentyfive ratingone it soo annoying mine got to the title screen and then closed the game soo if you have a htc desire do not download it .
lenthree ratingone uninstalled straight away !
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive this game run perfect on my htc desire and this game worth 5 stars
lenseven ratingfive so fun good graphics and more challenges !
lentwentyfour ratingone wont even open on my galaxy s ii freezes and then force closes.which im not suprised because temple run i does the same
lenten ratingone i lost everything i had and the game play glitches
lenfour ratingthree sometimes it doesnt load :/
lensix ratingfive a great part 2 to temple run
lenfour ratingfive this game is perfect:-)
lenseven ratingthree it runs very slow at the start.
lentwelve ratingthree and goes far far to fast later.hard to control when fast.
leneight ratingthree sometimes it goes black on me for somereason.
lentwo ratingfive sooooooo fun!
lenthree ratingfive good game play
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingfive hard but fun
lennine ratingthree enjoy playing, but freezes on my samsung galaxy s.
lensix ratingfive :)) i hate the straight way thoee
lenthirtyfive ratingfive its  more intresting you have zipnlines and when you get to this one place you get to ride a cart it is awsome so install it rate it give it 5 stars if you love it!
lenfour ratingfive its a supreme game
lensix ratingfour this game is great and addicting.
lenseventeen ratingfour the only problem i have is the turn sensitivity and some bugs that need to be fixed.
lentwenty ratingfour like when i am trying to avoid pits and fail he sometimes he gets stuck in the air or ground.
lensix ratingfour otherwise great product for the money!
lenfour ratingfive it freezes up tho.
lenthree ratingfive butt its addictivee!
lentwelve ratingfour its a great app but i kinda think the cave is hard.
lensixteen ratingone i would love to rate this game high but every so often my money keeps going :(
lenfour ratingfive shakeel ahmed galaxy siii
leneight ratingfive it has pretty good graphics but well done!
lennine ratingthree the game itself is amazing but a big but.
lennine ratingthree bought points in the game twice all went nice.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree until i bough the 150.000 points for ?6, got charged but still no points received in game and sent email to the support email address provided in the official website 5-6days ago but no reply .
lenthirteen ratingthree if support team don't fix ill report to google, simple as that.
lenfourteen ratingone it doesn't work on my sidekick 4g:/, was realy excited to play the game!
lensix ratingfour its a challenge especially on android.
lensix ratingfive amazing, much better than the first!
lenseven ratingfive so fun its so entertaining.love it
lentwo ratingfour fantastic fun !
lensix ratingfour touch control needs a tweak though
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is so awsome.
lenfour ratingfive super fun & so cool
lensix ratingfive makes the tube ride sail by.
lensix ratingfive super awesome game with amazing graphics
lenfive ratingfour very good game and adicting!
lentwelve ratingfour i really like what the team has done to better this version.
lensixteen ratingfour however, sometimes it gets choppy with the turn sensitivity and you could miss very important turns!
leneleven ratingfour i bought 150,000 coins in game and it has not yet appeared.
lenseventeen ratingfour would be appreciated if this can be cleared up otherwise great game just like the first one :)
leneight ratingfour its awesome and better than the previous one
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
leneight ratingfive a lot more better than the older version.
leneight ratingfive my favorite game ever is now even better!
lenthree ratingfive swag game, bro
lenfortyfive ratingfive you get all the same silky smooth play of the first one and equally addictive but gameplay is more challenging/rewarding and graphics are insane in comparison p.s. for new players you don't need to play temple run 1 for it to make sense
lenten ratingfive awesome addicting game that passes time and has great graphics!
lensix ratingfive better than temple run 1 by far !
lenfour ratingfive amazing game so adictive
lentwo ratingfive awsome gams
lennine ratingone it keeps force closing on my samsung galaxy s 4g.
leneight ratingone wont go past imagi studios load up page
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive entertaining game.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour graphics are better than in temple run, and i like it, although it sometimes bugs, but i can live with it.
lenfourteen ratingfour i only have one complain: i find your lack of tilt sensitivity option disturbing.
lenfour ratingfive the game is addicting.
lentwo ratingfive perfectly executed
lennine ratingfive you guys should make a temple run 3 this summer.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is not only the best but most addicting game on the phone
lenseven ratingtwo glitches but other than that great game
lensix ratingfive absolutely fun & a lot more challenging
lennine ratingfive great game you have to be fast and more
leneight ratingfour the game freezes up on my phone sometime.
leneleven ratingfour that's the only thing i have wrong with this game.
lenfour ratingfour everything else is great!(:
lenfive ratingfive this is an excellent game
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lentwo ratingfive excellent version
lenthree ratingfour awesome n engaging.
lenfour ratingfour cn b more fluid.
lensixteen ratingfour apart frm the graphics, nthn new in d game like new kind of targets or characters.
lenfour ratingfour bt love d game.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive it is super amazing!
lenfour ratingfive it has awesome graphics!
lensix ratingfive and, it loads fast and great!
leneleven ratingfive it has differnt locations you can run than the first one!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
leneight ratingfive i don't let anybody else play it.
leneight ratingfive temple run 1 was good to but 2 is better!:-)
lenfour ratingfive my new favorite game.
lenthree ratingfive grest game x
lenfive ratingfive swsome and fun great grafics
lennine ratingfive it's great much better than the old one
lenfourteen ratingfive the same basic concept but the   added features make it so much more fun:)
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so cool and it is the best android game ever
lenfive ratingfive killer man !my new fav!
lenfour ratingfour turboo gnjoooj na kubiik
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lensixteen ratingfive brilliant, but confused as to why when i die i loose all the coins i got.
lennineteen ratingfive for example was on 4000 coins but i died and then went back down to 1000.could someone explain why please.
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun but hard
lenten ratingfour this would get five stars if it ran more smoothly.
lennine ratingfour it has glitches but besides that it is awesome
lenten ratingone i want to play so bad but keeps force closen ?
lenfour ratingfive so better than tempelrun 1
lenseven ratingfive it is fun skilled and awesome ily
lenfive ratingfive omg i love this game
lenseven ratingfour its better than the first temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is cool i played part 1 , brave but this is the best
lenfourteen ratingthree freezes up sometimes but even worse is that my coins aren't being saved.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i'll go from two or three thousand at the start of a game to 200 when i get back to the menu.
lenthirteen ratingone the app force closes every time upon start up on my samsung infuse 4g.
lenseven ratingthree the game is great but soooo laggy!
leneleven ratingthree i don't even have that many apps on my samsung.
lenthree ratingthree such great creativity!
lenten ratingthree more challenging than the first.however the sensitivity needs work.
lenfifteen ratingthree the swiping is definitely not as responsive and the game freezes and slows up randomly.
lenten ratingthree fix these technical bugs, and we've got a winner!
lenthirty ratingone its a really fun game but if i get a really high score and die when i click the save me it freezes and crashes and i loose the score.
lentwelve ratingone its really annoying and i wont play this game until its fixed
lenfour ratingfive this is mind blowing.
leneight ratingfive im soooooooooooooooooooooo addicted i can never get enough
lentwentysix ratingone i have a 3inch screen.while playing complete screen is covered by side meters and there is no place left for main game screen.pls fix it.
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the game but when you hit the home button a lot of times it freezes up and i don't like it  please fix!
lensix ratingfour this game is smooth and nice. :)
lentwentyfive ratingfive its not working on my smartphone, but by the looks of gameplay this game is cold, cant wait to get it goin on my phone.
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is even better than temple run.
lentwenty ratingfive i can wait for temple run three if temple run 1 and 2 is good the next one will be even better.
lensixteen ratingfive as soon as i get home from school , im on it like 25/8 and i mean 25/8 not 24/7, 25/8
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game it is very fun and as far as i have seen there are no bugs
lensix ratingfour has some lag issues and bugs.
lenten ratingfour primarily boosting on ropes makes you come off really fast.
lenthirteen ratingfive really nice, totally addictive and finally time to set a new high score
lenseventeen ratingone i dont know why , the game downloads but dosent install, it says unknown url, please fix it
lenfour ratingfive love love love it!
lenseven ratingfive my legs ain't even tired yet.
lentwentyfive ratingfive fantastic really better than temple run 1 its like more to it than just running in a jungle  i wonder what temple run 3 would be like
lenten ratingfive works good a lil laggy but pretty good 5 stars still
lentwentyseven ratingfive loved the game its way better then the first but i still have love for it to and now i have my girlfriend playing the game too!
lenfifteen ratingfive and she loves it to but is still getting use to the first one!:) lol
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is cool fun and always keeps me entertained and wanting more.
lenthree ratingfive really great game.
lenfourteen ratingfive if you love temple run 1 then this one will be way above your expectations
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfour great but still the more than an occasional freeze causing yu to die
lenthree ratingfive htc sensation xl
leneight ratingfour great graphics,, great fun my son loves it
lensix ratingfive way more exciting than temple run 1
lenseventeen ratingfive it has a a lot of new graphics.its a great sequal to the first temple run
leneight ratingone will freeze when saved on most long runs.
lenfourteen ratingfive usually every sequel game is a blunder but temple run 2 is better then previous.
lentwo ratingfive imangi rocks
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is amazing i love it  it kinda took long to come on but still love it lady pink by :-)
lentwentyone ratingfive the first remple run is fantastic, so when i overheard that there was a temple run 2, i had to download it!
lenfour ratingfive the game is amazing
lensixteen ratingtwo i love the game,  but there's way too many bugs and crash issues with it.
leneight ratingtwo the lag time on this version is horrible.
lenthirteen ratingtwo my high score in the first version is over 2m,  this one is barely 70k.
lenten ratingtwo everytime i play, it freezes, locks up, then i die
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game i'm totally addicted to this game deserves 5 stars
lenthree ratingfive great game ever.
lenfour ratingfive must download trust me
lenseven ratingfive you can easily get addicted to it.
leneleven ratingfive it's a great way to spend your spare time anyway.
lenfour ratingfive totally killed subway surfer
lensix ratingfour loved the graphics and game plan.
lentwo ratingfive amazing cool
lenten ratingfive this is a fun game but the first is better
lenfour ratingfive graphics r much better.
lennine ratingfive while i like the original, this is really fun.
lensix ratingfive it has awesome graphics as well
lenthree ratingfive exciting and engaging.
leneleven ratingfive i think i need both rehab and therapy after this. :d
lenseven ratingone i love the first 1 batter  then second 1
leneleven ratingthree cool my kids r so addicted and it look cooler than tr1!
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfive ratingfive loads of great new things.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game :-)
lenten ratingfour fun game but there are times where u cant turn.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive very fun time waster.
lenseven ratingfive nice game, much harder than first one.
lensix ratingfive great graffics and cool new tricks
lenseven ratingfive a game i never get tired of!
lensix ratingfive looks good on bread and sausage
lennine ratingthree would have given a 5, but choosing the "save me"
lenten ratingthree feature causes the game to crash on my droid razr.
lentwelve ratingthree other than that, beautiful graphics, great follow-up game to temple run!
lenseven ratingfive once  you play you can not stop
lenten ratingfive simply loving it and thanks for adding back button usage!
lenten ratingfive makes my phone crash.but i guess its worrg it
lentwentythree ratingfour good game but everytime i go on ill lose coins i never come back to the same amount of coins please fix asal
lenten ratingfive i love temple run but obsessed overtemple run 2 try it.
lentwelve ratingfive great game, expands on the original and improves it in every way!
lenseven ratingfive way better than the dull first one
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfifteen ratingfive lg optimus l7.it's a very nice game after temple run 1st.so i am giving 5*****.
lenseventeen ratingfive so cool to ride in the cart i've gotin to 10million but then it went back too 1million.
lenfour ratingfive best runaway game ever!
lenthirtyeight ratingfour i bought a new tablet and it works perfect with the new graphics it's amazing ! ;) but there is a little problem or like a bug when i run the road is white and there is a rock!
lennineteen ratingfour and u cant see anything so plz fix it coz it's bothering me so after fixing it 5 ***** stars
lenfive ratingfive runs smooth and looks great.
lennine ratingfive good, lags a little at points, but not bad
leneight ratingfive excellent app much better than the first one
leneighteen ratingone temple run every time i get a high score or score lots of coins the game shuts off.
lentwentyeight ratingone when i come back the coins are taken away and the gems show a minus sign.like i owe the game gems, what kinda bullsh*t ia that?
lentwelve ratingone bad game overall very unresponsive and when ever i play it lags
lentwelve ratingfive mayb hav a facebook leaderboard makes d game all d more competitive!
leneleven ratingone it wont start up for me.that really sucks for me.
leneight ratingfive best game i've everbplayed on my tebletxxxxx
lentwo ratingfour joyful game. ;-)
lennine ratingfive i love the action and colors of the setting
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
leneleven ratingfour this is an amazing game with great graphics nd new theme.
lenseventeen ratingfour i gave it 4 stars as it is force closing nd i am nt able 2 play it anymore.
lenfive ratingfour motion sensitivity cud b better.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome !
leneleven ratingfive i like it i really feal like am inside the game
lenseventeen ratingtwo this game is good but it could be a lot better if they actually fixed the lag.
lensixteen ratingtwo there have been a couple times i've died for no reason because of the lag.
lenthirteen ratingtwo sometimes i forget its temple run and th think treyarch made this game
lentwelve ratingfive the only thing i think is that there should be unlockable worlds.
lenfourteen ratingfive i lobe this game iam so aadictid to it they shoud make a 3rd one
leneleven ratingtwo not as good as i had expected,ok for free though
lentwentyone ratingfour i love this game but in the middle of a high score run the sob app closed and didn't save.
lensix ratingfive best game on the market yet !
lenfour ratingfive love, love, love it
lenfour ratingfour nice game, complex thou.
lensixteen ratingfour i have to control d screen touch and slant the phone again plus jumping and sliding.
lentwentyone ratingfour overall a pretty nice game, but if we had a blend of the original temple run like objectives and more "levels"
lenthirtyfour ratingfive i love this game but if there was a way to were it was not as slow sometimes that would be awesome but it runs very fast usally so i want a temple run 3
lenseventeen ratingthree it's cool but it freezes up alot and sometimes when i jump it doesn't jump.
lenseven ratingfive it is the vest i love it
lenseven ratingfive i love it it is so awesome! :-)
lentwentysix ratingthree overall, the second installment of temple run features many great new additions, such as the mine cart sections, ropes, new power ups and power up mechanics.
lenfourteen ratingthree graphics are impressive, although somewhat repetitive and all environments share a similar colour palette.
lenfortytwo ratingthree the game is occasionally not as responsive as one would have expected and controls can be slightly off.although challenging for the first few runs quickly becomes much too simple, and it feels incredibly easy to reach scores in the 8 digit range.
lenfour ratingone keeps closing.wont open
lensix ratingfive i love dis game its fun
lensix ratingtwo good game but lags and long.
lenthree ratingtwo boot up time
leneight ratingfive this is a waybetter temple run than temple run1
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive phenomenal game.
lensix ratingfive graphics are amazing in this game!
lenfive ratingfive made my belly flip flop.
lenfive ratingfive its cool had no lags!
lenfour ratingfive a very keen game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lennine ratingfive this is the best game ever to pass time.
lennine ratingfive so much better than first game  get it now!
lentwo ratingfive super like
leneleven ratingfive no glitches, better than the first game and just perfectly made.
lennine ratingfour not better then the first one but its ok! !
lenthirty ratingthree it's a good improvment on the first edition of temple run but it is still really bad on lower range android phones would be great to get it sorted
leneighteen ratingfive good, better than the other, similar to subway surfers, less challenging than subway surfers, but fun and challenging
lenseven ratingfour i like it better than the first
lenthree ratingfive bhut jyada vadiyaa
lentwentyfive ratingfive this second temple run is way better than the first one its really cool and hecka awesome , i'm so addicted to this game :d
lensixteen ratingfour woild give it a five but it glitches out on my phone probly needs mor updates
lenfive ratingfour its very nice and hard.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive good fun   game
lenfour ratingfour its a little confusing
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing.
lenfive ratingfive it is challenging and addicting :)
lentwentythree ratingtwo theres a glitch that it waits for 15-20 seconds, closes out, and never opens up again it just repeats doing that ovet and over
leneleven ratingfive must get, its way better than any other game on here
lenseventeen ratingfive this new temple run is pretty fun and it has a lot better graphics than the original
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive dunno how to describe it, the terrain is so much more detailed, the objectives and the shop is easier to use, this is in short, the best running game i've played
lenfive ratingfive tooooooooo gud.love this game.
lentwenty ratingone i keep installing in my galaxy note, but it always said 'application cannot be installed in the default installation location'.
lenthree ratingfive youll love it!
lenfive ratingfour i hate the mine buggy.
lensix ratingfour seriously, i die in it everytime!
leneleven ratingfive i love it its so much beter than tempel run one
lensix ratingfive i am obsessed with temple run!
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are insanley amazing.
leneleven ratingfive its fun to play i love playing this when im boredcx
lenfour ratingfive love this freaking game
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
leneight ratingfour runs smoothly and is a great second installment.
lenthirteen ratingfour however the loading time on startup is between 1 and 2 minutes which is frustrating.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenseven ratingfive even my 6  and 4 year olds love it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive chuur meke shizz
lentwentyone ratingfive lol jk its free but awesome game and love hows theres no lagg keep up the good work  oscar mike out.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive the graphics are amazing and there aren't any bugs!
leneleven ratingone will not let me download unto to my galaxy s ii!
leneight ratingfive best game i've played on this phone!
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addicting.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive impressive improvement versus the original.
lentwentyone ratingone keeps on freezing when running and  it gets me killed please update or fix any bugs like freezing, trouble loading etc.
lenthree ratingthree game plays well
lenfive ratingfive epic game god its epic!
leneight ratingone it wont even let me play it sucks
lenseven ratingthree love the new one so much better.
lenseven ratingthree also my faviort part is the cart
lenseven ratingfive runs smooth hours of fun for free.
lentwentyseven ratingone after playing game a few times and get off of it when you try to get back on it, it crashes and you have to redownload it!
lentwo ratingfive cool jose
lenfour ratingfive this game is amsome
lenthree ratingfive its great umm
leneighteen ratingfour its good and really pretty but i dont like the fact that its harder to control the character
lentwelve ratingfive i loved the first temple run but love this one even better.
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is the highest rated game for a reason!
lenfourteen ratingfive download it now, and you will love temple run 2 as much as i do :-)
lenfortyfour ratingtwo i download the game and it was fun and addictive (just like the firs temple run) but soon it started to lag and would pick up on my swipes also as soon as i get to about 1,500 coins it would start over to 300 coins!
lenfour ratingtwo someone owes me 3,000 coins!
leneleven ratingfive its funnier than the original with more options but its harder
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome and if you play it you will like it
lenten ratingfive its a great game to play while waiting for something.
lenthree ratingfive loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentythree ratingthree loved it at first but then a had some trouble it didnt respond when i touched the screen dont know its going crazy.!
lenfourteen ratingfive upgraded graphics and new powerups system made me love this game all over again
lentwo ratingfive amazingly awesome
lenthirtyfour ratingfive very fun!i love the new landscape,and how u have gems that help u survive longer and u don't have to buy them they had them out free during the game!perfect!
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive i hate that u have to start over on temple run one and two
leneight ratingfive great game but why does it always lag?
lenfifteen ratingfour the graphics and the new ideas are awesome, but the games lags quite a bit.
lennine ratingfour no matter what quality settings or internet connection speed.
lentwenty ratingfour i really hope this is addressed because this game, even with it's problems is one if my new faves.
lentwelve ratingfour extremely frustrating when it lags when you're on a run though.
lenthirteen ratingfour will give five stars when this is addressed because this games is awesome
lenfive ratingfive awesome game the best ever
lenthree ratingfour lags a little
lensix ratingone doesnt work on samsung galaxy s.
leneight ratingfour its good doesnt freeze at all or lag
lenseven ratingfive totally better than the first temple run.
leneight ratingthree love the new world and the running experience.
lenfourteen ratingthree i however have a problem with the app crashing with the save me feature.
leneight ratingthree i use the first generation samsung galaxy tab.
lentwentyseven ratingthree but this should not be an explanation for the app crashing only at the save me feature and giving me no coims but all my gems gone.
lenfourteen ratingfour i loved the first one i can't stop playing the second definitely recommend
lenten ratingone it won't even go past the start up screen?
lenten ratingone i have to reinstall any time i want to play.
lenfive ratingfive lags a lil some times
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive time flys when your having fun
lentwentyone ratingthree i like the game but is a bit laggy on the s3 if you guys fixed this it will definitely get 5 stars!
lensix ratingfive it is a very fun game
lenthree ratingfive love this game :)
lenfour ratingthree still a little buggy.
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is way  better than the original
lentwentyseven ratingfive this game has excellent graphics, it's a lot of fun to play and it presents much more of a challenge compared to the original temple run!
lenthree ratingfive much improved gameplay.
lentwo ratingfive better graphics.
lentwo ratingfive more upgrades.
lenfourteen ratingfour i bought loads of gems and didnt get so i wasted ?6 on the game.
lenfive ratingfour sort it and ill give 5
lennine ratingfive this is the best game i have ever played.
lenfifteen ratingfive my favorite part is the zip line :-) the point is it is a good game!
lenseven ratingfive very good, addicting way to pass time.
lenseventeen ratingfive really great game just if there were more people.love the game .its kinda like the other!
lensix ratingfive fun game harder than first one
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this game is sooo awesome i love it it is my favorite game on earth the first version is fun but this version is awesome  i can't wait till they make a third version :-)
lenten ratingfour really fun and just as difficult as the first one.
lennine ratingfour the graphics are better and the world very 3d interactive.
leneleven ratingfour the mine is very scarce and ends up being mostly leaning.
lentwelve ratingfour also the clever death messages have been reduced and feel more generic.
lenfifteen ratingfour i also didn't like that the camera angle doesn't change when you slide.
lenseventeen ratingfour was really bummed that they took out my favorite trap, the rope trip from the bridge sections.
lenten ratingfive it's a great game a little laggy but fun
lenfour ratingfive dis game go hard
lensixteen ratingfour for the most part its an awsome game theres only a few things i would change.
lensix ratingfive awsome game and better than templerun
leneight ratingfive i love the graphics on my galaxy ii!
lenseven ratingfour i love the game and the franchise.
lenfive ratingfour it's addictive as hell.
leneight ratingfour being a new game, there are some bugs.
lentwentyseven ratingfour notably, when i tilt the phone left, it's debatable some games if my character will do the same, but i have a lot of fun otherwise.
lensix ratingfive i love this game it rocks!
lenfour ratingfive game is so amazing
lenforty ratingfive had the first temple run and its not nearly as fun as this one the graphics are enhanced  it seems like gameplay is realistically faster and all the motions work siginficantly better at least on my galaxy note 2 they do!
lenfive ratingfive great game im addicted 5 stars!
lensixteen ratingone paid 15 dollars for the 150000 coin pack and the coin doubler and still haven't recieved it .
leneight ratingfive if i was gay i would die peace
lentwentyone ratingfive if you loved temple run then you'll love temple run 2 it has great new feature that make for better experience
lentwo ratingfive awesomely awesome.
lenthree ratingfive most buetiful game
lenfour ratingfour well  designed simple game
lenfive ratingfive really nice and fun game
lensix ratingfive the improvements made the game great.
lentwelve ratingthree it looks cool but won't download,but the first one can
lenseven ratingone temple run 1 is so better in response
lenthirteen ratingone i downloaded the game and open it and it just closes (please help)
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenthree ratingfour nice time spender.
lenthirteen ratingfive zippline way better than temple run not to mention giant demon monkey ,awsome.
lensixteen ratingfive miner difficulties like having to judge the difference between when you have to jump or duck
lenfive ratingtwo makes you step through objectives.
lennine ratingtwo you have to do one run for 250m, 500m, 1000m,etc each.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i am at level 8 with having to do two one million lifetime objectives and a 500k lifetime gold.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfour this game cool
lenfour ratingfive best game love it!
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting.
lennine ratingfive i keep killing my phone playing it non stop
lenfourteen ratingfive ily temple run inventors but i like the first one better in my opinion
lentwentyfour ratingfour how am i going to ba able to complete it when i end up keep touching the powerups while jumping to the left/right?
lennine ratingfive it keeps you on you toes i love it
lenthree ratingfive great time waster.
leneight ratingfive best game temple run, just got way better.
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingone got to 9million then the game crashed on me.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentyfive ratingfive tweet option doesn't work sometimes, problems while changing the visual setting, no exit button, sounds still remains on even after muting game sound levels
lenseven ratingthree temple run will always be the same.
lenten ratingthree also disappointed with the fact that there are only 4 characters.
lentwentyone ratingthree also even if i turn the volume all the way down i hear the feet tapping and it interrupts my music
leneighteen ratingone i hace a htc android and it lags really bad please fix asap then.i will vive 5 stars
lenseven ratingfour the game is great and wonderfully imoroved.
lenseven ratingfour the only issue is the slight lag
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lensix ratingthree not bad, but a little choppy.
lenfive ratingthree works better on the ipad.
lentwenty ratingfive i think it is better than the original on quite a few things like the other things you have added!
leneight ratingfive get this app and you wont regret it!
lensixteen ratingone both temple run 1 and 2 glitch on my phone so bad that i can even play it!
lenthirtythree ratingone i swype to jump it glitches and it doesn't jump ive started over 4 times in a row and it will not let me take the initial jump to even start the game!
lenfourteen ratingone i have an android now when i had the iphone it worked perfectly fine!
lenthirteen ratingone i would appreciate a glitch fix so i can actually play the game!
lentwo ratingfive oh yea
lenthree ratingfive great game pepole
lentwo ratingfive excelent game!
lensix ratingfour turns aren't smooth, fix this
lenfive ratingfive nice version of temple run
lentwentyeight ratingfive level 8 duplicate objective names and when your boost runs out while you're on a zip line, your character never slows down - continuing on an impossibly fast pace.
lentwentynine ratingfive also, i feel like you should have more doable objectives following after another - took forever to get to million lifetime meters and the next objective is ten million meters?
lentwelve ratingfive or took forever to get 500,000 coins and the next one is 1,000,000 coins?
lenseventeen ratingfive i get that these objectives should come but how about some intermediary ones to keep us engaged?
lensix ratingfive this game my heart jumping.addicted!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive samsung galaxy 3
leneight ratingthree its okay it shuts down my phone alot!
lenthirteen ratingthree great game very addictive but i purchased some money and never got it
lentwelve ratingfive there is more to the sequel and the graphics are much nicer.
lenthree ratingfive love the game!
lenfive ratingfour i will definitly recomend it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lennineteen ratingfive love the app, but i thought of a cool update that you might want tp put into the app.
lentwentyseven ratingfive additional sounds, for instance when you get close to a river and jump over it add water sounds :d. rope sounds even the spinning spike trap thing.
lenfive ratingfive just.fun fun fun .fun
lentwentysix ratingone the graphics is the only thing better, the upgrades are complicated, the first one made more since to and how it was set up was better
lenfifteen ratingfive downloaded the first temple run, got bored didn't see what the big deal was.
lenfour ratingfive downloaded to sons ipad.
lenfifteen ratingfive it was great, slapped this greasy pig on my note 2, been playing for days now.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfifteen ratingthree this new temple run is nice but it does get a sluggish on me sometimes.
lenten ratingthree i have the htc one v :3 its also really fun
lenthirteen ratingfive this app is all new it even has more features than the last!
lennine ratingfive great but i'm disopointed about characters needs more.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive completely awesomeness!
lennine ratingfive but like the saiyan gang (community) page on facebook!
lentwo ratingfive awesomeness yo!
lensixteen ratingfive like the saiyan gang (community) page on facebook though or i will fart in your mouth!
lenten ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one
lenfour ratingfour this game is cool
lenthirteen ratingthree can still hear foot steps with both volume sliders all the way down.
lenthirteen ratingthree foot steps over music isnt the best sound. :/ other than that, great app.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingthree this game is really fun but it lags to much.
lenten ratingthree fix that problem and i will give it five stars
lennine ratingfive awesome fun couldnt wait for it to come out
lentwo ratingfive fun app
lensix ratingfive it's a fun exciting game.
lenfour ratingfive it has great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive highly recommend this awesome game.
lenseventeen ratingone the game will not load for me and i've tried un installing and re installing it .
lennine ratingfive this right here is my game so pay attention
lentwentyfive ratingfour great game i played the original and like this one more however this version is missing some stuff like  the wings and could be better.
lensix ratingfive the graphics are really great too.
lenfive ratingfive extra obstacles and better controls.
lenseven ratingfour love it but it have lagss somtetimes
lenfive ratingfive one word for it.awesome
lenthirteen ratingfive addictive and fun omg just quit reading the reviews and get this game!
lenthree ratingtwo more explaining needed?
lenfortythree ratingone whenever i go on the game it goes back to the guide u have to do and when i die my game freezes so i cant even olay u guys have to fix this the game us good but its a major problem
lenthirteen ratingone i really thought this game would be amazing but i am incredibly disappointed.
lentwentyone ratingone it is far too sensitive and there is no way to change this so the dude is constantly crashing into walls.
leneight ratingone secondly, it's too busy for my liking.
lenseventeen ratingone i prefered temple run 1 because it is so much easier as there is less to think about.
lenfourteen ratingfive man i love temple run now there's a second one that's better
lenfive ratingone this application is very poor.
lenfive ratingfive its amazing and its awesome
lenseven ratingfive awesome game better then number1 and subway surf
leneight ratingfive this is soooo better than the first one!
lenseven ratingone it'll load then turn complely off .
lenseventeen ratingfive bug on level 8 that reapeats the 1,000,000 lifetime meters objective and the 2nd one wont update even if completed.
lenthirteen ratingthree not very smooth on touch screen keep diaing because gestures did not work
lenfour ratingfive its a wonderful game
lenfive ratingfive like better than temple run
lenthirtyone ratingfour the game is fun and addicting but there are a few bugs with the gem system, like losing all your gem upgrades on power ups each time you start the game.
lentwenty ratingfour also i'm seeing artifacts when the running speed increases, as well as areas not loading on time or late.
lennine ratingfour and the achievements are so time consuming and high.
lenseven ratingfour great game better then the first one.
lenfive ratingfour runs great on my galaxy s3
lenfour ratingfive good game love it
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lenseven ratingfour but it needs to be more sensitive.
lenthirteen ratingfour t2 is better than the first one so far as i am still experimenting.
lentwo ratingfive cool game !
lentwenty ratingthree it is really glitchy and i keep loosing bcause of it .it needs to get updated.majorly stops and goes.
lensix ratingthree stops and goes.its really annoying
leneight ratingfour it is starting to lag a little now?
leneleven ratingfive i think its better then temple run 1 it got really boring.
leneight ratingfive this is going to get real boring soon.
lenseventeen ratingfive good job ps.you should make more temple runs 1, 2, 3, 4 and more keep up the good work ?￥?:-d
lenseven ratingfive i like this game so very much
lenthree ratingfive cooll fun game
lenfifteen ratingfour good game with great graphics better than temple run but can be laggy and freeze
leneighteen ratingthree controls aren't as tight which leads to a lot of cheap deaths, same goes with the gamera.
lensix ratingthree the mining cart segments need polish.
lentwentythree ratingthree the visuals are serviceable but everything looks oversaturated, and the character animations aren't as fluid as before and the characters lack personality.
lenfour ratingthree the menus feel cluttered.
lentwentyone ratingthree the game works but it just isn't as fun to play as temple run 1 or a lot of the competitors.
lenseven ratingfour good game but lags on my phone
leneight ratingfive omg the most awesome game in the world.
lenseventeen ratingfive i didn't know running from a giant demon monkey thingy woulda been so,fun and amazing!
lenseven ratingfive i praise to whoever evented temple run.
lensix ratingfive bit slow though but awesome game!
lensix ratingfive i like this game very much
lenfour ratingfive awsome.i love it!:)
lenfourteen ratingfour my only complaint is that it freezes in the middle of a run sometimes.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive even better then the original!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfourteen ratingtwo it worked for a lil bit, but after a while it just stoped working.
lentwenty ratingtwo it would get to the load screen with all the green and then just go bavk to my home screen
lenseven ratingfour new graphic nice bigger monster,more excitement.
lenseventeen ratingfour very addictive can hardly put the phone down when it's time to take care of things.
lenten ratingfour my opinion download for lots of fun, action, and excitement.
lenfive ratingfour temple run 2 thumbs up review.
lenfortysix ratingthree major improvement to part 1 especially graphics, gameplay and the adventure itself but seems like some ideas have been ripped directly from pitfall & rail rush (the latter being the most obvious) so perhaps come up with something a little more original in part 3, otherwise great time waster.
lennine ratingfive it is awesome to buy buy buy its amazing
lenseven ratingfive really better than 1st .good job imangi studios.
leneleven ratingthree great game, graphics, but the lag for the galaxy s3 kills it
lenthree ratingfive omg im speechless
lenseventeen ratingfive i love the background and all the new features they added since the first one came out.
lenfifteen ratingfive the only thing i don't like is the way they set up the objectives.
lensixteen ratingfour nice upgrade other than the lag that coincidentally occurs when your about to beat the highscore!
lenfortytwo ratingthree i love this game a lot, its way better than its previous veraion but thr touch is not sensitive, i have to apply a bit of force to make my character turn or jump, it gets quite irritating, plz fix this, samsung gs3
leneight ratingfour a great update for a pretty good game
leneight ratingthree its oj for pasting the,tume about it
lentwelve ratingfive wish there were different courses to run but it's still great
lenfive ratingfive great game and great graphics
leneight ratingfive this game is amazing, hopefully they make a 3! :)
lenfive ratingfive imangi studios at their best
lennineteen ratingfour it's a good game but when i try to use the save me button it freezes then closes.
lenseven ratingfive update it it lags on my phone
lenseven ratingfive this is so much better temple run!
lentwenty ratingfive its fun i thought i could only play on my ipad but now it the same thing on my phone
lentwentytwo ratingone i install it to my lg l3, when i start the game the screen are so big and not fit to my lg l3.
lenfive ratingone i cant see the road.
lenseven ratingfive excellent improvement on a brilliant smartphone app
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfour gr8 n awesome app must download it
leneight ratingone it always freezes on the imangi studios logo.
lentwentythree ratingone when it does, my phone vibrates then vibrates again, then kicks me off the game and brings me back to the phone menu.
lenseven ratingfive this gume wis viry fun n endouyabile
lenfifteen ratingfive this is one of the best games i have ever played in my whole life.
lentwenty ratingfive i would rather play temple run 2 then most of my pc ps3 and xbox360 games.i would recommend this game to anynody.
lenthree ratingfive go temple run!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game so much i feel like i want to be in it
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
leneight ratingfive just as addicting as the first, only better.
leneighteen ratingfive lagged for me a little bit at first, but doesn't seem to do it anymore :) great game!
lensix ratingfive hopefully temple run 3 in the future!
lensix ratingfive excellent game it really hooks you.
lenseventeen ratingfive i think this game is awesome and think that people should download it it's very addicting
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenten ratingfive loves all the new stuff compared to the first one.
lenfive ratingfive lol  but ill keep trying
lenfourteen ratingfive jeez i miss my train stop fairly regularly ever since i downloaded this game.
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lentwelve ratingfour but it tries too hard to make you buy gems and coins.
lenfour ratingthree i love this game!
lenseven ratingthree but it lags and glitches a bunch.
lenseven ratingthree needs improvement, but better than last one.
leneleven ratingfive better than first one imaen all the new action ziplineing amazing
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun.
lentwentyfive ratingfive this is a real huge important update and it's so good the graphics are great everything is way better than the first  temple run
lensix ratingfive better than the original temple run
leneleven ratingone stays on the green i for like 5 minutes then forces close
lennine ratingfour controls are a lil funny but i like it
lenfour ratingfive a game so realistic.
lenfive ratingfive fun game for all ages.
lenfive ratingfive the most funniest game ever
lenthirteen ratingfive this new version is more smooth and with more features and awesome effects.
lenthree ratingfive super dope version
lentwentythree ratingthree i really like what tr2 has to offer since i was a bit worried it would be just a complete repeat of the original.
lentwentyone ratingthree that said, the game does get fairly laggy on my galaxy nexus after a few minutes of playing making it unusable.
leneighteen ratingthree the touch sensitivity also seems low because it misses some of my swipes (usually when it starts lagging).
lenthirteen ratingthree definitely looking forward to future releases with big fixes, i'm addicted already!
lenten ratingfour it's not that bad, more epic than the original (:
lentwo ratingfive badasss game
lenseven ratingfive fun but slow on this phone unfortunately.
leneleven ratingfive this game is 10x better now bc you can get far lol
lenfour ratingfive runs great on my galaxy2
lentwenty ratingone when i download it and i try to play the game it does not let me it just close it
lenfour ratingfour temple run was better.
lennineteen ratingfour way better than part one.just a few glitches from time to time but overall.very addicting and enjoyable!
lennine ratingfour addictive game like it much better than the first.
lentwentynine ratingfour some times when you use a save me it dose force close and it uses the gem but you die anyways and lose all your coins on that run.
lenseven ratingfive an adrenaline rush from start to finish
lensix ratingfour good game, nice interface and gameplay
lenfifteen ratingone i download it on my phone but wen i started to open it wont open .
lenten ratingone i really want to play dis game plsss fix it .
lenfive ratingone my phone model is lg ku5900
lennine ratingfour more awesome and some of the editing is poor
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and a better game play:)
lenseventeen ratingtwo the speed does not reduce after a boost if you slide down a rope during the boost.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo if you're trying to jump a gap, and you hit the edge, it sometimes does a weird thing where you fly to the right or left.
leneighteen ratingtwo the sound of the feet does not mute even if you turn off all sounds from game menu.
lenseven ratingtwo the monkey blocks your view too much.
lenthirty ratingtwo if you have stumbled/used a save me, the speed reduces and thus the jumps where the spiked roller and water have to be cleared in one jump become impossible.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingthree this game is pretty fun.
lenfifteen ratingthree it has plenty of unlocks and it improves upon the original game in many ways.
lenfifteen ratingthree however, it is hampered by lag spikes and the mine cart segments could be improved.
leneleven ratingfive however maybe a bit too easy compared to the last one
lensix ratingone game begins to load then crashes.
lentwo ratingone tried reinstalling.
lenseven ratingone still does not work on droid defy.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
lennine ratingfive its fun and hard and takes the time away!
lentwentyeight ratingthree but you can't get to far because the game always glitches or slows down right when the character needs to turn or jump causing you to die.
leneight ratingthree otherwise the bones of the games are excellent!
lenfour ratingfour fun keeps me occupied
lensixteen ratingthree it's a great game but controls need improving as their is a lack of sensitivity.
lentwentysix ratingthree very good graphics and animations but it is laggy on my droid x. also it would be nice if there was a turn and tilt sensitivity.
lensix ratingtwo i can't play the game.
lensix ratingtwo it stops at the "i" menu.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
leneighteen ratingfour temple run 2 is fun and addictive, but i wish there were real levels rather than an endless maze
lensix ratingfive love the new twists and turns
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfive nice pic.
lentwelve ratingfive temple run was fun enough, but temple run 2 is over the top!
lenseven ratingfive its so much fun and so addicting!
lenfortytwo ratingfour i love this game, the reason i gave it a 4 is because i find it harder to tell where the edge is because the colour of the sky is similar to the path so i end up accidentally jumping off a cliff.
lenthirteen ratingfive this version is so much better than the first,the graphics are awesome!
lennine ratingfive the game is great and it has great graphics
lenten ratingfour the first temple run is flawless because of its simplicity.
lenthirteen ratingfour temple run 2 overcomplicates things a bit, but its still a lot of fun.
lenfive ratingone have droid infuse.wont work.
lenfifteen ratingfour its a really good game, but it lags and kind of messes up the gameplay
lenseven ratingfive it is so fun lo?l tgif
lentwentythree ratingone the graphic of the games are awesome but when you playing its lags you will die at pkaces you do not want to.
leneight ratingone and i have galaxy s3 and it still lags .
leneighteen ratingone add on my iphone i played over 500 times the same very game it does not lag at all.
lennineteen ratingone the developers of this game need to look into an on android update or patch to fix the issue
lenfour ratingfive awsome game love it
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is so awesome i hope they come out with a temple run 3.
lenfourteen ratingfour definitely like this one better than the original and my children loves temple run 2
lentwentytwo ratingfive this is way better than the first temple run this is more of a challenge plus you can save yourself using gems.
lentwentythree ratingfive temple run 2 is a bit 'busy' - more obstacles, objects and features than it's predecessor, but it doesn't compromise the playing experience.
lentwenty ratingfive the new format is more user-friendly and engaging, with the levelling option and ability to be resurrected per death.
leneighteen ratingfive pros: the powerup bar; customisable to playing style/strategy, gems, and gliding ropes which really break-up gameplay.
lentwenty ratingfive cons include minor things such as only three available objectives at a time, irrespective of whether that achievement was reached.
lennine ratingfive yaar ek baar jaroor khelo bahut mast game hai.
lenfive ratingfive kabhi bore nahi hone dega.
lenthree ratingfive high score bnaao.
lensix ratingfour better graphics than the last one.
lenfour ratingthree please add sensitivity control,
lenfourteen ratingone please fix this and there is a little delay when swiping left and right
lenfour ratingfive love temple run forever
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive guy rt to
lenseven ratingfive imangi studio keep up the good works.
lenfive ratingfive love this game very much :-)
lensix ratingfive high quality graphics and highly addictive.
lenthree ratingfive run forest run.
lenfourteen ratingthree looks and works perfectly on my xperia p but sadly, it lacks sensitivity options. :/
lennine ratingfive great special effects, i cant stop playing this game !
lenthree ratingfive vry nce gme.
lenthirteen ratingfive you should get this app it's even better than the first one!
lenfive ratingfour better than first temple run.
lenfourteen ratingfour only thing is the tilt sensitivity and turning in the game is sometimes difficult.
lensix ratingfour otherwise, awesome game and great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive nice game to tackle boredom . ;)
lenthree ratingfour plz sent updates.
lensix ratingfour its nt wrkimg on dell streak.
lensix ratingfour i luvd d game temple run .
lenfive ratingfour very eager to play this
lenseven ratingfive it is temple run only much better
lenthree ratingfive good time waster
leneight ratingone force closes everytime so i can't play
lennine ratingfive very good graphics.just lacks in sensitivity.give update
lenseven ratingfour the game is good,and very entertaining.
lennine ratingfour but the game lags when the running speed increases.
lentwentyone ratingfour last time i almost got one million points,but didn't cause the game lags and can't detect my slide.
lenthree ratingfive ***** for temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive good game i like it
lenfive ratingfour this game is pretty good.
lenthree ratingfour definitely worth downloading.
lenfour ratingfive we want brave free
lenfour ratingfive absolutely addicted to it.
lenfive ratingfive plays brilliant on my galaxy s3.
lennine ratingthree its better than 1 but it freeze up at times!
lenfive ratingthree & the objectives is not accurate!
lenfifteen ratingthree & i hate the level up system its almost impossible because everything so high in coins!
lenten ratingthree the power never reboot after being filled unless u trip
leneight ratingfive this game is more fun to play now
lennine ratingtwo o cmon guys u know what am talking about!
lennine ratingtwo why not in the ios version of the game?
lenfive ratingtwo for heavens sake fix it!
leneleven ratingthree this game is addictive, graphics are excellent but lags in sensitivity.
leneight ratingthree please improve the sensitivity then you will 5 stars.
lensix ratingfive i'm addicted to this.awesome
lenfive ratingfive great graphic's awesome game.
lensix ratingfour supperbbb game better then temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive awesome game must play
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive cool game ever
leneleven ratingfive really awesome nd far better than temple run 1  keep it up :)
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfive ratingfive more good than earlier version.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive cetarr membahana badai.
lentwo ratingfive terpampang nyata.
lentwentythree ratingfour i love this game but the only thing is my coins keep resettin back to nothing instead of keep adding together.please fix
lenthree ratingfive owesoooooooo9999me  its mind blowing
lenseventeen ratingfive my favorite.but, it copied some items from "rail rush".u may play it from google play.
lenfortytwo ratingfour everything is good about this game except: the game crashes a lot, i miss turns even though i do swipe my finger, using gems to save me crashes half the time, and gems are impossible to get because you're going uphill.
leneight ratingfour fix these, and i give a five-star.
leneight ratingone downloaded it a hundred times and never works
lenseven ratingfive the graphics and the game is epic!
lenthirteen ratingfour it's one of the most addicting game's, you will ever play.
lentwo ratingfour amazing graphics!
lentwo ratingfive solid game.
lenthree ratingfive addicting and fun!
lennineteen ratingfive this the best temple yet,theres alot more things ta do,its way better then the old temple run.
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lenseventeen ratingfive the ge has gone a levwl up with fantastic challanges a must have app for any smartphone
lentwentyfour ratingfive i like the new improved temple run because it's  amazing and i aspeshly like the mine bit because i'm good at it
lenseven ratingfive no lags, better graphics, more 3d involved, great!
lenfour ratingfive takes lot of ram.
lenfive ratingfive good graphics by the developer.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentyseven ratingthree its a pretty good game but it laggs and glitches on me all the time on both my android and ipod, which makes it frustrating to play.
lennineteen ratingthree other than that its a good  game like it a lil better than the first other the the lag.
lensix ratingfive this game is epic n awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfive i hope u guys can put in more characters n make them cheaper!
lenfive ratingfive but u guys r awesome!
lenfive ratingfive even better than the original!
leneleven ratingfive unfortunately i couldn't get the hang of it yet hehehe
lentwentyone ratingthree really good game with few glitches i went to the upgrade shop and randomly just lost 10000 coins that's not cool.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree also some times when you jump over a bridge and before you jump you ate tilted the game makes you go a pretty far away from the bridge and you die with is not cool.
leneleven ratingthree please fix this and i want my ten thousand coins back.
lennine ratingfive just run and run and have whole day fun.
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lenfourteen ratingfive as was looking forward to seeing this sequel come out and it is fantastic.
lenseven ratingfive hopefully more characters in the future though.
lenseven ratingfive super fun game especially when your bored
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive worthy successor!
lenseventeen ratingthree there's a bug that causes the character run so fast even after the dash is over
lentwentythree ratingfour it runs much smoother than temple run 1, more improved, but somehow it doesn't look as good or appealing as the previous version.
lenten ratingtwo the game is a great step up, and looks amazing.
lensixteen ratingtwo the huge issue is that once again, like the first game, it glitches constantly on android.
lentwentynine ratingtwo the game won't respond to swipes or tilts in time, and if it does, 25% of the time you get warped to a point like 10 feet/yards/steps ahead.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo it's sad that they made a new game, but it's still got the same problems the first game had a year ago.
lenthirteen ratingfour level 8 get no progress added to it making it impossible to reach lvl 9.
lennine ratingfour other than that its awesome as always 5stars with fixxx
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive love the new graphics!
lenseven ratingfive 5 star very nice game i like it
lenfour ratingfive i love the game
lensixteen ratingfive great game run smooth just can't waiting for another update to improve smoothness & tiny lags
lenfour ratingfive omg i love it
lentwentysix ratingfour only glitch i came across with was that, it freezes whilst using the save me option at end of the game and the gems are bygone.
lentwentyone ratingthree i love the game, but i hate how it freezes when i try to save myself, yet it uses my gem.
lensix ratingfive amazing free game, slick n sick!
lenfourteen ratingtwo will probably increase rating once some patching is done to remove glitches thoughout game.
leneleven ratingtwo many times it becomes unresponsive or responds with the wrong action
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwentythree ratingfive thank u imagi for making such a wonderfull and adicting games.more power to your team.i'll give u 10 star for this.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1!
lentwenty ratingone i really like this game but it keeps lagging i cant get a higher points though :( please fix it up !
lentwentyfive ratingfour great game but needs update to fix the sensitivity on the tilt, and when your turning corners it some times doesn't react fast enough.
lenfour ratingfour needs to load quicker.
leneight ratingfour five stars if you fix them few problems.
lentwelve ratingthree i'm using sumsong nexus, the coins don't accumulate each run.
lenfour ratingthree the game is awesome
lensixtytwo ratingfour overall its a good game, i played this using the ip5 and note2 and found that using the larger phone itself is a bite harder as i don have a large enough hand (played with one hand on the ip5 and its perfect) and you have to tilt it all the way hope a sensitivity bar can be added to compensate for the difference thanks !
leneight ratingfive one of the games that never get boring
lenthirtynine ratingone first of all the game takes way too long to load, when the imangi studios logo comes up, it's upside down the only way i can turn it the right way is if i press the home button.
lenthirteen ratingone would be a great game if it's reliability wasn't so poor
lennine ratingfive good graphics and i was addicted to this game .
lensix ratingfive a great improvement on temple run 1
lenfiftythree ratingtwo i'm a huge fan of the original temple run but this one is under responsive in my timing and i end up running into trees, and to fix this i have to swipe in the direction i want to go twice, and sometimes when i want to duck it makes me jump.
leneight ratingfive awesome way better than than the first one
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfour more thrilled and adventure game
lenfour ratingfive amazing game loving it.
lenthirteen ratingone doesn't work for lg thrill,  it freezes on title screen then closes
lennine ratingfive this is the temple run i was looking for.
leneleven ratingfive this has some boss graphics and the big monkey is badass.
leneight ratingfive next update can u please add more characters.
lennineteen ratingfive like the football player, and you should make it as one of the nfl players that would be boss.
leneight ratingfive thanks for making this game on the market :)
lentwelve ratingfour this is probably the best game that has ever been on android.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the graphics are amazing but it would get my 5 stars if the game did not occasionally close when i use a save me gem
lenfourteen ratingfive i couldnt play the first one but i can play this one real gud.
lentwelve ratingfive even i - who never play games on my mobile, love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive it's build-quality is excellent, the game is fast-paced and is perfect for gaming on the go!
lenseventeen ratingfive i actually like this game as much as some of the games on true portal gaming handhelds!
lensix ratingone i was ecxited to play it.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingthree nice,, update it
lennine ratingfour ooohhh.amazing game.its difficult to play but rocking
lenfive ratingfive nice game, good graphics, addictive
lenfour ratingfive far exceeds the original!
lenten ratingone temple run 2, it dosn't work to my phone xperia
leneight ratingfive a wonderfull game, i just love to play .
lensix ratingfive super addicting game & tons of fun
lenseven ratingfive a little tricky, but it's fun! :-)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensixteen ratingfive great new version, i've been waiting for something new, and wow y'all did it!
lenfour ratingfive its working upto perfection!
lentwo ratingfive grt graphics!
lenseven ratingfive waiting for  tr 3, hatz off 2 d team!
lennineteen ratingfour the game sometimes glitches while you jump over an obstacle it as if you tripped when u really didnt.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive this is a really great and fun game!
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it!
lensix ratingfive thank you for making this game!
lensixteen ratingfive i can't believe you can unlock more characters apart from the guy in temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive plz add a tilt senstivity option i have to tilt my whole way down plzzzzzz.
lenfive ratingfour great update from the first.
leneleven ratingfour still a little laggy on s3 even with power saving mode off.
lenthree ratingfour five stars otherwise.
leneight ratingone didnt even open the game on my impulse 4g.
lennine ratingone i was.looking foward to this game please fix .
lenfour ratingone i really wanna play!
lentwo ratingone terrible lag.
lentwelve ratingone i'll bump it up  to 5 stars once an update fixes it.
lennine ratingfive super game although still can't find the leaderboard.
lenseven ratingfive superb app i 've ever loved it
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenfourteen ratingfour i only gave it four stars is that my coins disappear without using them.
lennine ratingfive excellent graphics and excellent upadtae from the previous version
lentwo ratingfour awesome game!
lensix ratingfive simple controls and addicting game play
leneight ratingfive incredible idea and quality and the perfect sequel!
lentwelve ratingfive but still missing the leaderboard or a similar platform for score comparison !
lensixteen ratingfive i think it would be cool to have a temple run that would have different levels.
leneleven ratingfive the level would end with you running out of the temple.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i think if you would have a point like in the middle of the run where you get the item that you are running in the temple for would be cool also.
leneighteen ratingfive if the app had a log in to race against other players like random player or facebook friends.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive it is much better than previous version.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfive ratingfour still lags a little tho.
lentwo ratingfive passes time!
lenthree ratingfive great game yo
lenthree ratingfive challenging and fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive i love number 2 the graphics are amazing, good job ( :
lenthirteen ratingfour its 5 star game but giving it 4 coz game has been stuck on level 8.
lenfifteen ratingfour there are 2 same mission of 5 lac coins in which bar is not moving on one.
lennine ratingfour fix this bug n i,ll rate it 5 stars
lensix ratingthree overall the game is very addictive.
lensix ratingthree but it keeps getting stuck/frozen.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennineteen ratingfour i think using the green gems to save myself depletes my coins, and i need 5k to play the mrs.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive gud work imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive extraordinary graphics superb
lenten ratingfive great game nd android app has better graphics thn apple
lenseven ratingfive excellent game better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lensix ratingfive it runs smoothly on my phone!
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is awesome but no more difficult it can played by everyone.
lenfourteen ratingfive but when the person is on train it can be played by someone only
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 made me cant stop playing it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneleven ratingfive its addictive,has new stuff like riding in a mine thing.
lenseven ratingfive better graphics jist wonderful game all around.
lensix ratingfive definately deleted the frist temple run!
lenfour ratingthree love the game but!
lenfive ratingthree it skips on my phone .:-\
lensix ratingone does not work on samsung infuse
lenthirteen ratingfive best game ever i love the way it swivels and turns and junk
lenfour ratingfour love the games improvements.
lenfive ratingfive the most awsome game ever!
lenfive ratingfive ps make a temple run 3!
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game
lenfifteen ratingone though i have competed the 1 million meters objective it still shows the objective as incomplete.
lensix ratingone also 500, 000  coins objective is shown twice.
lentwo ratingfive addicting game
lensixteen ratingfive in the nexus 4, it seems the tilt sensitivity is no where near where it should be.
lenseventeen ratingfive even after tilting almost too much left or right, it barely moves and you feel a "pull"
lenfour ratingfive almost towards the center.
leneleven ratingone i played a lot,but then the app wouldn't open.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
lenfour ratingfive 1000 times better than tr-1.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenten ratingthree the game is great just very choppy on my galaxy s3
lenten ratingone please fix,i cant download it!really want to play.
lenthree ratingone error 498 or 489 occurs
lenfive ratingone i cannot run this app.
lennine ratingone it freezes everytime you open and just sits there.
lenfive ratingone i would apreciate an update
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive great sequel .
lenfortyseven ratingthree i downloaded this a few days ago and it was like the best application ever but then after i upgraded the powerups it became bad the screen kept shaking and the sensitivity is worst and i wanted t t ok him it doesn't let me pls.
lenthree ratingthree help or update!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game ?
lensix ratingfive best game in the meanwhile! :d
lenfive ratingfour good game will play again.
lenfourteen ratingfour much more challenging than the original, partly due to the view and twisting paths.
lennine ratingfour still has all the fun of the original,  though.
leneight ratingfive the first was great, the second is stellar.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour very nice game liked it a lit
lentwo ratingfour super enjoy!
lenseven ratingfour kso d ko mgamit yung double click
lenfive ratingfive the game is just amazing.
lenfourteen ratingfive the graphics are so sick and the feel to the game is so nice
lentwo ratingfive soooooo addicting.
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenten ratingthree i just wish the stats can save to the missions.
lenfourteen ratingthree like my highscore is 500k and i have to do a mission 1/4 mile high club.
lensix ratingfive even more fun than temple run 1
lenfive ratingfour i want solved the problem
lenfive ratingfive best game of the world.
lenseven ratingfive i love the maker of temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfour cool game better than first one but seems don't have quit button.
lensix ratingfour just aking that a lack one
lenfourteen ratingfive its an amazing to pass your time wen u hav nothn else to do.
lennine ratingfive nice graphical interface as something different from its predecessor.
lenfive ratingfive kudos to the development team!
leneight ratingfive awesome graphics and more addictive than the last.
lennine ratingfive temple run can't get any better than this.
lensix ratingone it wont let me play it
lennine ratingfive i really like this game it is really cool
lensix ratingfive this game is sooo much fun!
lensix ratingfive omg is so much more adventurous
lentwelve ratingfive it has improved a lot except for occasional stuck in android phones
lentwo ratingfive totally addicting
lenfourteen ratingfour the gyroscope sensitivity needs to be turned up or give us a sensitivity bar.
lenseven ratingfour other than that the game is fun
leneighteen ratingfour just a bit laggy at certain moments which causes my screen to not respond to touch please fix
lenfifteen ratingfive i've played a few running games and this is the best one by far.
lentwenty ratingfive the great graphics, scenery and the inclusion of different levels makes this version an improvement over the original temple run.
leneight ratingfive i love this game!its ssssssoooooo addicting!:d
lensixteen ratingfive i loved playing temple run cause my husband, son and i try to best eachothers score
lenthirteen ratingfive i cant help myself playing this game.very addicting and lots of fun
lenfive ratingfive except better,with more stuff.
lensix ratingfive top notch graphics, fun to play
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lentwelve ratingone wont start after splash screen fix it please ;(  iam having dell venue
lenfive ratingfive more thrilling than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive need i say more?
lenfourteen ratingfive this game glitches and freezes way too much i keep losing because of it!
lenthirteen ratingfive i can't download it due to some error like error 498 and error 927
lensix ratingthree this is a pretty fun game!
lennine ratingthree a bit more difficult than the first one though.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics, fluid motion.
lensix ratingfive feels like you are indiana jones!
leneleven ratingfive its addicting just like its original and has fun new specs.
lenfour ratingfive gal axy note ll
lenseven ratingfive brilliant graphics, nice terrain, much more addictive.
lenthree ratingfour awesome!like it.
lenfour ratingthree the graphics are amazing.
leneight ratingthree mybeyes started hurting though playing it too much.
leneighteen ratingthree sometimes it seems as if the runner is running faster than it takes for the scenery to load.
lenfourteen ratingthree it's kind of late loading, or is it supposed to be like that?
leneleven ratingthree other than that, it's a great improvement frm the first.
lenfifteen ratingthree can you add some kind of feature where your place is saved when you die.
lenfourteen ratingthree so that you don't have to start all over from the beginning again.
lenthree ratingthree it kinda sux.
lenthree ratingfive so tea great ;)
lenfive ratingfive quite difficult compare last version
lenfive ratingfive this is a fantastic game
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive great game all round
lenthree ratingfive i've bored !
leneleven ratingtwo good game but no exit button, back button does not exit.
lenseven ratingtwo better game than the previous version though.
lenthirtytwo ratingone does not work everytime i try to play it it only loads the ingram sign and then crashes and i have deleted it 2 time and downloaded it 3 time still don't work
lennineteen ratingthree good, but the turning isn't really sensitive enough it doesn't always register you're tilting your phone
lenthirteen ratingfive great game but after you have it for a while it gets glitchy
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this one.
lenfive ratingfive works terrific on my nexus!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the scene, wish there was more gems but other than that love it
lennine ratingone will not open and crashes before the menu screen.
lentwo ratingone samsung infuze 4g.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenseven ratingfive runs smooth on xperia u,nice one
lentwo ratingfive awrsome game
lenfour ratingfive game because its awsome
lennine ratingthree the game looks awesome if i could play it.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i can play for a little while then it starts having major glitches, i can't turn fast, doesn't let me jump, entire glitch of the game causing me to loose.
lenthirteen ratingthree it's horrible, i would love to play it, but i can't.
lenten ratingone can they allow it on virgin mobile/ boost mobile phones?
lenthree ratingfive pretty awesome, smooth.
lenfifteen ratingfive full of adventure. .like me myself's actually doing it for real.well made mangistudio !
lentwo ratingfive tis fun(:
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive lots better than the original!
lenthree ratingfive entertaining and excellent!
lensix ratingfive in this game on the tablet
lenthirty ratingfour the game works very good on my samsung gs3 but the reason why i only gave 4 stars is that, i have 2 same objectives which is the "gold miner", collect 500,000 lifetime coins.
lentwentysix ratingfour one thing i also don't understand is that, if these objectives are the same, why is one near from completing and the other not moving?
lenseven ratingfour fix this and i'll give 5 stars.
lenthree ratingfive really nice game
lenfive ratingfive only better with added features.
lenthirteen ratingtwo shuts down after i click it and sends me to my home screen.
lenfifteen ratingfive fun game addicting but can't pass the objective get to 1,000,000 with no power ups
leneleven ratingfive the sensitivity is lacking kinda in the game could use improvement
lentwelve ratingthree i loved the game till it wouldn't let me play anymore.
lennine ratingthree it gets to the name screen then turns off.
leneighteen ratingthree i don't know of its just my phone or the game glitching, but either way its annoying.
lenthirtyseven ratingone i played the game on other people phone and its really cool but when i play it on my phone it sucks i havent even played it yet :( because it freezes before it even startes please fix!
lentwelve ratingone it won't get past the imangi logo on my samsung infuse.
lenseven ratingone it just sits there and force closes.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfive ratingfive way more exciting than the 1st
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfour on ipod or iphone this game works good,on android it studders alot.
leneleven ratingfive a very cool cooling game .i enjoy to play the game
lenten ratingone starts up and crashes:( really need to fix that please!
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenthirtythree ratingfive i like it but the sensitivity is to low for me i tilt the screen and player doesn't move much i should be able to fix in settings give us this choice
lensixteen ratingfive better visuals, i really like the minecart parts, it's just leaps better than the original.
lensixteen ratingfive its awesome but if you don't know how to play i would play number 1 first
lensix ratingfour i personally dislike the color scheme.
lenfive ratingone wont start up please fix
lenfive ratingfive i love it.great upgrade
leneleven ratingfive luv this game its just as addicting as the first one
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lenseven ratingfive the best game out on the market
lentwelve ratingone it wont work on my phone  so they need to fix it
lentwo ratingfive fun af
lenthree ratingone gayes game every
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive awsome big monkey
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game it is way better than the first one
lenfourteen ratingfour just wish you could get a change in the scenes from time to time.
lennine ratingfour great app, wasted many of hours with this one.
lensix ratingone it wont load plz fix this
lenfour ratingfive i liked this game.
lenthirtyeight ratingone horrible only get credit for only 3 objectives, graphic glitches, randomly flips upside down, no challenge since the guy runs at the same speed, sensitivity way too high, it's addicting but it was never ready for a release!
lentwenty ratingthree relly amaiging game its much better than temper run 1.my frnds loves this game.mujhe to mauka hi ni milta.
lenfive ratingfive it is a rilly fun.
lenseven ratingfive some people say temple run 1 is better.
lenfive ratingfive this is fun and free.
lenfive ratingfour new improvements, i love it.
lensix ratingfive this game is really great update.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lentwenty ratingfive the graphics are realistic and it definitely took the run to a whole new level with all those different obstacles.
leneleven ratingfive they range from the miner carts to broken roads and ziplines!
lenthirtythree ratingone this game downloads but i am not allow to use it.totally sucks it has to be fixed till then it would rate it.please make it work i have a motorola triumph
lentwo ratingfive gud graphics.
lenfifteen ratingfour the changes done in second are really nice & the game run nicelly on my phone .
lenfourteen ratingfour playing is soo fun hope the developers bring some more great stuff like this .
lenthree ratingfive awesome n addicted
leneight ratingfive it's the best game for time pass.
lensix ratingfive work perfectly fine in my galaxy s3.
lenfifteen ratingfive graphics are great and will keep you occupiee for as long as your battery lasts
lenfive ratingfive i love this game maneeeee
lenfour ratingfive betta tan d previous 1
lentwo ratingthree great game.
lentwo ratingthree great graphics.
leneight ratingthree love the new monkey. :d but it laggggggs.
lensix ratingthree but i love the cart part! ? ?
lenfour ratingfive good game very entertating
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i played it once and loved it but just now i went to play it and it goes through the little intro then automaticly shuts down, i tried many times and it didn't work. ):
lentwentythree ratingone mine won't even load up today for some reason its been working now its not loading fix pleaseeee im addicted to it! :))
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingone the game is ok but i cant collect coins
lenthree ratingfive deadly game yo!
lensix ratingone wanna be subway surf no thanks
lenseven ratingone game doesn't want to start up!
lenfourteen ratingone when i download this app i get a notification saying package file is incomplete
lentwenty ratingfour my only complaint is that in the upgrades menu when i scroll through options i can accidentally purchase an upgrade.
leneighteen ratingfour it would be nice if just the button with the price on it is used to buy them.
lenthirty ratingfive i do like this game i just h      ave a few problems with me if u can fix thoughs i will not delete it or instal it off my phone
lenfive ratingfive amazing game.i like this!
leneleven ratingone it wont let me go on it and i tried everything
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive great graphics, great gameplay, and it is very addictive.
lenfour ratingtwo every time i play.
lentwelve ratingtwo i've uninstalled it in attempt to fix this, doesn't help.
lenfive ratingtwo my battery is continuously drained.
lentwelve ratingtwo the missions would be better if we could complete them at random.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfive ratingfive awsum game u rock imangi
lenseven ratingfive this is a great game would recomend.
lenfour ratingfive best game ever bruhhh!
lentwentyfour ratingthree its a lil bit harder than the first but its still glitchy and it keeps closeing on me when i get a high score
lenfifteen ratingtwo seems like it would be really fun, but it glitches too much on my phone.
leneight ratingtwo the glitches make it nearly impossible to play.
lenfour ratingfive very addictive game :d
lenthree ratingfour needs sensitivity setting
lensix ratingfive hey this game is so amazing.
lentwentyfour ratingfive it is so cool in so many ways, i just wish it gave more extra money for more things!:) over all it's great.
lenfour ratingfive fast, really like it.
lentwo ratingfive awesomely fun.
lensix ratingfive very detailed and easy to use.
leneleven ratingfive my breath actually catches when my character plummets off a cliff.
lenfour ratingthree need to improve performance
lenten ratingfive takes to long to download.but great,awesome,good game
leneight ratingfive best game i played in a long time
lenfourteen ratingtwo i really do love this game: it is really fun and i would recommend.
leneighteen ratingtwo however, i am giving it a low review because there are tons of glitches and problems with it.
lenfifteen ratingtwo when i try to use the 'save me' option, the game often shuts down completely.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo i have also fallen right through the ground and died and sometimes when the character gets off of the rope, it goes into high speed and i die.
lenfourteen ratingtwo this all seems to happen a lot but without the glitches it is great!
lenseventeen ratingfive this is a great game.i recommend it to every body.i hope u enjoy this game
lenthirtysix ratingtwo it looked good at first but it is harder to jump turn move etc.  than the first and you cannot change it so if you want to turn left you'll just jump off the cliff '
lenseven ratingone it sucks it doesnt let me play
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lenfive ratingfive works great on my nexus 7 3g
lensix ratingfive great game very addictive lg spectrum 2
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenfour ratingfive better than the original.
lennine ratingfive better than the first way better i like it.
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game
lenfour ratingfive i love the graphics. .
lenthree ratingfive nice soo fun
lenseventeen ratingfive i love this game i have both of the games the first and the 2 so kool nigga
lenthree ratingfive better then original. .
lenfive ratingfive love it very nice upgrade
lenthree ratingfive very great game
lenseven ratingfour more beutiful graphics and getting more addictive.
lenthree ratingfive really excellent game
lenseventeen ratingfive when i played this game in my brothers samsing note i was really  attracted by this game
lenthree ratingfive really awesome game .
lenfour ratingfive nice improvement from version 1.
lenfive ratingfive feels new & lots of fun
lentwentyone ratingthree the character keeps jumping and sliding with out touching the screen, i think the floating touch feature is causing this confusion
lentwelve ratingfive i love tis new sequel.nice graphic and a lot of fun
leneight ratingone i downloaded and uninstalled this game three times.
lennine ratingone never got past the imangi studios page without closing.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive superb graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive upgrading of abilities using gems to last longer gets reset after one run.
lenfour ratingfive most fun game ever
lenseventeen ratingfive a very very nice and addictive game after temple run. .great visuals ausome gameplay and stuunig graphics
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenthree ratingfour very addictive game.
lenseventeen ratingfour i should had given 5 stars but the controls are not as responsive compared to my ios device.
lenthree ratingfive subway surffers uninstalled
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwenty ratingthree i upgrade my boost but there wasn't internet so my coins were deducted but the boost wasn't upgraded.
lenfourteen ratingthree one more thing was that the character died due to lag when i tilt.
lenthree ratingthree lag is bad
lentwo ratingtwo ok types
lentwentythree ratingone i tilt my phone so far it still falls of the bridge need to fix it sensitivity needs to be fixed as well
leneight ratingfive awesone new graphics wit new hurdles and routes.
lenfifteen ratingfive best part now u can start for last location if u earn enough green jems. :-)
lentwenty ratingfive this new app is really challenging, and it has a lot of new revisions from the first released temple run.
lenfive ratingfive works perfectly on my phone. :)
leneight ratingfive epic.the craziest game i have ever played.
lenfour ratingfive one more word unbeatable
lenten ratingfive very addicting n superb game.but .fix the tilting issue.
lenfive ratingfive best running game ever :) :d
lentwo ratingfive great background.
lentwo ratingfive user friendly.
lenfour ratingfive love love this game
leneleven ratingfive awesome game excellent graphics superb game play better than temple run 1 :)
lenthirteen ratingtwo i had great expectations after playin temple run for 2000+ game.i am disappointed!
lenthirteen ratingtwo the tilt doesnt tilt like in tr.you seizures due to the environment.
lenseven ratingtwo tilt virtually doesnt work on curved paths.
lenthirteen ratingtwo you feel the vuy dangerous is running real slow and dragging through environment.
lenten ratingtwo tr2 used 100mb of my ran still the environment doesnt load properly.
lentwentyone ratingtwo and you dont get a sense of control like in tr. its a really inovative concept but gameplay is a dissappointment
lenthree ratingfive great game design.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive love the new look to it
lenthirteen ratingone the game runs better than temple run 1 but the icons are very big.
lenten ratingone whole screen is filled with icons only please fix it.
lentwentyfive ratingthree it works fine on my phone (lg optimus l3) but the graphics is too big, the coin/points bar is enough to cover the whole screen.
lenseven ratingthree i really wanna to play this game.
lenten ratingfive its a awsome game with a big fat guy in!
lenseven ratingfive wat a game.its for good entertainmenting
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive still a great game ut not the best on templw of run series.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lennine ratingfive how come it doesnt let me download this app?
lentwo ratingfive amazing graphics :)
lenthree ratingfour i lose after1 min
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lensix ratingfive i never bored with this game
lenseven ratingfive great addicting game can play for hours.
lensix ratingfive amazing n just addicted to it.
lenthirteen ratingfour i've been waiting for so long time and it finally came out.
lentwenty ratingfour the game runs perfect on my galaxy nexus using 'better' visual quality, and 'best' on my gf's galaxy siii.
lentwentyeight ratingfour but there's an issue that if i receive a phone call during the game, hang off and return, the game will restart and lost my previous progress.
lentwelve ratingfour i'll rate it 5 stars as soon as this issue is fixed.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 rocks biaach!
lenthirtyone ratingfive this game is so awesome,i love the flow and the new upgrades that temple run 2 has to offer.if you want good advice, my advice is to get this game!
leneighteen ratingfour would have rated it full if they had given option to switch to manual lanes and sensor one.
lenten ratingfour i mean how character movies in subway surfer like that.
lentwenty ratingfour coz you can play those games in any position and not have to stand or sit straight to play game.
lenfive ratingone app crash on motorola defy +
lenfourteen ratingone hey i would love to rate this game a 5 bt can't play it .
leneighteen ratingfour everything is enjoyable but even with in game sound controls at a minimum i can still hear running.
lensix ratingfour not a deal breaker just annoying.
lenseven ratingfive just cant resist playing again and again.
lenthirtyseven ratingthree the game i great but the only itch which keeps me irritating is that the game crashes whenever i resurrect using gems and the bad thing is the gems are consumed but the game progress is lost.
lentwentytwo ratingthree once i ran 20k metres and collected over 10k coins and resurrected using 6 gems,  the game crashed all 6 gems lost and even the 10k coins.
lennine ratingthree the illusion or graphics created for collecting gems worst
leneight ratingfive it is far more better than temple run 1
lensix ratingfive even better than temple run brave.
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run ever.
lentwo ratingfive epic game.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it's more challenging than the last one was by quite a margin and it offers new ways to play the game.
lentwentysix ratingfive i was also impressed by the level up system and the achievement system that awards certain things that to would normally be rewarded in other games.
lensixteen ratingfive the functionality was also improved and it was given much more flexibility as a game itself.
lensix ratingfive downsides: it did tend glitch up.
lentwentyone ratingfive it already did it 5 times since i downloaded it a day ago so that's the downside, but a manageable downside.
lenfive ratingfive will spend days on this!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfour ratingfive it's soooo awesome!
lentwentyfour ratingfive this has got to be one of the best games its too bad temple run brave is 1$ because i would like to get it
lenten ratingfive this is better than the previous one :) keep it up!
lenfifteen ratingfive awesome game feel it play it got a desire to prove yourself then go on
lenfour ratingthree better graphic and gameplay.
lentwelve ratingfour this game is awesome and so addictive because of its new features.
lenseventeen ratingfour but, there are times that when i am about to use the save me, it force closes.
lenthirtyone ratingfour i remember my score was at 2.8m then i fell from the bridge, i use the gem to save me, but when i used it, the game stopped then force closes.
lenthirteen ratingfour it doesnt happen all the time but it happens most of the time.
lenfive ratingfour this game is almost perfect.
lensix ratingfive nice concept than the previous version!
lennine ratingfour this is a fun and addicting game very good
leneight ratingfive put this game  on black berry app store!
leneight ratingfour i really don't like the mine cart.
leneight ratingfive just n awsum game wid graphics more clear.
lenfourteen ratingfive the best sequel to a game i have ever played on the android os.
lensixteen ratingfive new dangers and amazing new graphics with nothing removed that made the first version a classic.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenfive ratingfive looks sooooooo good on my s3.
lentwelve ratingfive can't wait to play it on my nexus 7 when it arrives!
lenfive ratingfive this game is freaking awesome!
lenfour ratingfive i like the graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour i given four stars to this game because it crashes on sony xperia
lennine ratingfive this is my most favorite game on this phone!
lentwo ratingfive omg awsome
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so a some i play it on my friends ipads
lenfour ratingfour pls change path color.
lenseven ratingfour path and coins have almost similar color
lenfour ratingthree nice graphics better than 1.
lenfour ratingthree it lags a bit!
lentwo ratingfive awesome application.
lensixteen ratingfive i like this game it so great and a lot of features than the firsy one.
leneight ratingfour lags a little on my htc one x+
lentwo ratingone wont play -_-
lentwo ratingfive classic game
lenthree ratingfive mind blowing game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lensix ratingfive and definently better then temple run 1
lenfive ratingfive awesome designing of the game.
leneleven ratingfive i seriously love this game.my brother get addicted  tobthis game.<3<3<3<3<3
lentwo ratingfive amazing effects.
lennine ratingfive far better in gameplay and graphics than its predecessor.
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it!
lentwelve ratingfive but i think the first tr was more responsive than this secuel.
lenten ratingfive this temple run is wayyyy, better than the first one.
lenseven ratingfive i'll recommended to all my friends.
lensix ratingtwo doesnt really bring the magic back
lensix ratingfive very good graphics.and easy also
lensixteen ratingfive a very good game, once you get into it its hard to put it down, excellent
lenfiftysix ratingthree this problem was there.in temple run 1.sudden microsecond pause before a turn or trap after 1-1.5 km run.then you can not stay live.it is still there.may be in lesser time.but it is there.you can not servive the tric/ chit of the game.only 3 star.i can not help those irritating conditions.
lenfifteen ratingone doesn't seem to fit my screen its crap u shud maybs stik 2 de 1st one
lenten ratingfive definitely beats the first version, love temple run 2 so much
lenfour ratingfive good game nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseventeen ratingthree super game best than part 1 and is tougher to play and keep going on temple run rockzzzz.
lenfifteen ratingfive by far one of the best games on the market for both android and ios.
leneight ratingfive cant wait for updates or the next one :)
lenthree ratingtwo love temple run.
lenfour ratingtwo this one looks great.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game .
lentwo ratingfive fabulously fun
lentwelve ratingfive the first temple run had set a high bar for the squels!
leneight ratingfive and this has set a even higher bar!
lenfifteen ratingone it installed successfully, however it never opens, gets to the first page and closes out.
lentwentytwo ratingone i love the first temple run game and was excited for this, now i'm disappointed that i can't play it.
lensix ratingfive i realky love this game excellent!
leneleven ratingfive wow.excellent game.i love it.i will give u 5 rate
leneight ratingfour during game play game is being hanged frequently
lenseven ratingfive mine most playable games in my phone.
lensix ratingfive i just can't stops playing
leneight ratingfive best game ever had .i just luv it.
lensix ratingfour seems more engrossing than 1 for sure.
leneight ratingfour waiting to see what they do  with 3rd version
lenfive ratingfive love this game very much
leneighteen ratingthree really fun game, just the graphics look so realistic its distracting and its just too much going on.
lenthree ratingthree sort of annoying.
lentwenty ratingthree the original temple run is simple and i like that one better not a lot of distractions like this one.
leneight ratingfive no longer unreasonably impossible like the previous one.
lenten ratingthree great but graphics are not as good as first one
lenfive ratingfive wonderful version of temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive hatsss off to the brilliant game?
lenfive ratingfive u eill enjoy playing it!
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 is simply awesome :-)
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive smooth and vivid graphics
lennine ratingfour better thn first definately but must be more fluid.
lennine ratingfour waitin for an update to remove a lil slugginess.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive nice nice
lentwentyone ratingfive i enjoyed previous one.and after playing this one .no doubt the best running game on play store. .love playing it.
lenseven ratingfive new graphics are better than previous game
lenseven ratingfour would give 5 but is laggy my dvice
lenten ratingfive it is awsam it is totally changed and nice updates
leneleven ratingfive if u want the first class ticket  to awesome do this
lenseven ratingfive temple run just got bigger nd better
lenthree ratingfive awesome game play.!
lenseven ratingone it wont go past the first grpahic.
lensixteen ratingone it freezes right when i open it and then sends me back to my home screen?
lensix ratingone ive already uninstalled and installed twice.
lenthree ratingfive 5 star as usual
leneight ratingfive this game is excellent, very fun and addictive.
lensix ratingfive massive improvement on the first one.
lenfour ratingfive great have all round!
lensix ratingfive a  very good game to play
leneleven ratingfive its better than last one my phone can easily operate this
lensix ratingfive nice game better frm first one
leneight ratingone where is option for regulating sensitivity for tilt. ?
lensix ratingone help in changing senstivity n get 5
lensixteen ratingfive it's awesome but i just wish we could go on that mining thing more quickly:-)
lenfour ratingfour nice development expecting more.
lenseven ratingone the game would not load at all.
lennine ratingone main screen comes on but then it cuts off
lenten ratingfive its really amazing as compared 2 temple run 1 graphics are good.
lennineteen ratingfive it very challenging and has a good graphic very awesome hope there wil be more perfect in temple run 3
leneight ratingthree nice game but gets boring after a while!
lenfour ratingfive a total time killer!
leneight ratingfive gets you addicted as soon as you play!
lenfifteen ratingtwo great game but inconsistently crashes when i select to use a gem to 'save me' .
lentwelve ratingtwo not a big deal unless you just cracked a 5.2 million high score.
leneight ratingfive better graphics and gameplay than the earlier one
lenfourteen ratingfive wow, great graphics ,runs smoothly and really fun, great way to pass the time.
lenseven ratingfour more adventure n challenging moments in gameplay.
lenfive ratingfive i love this new game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and new challenges.
lenfour ratingfive great game to play.
lenthree ratingfive an awesme game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwelve ratingfour awesome but still getting these lags and it resets all data automatically.
leneleven ratingfive hands down the best game i've ever played via mobile.
lenseven ratingfive el juego est│ genial mejor k el anterior
lenfour ratingfive best game ever played.
lensixtyfive ratingfour awesome game and great graphics.but the volume functions are not working fine.i am unable to play the game without sound which need to be fixed and also it's little bit hard to make side turns in this part which are quite smooth in temple run's previous part.well overall a great game.love playing it.just some bugs need to fixed
lenfive ratingfour wish to have more gems
lentwentyone ratingone i know this game is great but please fix it because it says package file is invalid.i really wanna play.
lensix ratingthree nice game but lags like crazy
lensixteen ratingfive when boost is ends up at the same time you are about to ride the train.
leneight ratingfive speed is always fast, same as boost speed.
lenfive ratingfive is that a normal behavior?
lenfour ratingfive although it rarely happens
lennine ratingfive loved temple run 2!, special feature is the "save me" !
leneight ratingfive very very entertaining nd indulges you for hours! ;-):-*
lenfive ratingtwo quite boring after some time
lenfortytwo ratingthree game is good but many problems.tilt is not proper and the power-ups so appear are so small to b captured and needs too accurate timing.please fix ol dese if want to make it hot favorite like your first project
lentwentytwo ratingthree i was absolutely addicted to temple run and then temple run 'brave' both extremely easy to play, very fluid and highly addictive.
lentwenty ratingthree so when i saw in the paper that the app of the week was temple run 2 i immediately downloaded it.
lentwentyseven ratingthree to my huge disappointment i just can't get used to the new game as it feels so less responsive and fluid that the two aforementioned versions.
lenthirteen ratingthree even think the menus don't look as good as the old ones.
lentwelve ratingthree it's not terrible but it could be a whole lot better.
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lensix ratingfive i sooo love the new atmo.
lenseventeen ratingone when i downloaded this game.it was there in the abilities section.and now its gone.wtf ?
lenthirteen ratingone the game is fun, but i have an issue its freeze a lot!
lensixteen ratingone and i have to do force reset to my phone i have rom cm9 4.0.4 galaxy s2 plz help.
lenthirteen ratingthree this version is not stable for jelly bean devices as it lags frequently.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive needs lots of bug fixes.
lenfourteen ratingfive what a great game made the new thing i like is the bigger monkey
lenthirtytwo ratingone i downloading this game after playing on ipad and it won't work on my phone, i open it and it stays on the screen with the logo and then force closes.
leneight ratingfive super nice game!graphics and animation the best!
lenseven ratingfour it makes my phone lag a bit.
lensix ratingfive i cant put my tab down
lensix ratingfive no way else to describe it.
leneight ratingfive at times it gets stuck , plz fix it!
leneleven ratingfive it takes lots of concentration to get far in this game!
lenthirtynine ratingfour this is a great game , best game ever actually but it do freeze up which causes me to do so i am left unable to finish objectives and i am unable to level so plz fix the freeze up .
lensix ratingtwo i can tilt and collect coins.
lenfive ratingtwo the motion sensor doesnt work.
lenfour ratingtwo evrythng els is fyn.
leneleven ratingtwo oly thng is i cnt move frm one side to another.
lenfour ratingfour worth installing this game.
lenthree ratingfive heart touching game
lensix ratingfour nice new graphics than last one
lenfive ratingfive awsome game.jst love it.
lentwentyfour ratingthree pretty awsome game,but the reason y i'm giving only 3 stars is because it didn't have enough characters to choose from,sooooo.
lenthree ratingthree little improvement please
lennine ratingfive best endless runner on the market, and its free.
lenthirteen ratingfive this and jetpack joyride are the only games i need on my tablet.
lensix ratingfive just like mcd im loving this!
lenseventeen ratingfour fun game but, why do you lose yourpoints after it accumulate if you don't use it?
lensix ratingfour it won't go past 3000 points.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i bought some pack of gems and coins and am yet to see them please imangi, kindly resolve the issue .thank you .
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics!
lentwo ratingfive nice graphic.
lentwo ratingfour nice timepass
lenfive ratingfive really good game ,,,beautiful graphics ,,,,
lentwo ratingfive goog game
lentwo ratingfive incredibly awesome
lensix ratingfive best running game of all time.
lentwentyseven ratingfour good but can be improved for 5 stars sometimes goes the wrong way when u swipe another way and annoying how it takes a few seconds to turn.
lentwentysix ratingone problems opening, absolutely wont run, would like to play just can't. loads the imangi studios logo and then fails and boots me from the app.
lenseventeen ratingfive the game is very good i like the game its graphics is very good i like it.
lenthree ratingfive ganda ng effects!
lenten ratingfive super fun game been waiting for v2 for a while now!
lenseventeen ratingone wont go silent even when i turn the volume all the way down for sound and music.
leneight ratingfive i tottally enjoy this game whenever im bored.
lentwentythree ratingthree would be 5 stars but i have found an occasional glitch where your running speed after using your boost doesnt slow back down again.
lenfour ratingthree results in iminant death.
lenten ratingfive all the moves i wished the temple run ro have.! :) :)
leneight ratingfive este cel mai bun joc:dluati cu incredere!
lenfive ratingfour the sequel keeps us engrossed!
lenseventeen ratingfour reason i gave 4 star is cz i want the developera to make ths game even mre adventurous.
lensix ratingfour otherwise its a 5star game no doubt.
lenfour ratingfive best game on android.
lensix ratingthree buy it can be still improved
lennine ratingfive really justifies ti be second edition if temple run
lennine ratingfive it's amazing just as gud as the last
lentwo ratingfive osm game.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game but eats up the ram
lenfive ratingfour i very like this game.
leneighteen ratingfive this is one of the  best game i have ever played there was temple run 1 and now this! !
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive r wmple tun
lentwo ratingfive awesomely addictive.
lenfive ratingone galaxy s duos .that showes "
lenthree ratingone package file invalid "
lenten ratingone i recommend to don't download it in any samsung.
lentwo ratingfive asm game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lennine ratingfive hope the issue of back button is fixed soon.
lensixteen ratingthree i enjoy the new features but the controls feel wierd and i prefer the old one.
lenfive ratingtwo my tilting keeps on stoping.
lentwenty ratingfive u guys put in new power up but if u could hop off the rope yourself it would be cool.
leneleven ratingtwo it randomly deletes coins that i get on the xperia play
lentwo ratingfive darn addictive!
lensix ratingone the game won't even open.
lenten ratingone i get to the "i" screen and it force closes.
leneleven ratingfour and logs me back to home screen please fix the bugs
lenfour ratingfive fun game, highly recommend
lensix ratingfive nicer than the first temple run
lenseven ratingfive amazing game.nice graphics on my note-2
lenfive ratingfive good app given great effect,. .
lenfour ratingone this game is bullshit.
lentwelve ratingone everytime i click on it it jumps back too my home screen!
lenfive ratingfive its better than temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive an excellent sequel to an excellent game!
lensix ratingfive it's even more addictive now.
lenfour ratingfour my favorite past time.
lenfour ratingfour while taking a dump.
lenthree ratingfour really hooking game.
lensix ratingfour much better than the previous version.
lenfour ratingfour awesome graphics and visuals.
lentwentyfour ratingthree the boost on zip line bug killed me 3 times in a run, and i have 2 duplicate objectives - 1m lifetime metres, one of which doesnt update.
lenseven ratingthree now i have two 500k lifetime coins achievements.
leneight ratingfive better and smooth than the 1st one, more fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive improved on a lot, would be cool if the made unlockable charecters have unique powerups
lenthirteen ratingfour to go one up on the original temple run is definitely an achievement.
lenfive ratingfour superb game and excellent graphics.
leneighteen ratingfour the reason for the missing star is that it lags a bit on my device, particularly for tilt.
lenfive ratingfive i could play all day.
lenfive ratingfive i freaking love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive wow one of the best game i have ever played on my galaxy s3.
lenfive ratingfive harder and fun than v.1
lensix ratingthree it made me dizzy when playing.
lenseven ratingthree some people that wear glasses are dizzy.
lenfour ratingfive nice game excellent graphics
lentwentythree ratingthree i found the game addicting and enjoyful to play, but it lags like crazy and is almost impossible to play with the lag.
leneleven ratingthree fix the lag and the app will for sure be 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive lovee ittt
lenseven ratingfour please add a senstivity option in settings.
lensix ratingfour but else it is good game.
lenfive ratingfour nice graphics, sound effects etc.
lenseven ratingfive awesome and cool game best free game .
lentwelve ratingfive good job guysss good luck and create another superb awesome gamesssss everrrrrrr
lensix ratingone im running a tegra 3 1.5 ghz phone!
lenthirteen ratingone for god's sake that lag can't be due to the phone.
lenfour ratingone this is poor design.
lenten ratingtwo temple run error he cannot go to left or right
lenten ratingfour please keep a option of sharing the score on facebook.!
leneight ratingfour otherwise the best game on play store ;d
lenfive ratingfive very nice game play, graphics.
lennine ratingfive the game is awesome runs great looks great to.
lenfour ratingtwo package file is invalid !
lenseven ratingtwo unable to install :-(  pls check n fix
lenseven ratingfour i originally installed this from google play.
lenseven ratingfour the amazon app store wanted to "update"
lenthirteen ratingfour it lost back button close capability, and lost all my progress since release.
leneight ratingfour thank god i didnt buy anything for this!
lensixteen ratingfour this really needs a sensitivity slider for the galaxy s3.tilting requires too much of a tilt.
leneight ratingfive same idea as temple run  1 but much better!
lentwo ratingfive exelent game
leneighteen ratingfour better graphics, but slow response while tilting, u cant jump while running on higher side of the path.
lenfive ratingfour one update is needed actually.
leneight ratingfive no glitches, no bugs, no lag, awesome game!
lenthirty ratingone this game is rubbish temple run is better than 2 that is why i give it one star i am going to uninstall it & never play temple run 2 again very disappointed
lentwo ratingfour goog game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwo ratingfour fun play.
lenfifteen ratingfour but it's sometime hard to get a clear view i mean it becomes tricky
lenthirteen ratingfour i love this game the on thing wrong is that it keeps freezing .
lenfourteen ratingfour great game but after a couple of run it slows down on gs advance.
lennine ratingfive i love this one better than the first one
lenfive ratingone force closes for the sidekick 4g.
leneight ratingtwo force closes many times when i am playing.
leneight ratingfive d previous game has no compression wth dis 1!
lenfive ratingfive fr mre better aewsme graphics!
lentwentyone ratingfour whenever i get the sprint token sometimes it makes me sprint that fast even whenever the powerup is gone, realy annoying.
lensix ratingfour gud improvements from d previous installment.
lenthree ratingfive is completely amazing!
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addictive!
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingone it wont even open on my mobile!
lenten ratingfive love the new game it's a bit more challenging
leneleven ratingthree its copied little from panda run and railrush but its stunning
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game but for androids it gets glitchie n you die.
lennine ratingfive that sucks when your on a million or over.
lensix ratingfive very fun and time killer game
leneleven ratingfive awesome game easy to play better than part 1 hats off:p
lenthree ratingfive couldn't fault
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lensix ratingone temple run 1 & 2 for the android sucks !
lenfour ratingone it freezes  frequently & glitches.
lenten ratingone you cant even get 1000 or 10000 thats how bad it is.
leneighteen ratingone it's better on ios (apple devices).unless they get an update buh as of now 1/30/13 its terrible .
lenfifteen ratingone if you want to get it go ahead buh thats my review & experience with it.
lenfortyseven ratingfour while getting boost and then again boost from power ups it sometimes it doesn't want to stop and its over, and the power ups that show erevry once a while show in bad spots like if you take them you will fall in to the hole.
lensix ratingfive it works great on my phone.
lenthirteen ratingfive recommend to play on dual core processor devices for smoother and optimum performance.
lenthree ratingfive i ma hbfn
lenfive ratingfive much better dan d original.
lenfour ratingfive few updates bcum succesful.
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics of temple run2 is way ahead of temple run1.the look and feel of the game is way ahead.
lentwo ratingfour nice graphics
lenthree ratingfive nice game dude
lenfourteen ratingfour forces closes when use save me  other than that  it's just perfect  < addicted
lentwentyfour ratingone if i could open the game i would say something much better about it, but for now i only see the imangi studios picture.
lentwo ratingfive excelente juego
lentwo ratingfive more adventurous. .
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensix ratingfive escaping giant monkey, escaping your stess!
leneight ratingfive this game is addicting, thrilling with beautiful graphic.
lentwo ratingfour amazing game.
lenthree ratingfive simply love it!
leneleven ratingfive it's so smooth when you slide or jump the person!
lentwentyfour ratingfive it is undoubtly the most enthusiastic and thrilling game i have ever played.astonishing graphics and more importantly no real glitch like the version 1.
lenten ratingfive best free game on play store, although needs for sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingfive i have also played temple run but it's much better than that.
lenten ratingfive great graphics - great gameplay . .keep up the good work guys.
lentwentyfour ratingfour good time passer, but it crashes every now and than once i die and apparently it's not saving my scores when it crashes.
lenfour ratingfive thanks it is great
lenthirtyseven ratingfive i would rate this game to 5 star , great graphics used , new character used  , easy to shop ,  more exciting to play , m playing dis 24x7 , feeling like playing 3d pc game , awesome , superb , wonderful., fabulous game i have ever played
leneleven ratingfive cool game i like it much more than the first one!
lentwelve ratingfive the game is as good if not better than the first one
leneight ratingfive i can not stop playing this great game.
lennine ratingfive it is so muvh btter than the first one.
lenseventeen ratingfive wow .i don't get bored.because of playing and playing this newly released app "temple run 2"
leneight ratingone this game will not play on my phone!
lenthirteen ratingone it will stake me to my home page when it tries to load!
lenfive ratingfive one of the finest game.
lenfive ratingfive i love this app, but.
lennine ratingfive say, you're playing and you receive a call.
lenthirteen ratingfive after you hang up (even 10 seconds later) and try to resume the app.
lenseventeen ratingfive you see the app has been unloaded, and is now booting again (bye bye your awesome score).
lenfifteen ratingfive same happens if you want to pause the run and resume a few minutes later.
lensixteen ratingfive you can't. you re-open the app, just to be welcomed by the boot screen.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive background process limit is 4 (maximum), so the phone can't be blamed for not being able to handle memory (1gb of ram, out of which at least 300 mb are free at all times).
lenthirteen ratingthree graphics are amazing but have to get use to newness of it all.
lensixteen ratingone spent hours on this game, unlocked achievements and characters, and suddenly all gone on its own!
lenthirtytwo ratingthree there was this time that my phone is lagging, then when i jumped on the first zip line and there was this crazy bug that let me zip line without zip line .
lenseven ratingthree and my score went too high (approximately 20000000).
leneleven ratingthree but in the end i got caught by the giant monkey .
lentwenty ratingthree the other bug is the doubled objective, i first heard of it from my friend then afterwards i experienced it .
lenfour ratingthree the goal is "100,000 lifetime."
lentwelve ratingthree i hope you can fix it, and its really a good game
lenfour ratingfive good game very nice
lenseven ratingfour keeps freezing and now it wont  work:-(
lenfourteen ratingthree like it but to many glitch's. you can't play the whole game
lentwenty ratingfive i'm so excited about this new version of tr but when im trying to dwnload it, it wont work.
leneighteen ratingfive please fix d prblem or will someone tell me wht to do to dwnload it to my sgs2.┨ thanx
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lentwelve ratingfive glitches every once in a while, but besides that it's great!
lenfifteen ratingfive very nice i like it, plz make a temple run 3 please, will be much fun
lenfive ratingfive superb,wonderful,awesomatic :o :d
lentwentyone ratingthree the game when i open it it closs by itself could u pease update it to see if bug goes away
lenthree ratingfive very cool game
lentwelve ratingfive yep. .the perfect update of temple run.a lot of new fun.
lenfive ratingfive i'm enjoying the game!:)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenfifty ratingthree - many bugs - no ressurection wing like ussual, so if you already purchase all items,u just can buy headstarts - less character - reach lv9 from 8 is very difficult due to coins is very difficult to earn(not like temple run 1 have double coins on magnet) and force us to do 10million lifetime meters
lentwo ratingfour awesome graphics!
lentwo ratingfour lotta fun
lensix ratingthree good game but lags a lot
lentwelve ratingfive this game is so fun it is almost better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive nice game bro
leneleven ratingthree crashes whenever i got save me on a high scoring game.
lentwenty ratingone falling off the edge due to lag is unacceptable, maybe i'll check out temple run 3 maybe i won't .
leneighteen ratingfive this game's too difficult to control maybe my galaxy will crash if i play this game againn.
leneleven ratingfour only thing is the challange gone when run the same forever.
lenfive ratingfour need mission or change route.
lenfive ratingfive was waiting for this badly!
lensix ratingfour tilt sensitivity settings are missing though.
lensix ratingfour it would be a welcome addition.
lensix ratingfour i love the graphics, great game!
lentwentyone ratingfour if already activated ,collecting another power up of the same type doesn't renew the duration for which its effect lasts.
leneighteen ratingfour eg. two coin magnets picked up in a row last for the same time as the first one.
lensix ratingfour and their duration isn't extended!
lensix ratingfour otherwise awesome game on my gnex!
lenfourteen ratingfive but its a copy of rail rush and rope escape combined with temple run
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever
lenthirteen ratingfive i really love dis game n its better den previous version good job
lennine ratingfour but it has little freezes and makes you die!
lenfour ratingfour the game is fun!
lentwentythree ratingfour but i like to turn the sounds off on my games but this one therebis always the sound of the monster behind you,
lentwentytwo ratingfive amazing graphics better than tample run 1 and not so good as temple run 1 to play.i think temple run 1 is good than 2 .
lensix ratingfive awesome game good job game makers!
leneight ratingfive mighty fine game, even better than the first!
lenthirteen ratingfive only con is its way too addictive :) runs super smooth on samsung galaxy s3.
lenthirteen ratingfive som people come on download make it the most downloaded game in history.
lenfour ratingthree it didnt work properly .
lenthirteen ratingthree when i move the phone left or right nothing happens with the game
lentwo ratingfive nice imangi!
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics are a alot better and its more challenging than the first one but still alot of fun
lentwentyone ratingfour i will give 5 stars if the  game is not so laggy.this caused me faced  some problem when playing the game .
lensix ratingfive good job on a great sequel
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game is so fun i play it more than the regular temple run .and i got it last week i  hope for temple run 3.
lenthree ratingfive sincerely , lyric hagley
lensixteen ratingtwo i would have gave you 5 stars but i'm annoyed because all my coins keeps dispearing
lenfifteen ratingfive a very nice and addictive game i wid recommend it and gladly give it 5 stars
lensix ratingfive the game is fun and addicting.
lenseventeen ratingfive i always try out the number one apps and i see why this one is up there!
lentwentysix ratingfour i would give it a 5 star if they added morr powerups because all the powerups are just the same as the last one besides one shield.
lensix ratingfour update and add more stuff please.
lenten ratingone the game won't ope, on my samsung galaxy player.
lenfifteen ratingone i tried deleting it and down loading it again but it still doesn't work.
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever
lenthree ratingfive no exit button?
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game.
lensix ratingthree 4verete.game.now in hd graphics.yea.
lenthree ratingfive thz temle run.
lenfour ratingfive u save my life
lenten ratingfour is an improvement from the old temple run,  aint dissapointed.
lensix ratingfive what a simple and terrific game
lenthirtysix ratingfour great game, but sometimes it's hard to tilt the screen fast enough to avoid falling off a cliff, or to turn the cart enough, but that's really all i can see wrong with it.
lenfour ratingfour still worth playing though.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lenfour ratingfive i love playing it.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is a really great game but it took forever just to download.
lenten ratingfive nice game with nice graphics pro better than previous run
lentwentyone ratingfour it's nice game but it is automatically closed while am playing in my sonyericson xperia arc s. please fix it
lenseven ratingfive this game much better than temple run 1!
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenfour ratingfive gr8 game and amazing graphics
lenseven ratingtwo pls fix.and its soo hard too
lenfive ratingfive awesome game .i like it ,
lensix ratingfive very addictive you will love it!
lenfour ratingfour nice game love it
lennine ratingfour no doubts, its the awesome game of the month.
lenfour ratingfour its more challenging & beautiful.
lennineteen ratingfour i just wish in the next update devs would fix the lag & a bit left-right tilt motion senstivity.
lenthirteen ratingfour after 20-25min of gameplay its starts lagging due to which we end up dieinp.
lenthirtyone ratingfour also right-left tilting motion is still bit hard, i have to tilt my phone extremely to move my character on left/right side while running straight trying to avoid traps.
lentwelve ratingfour other than this its the best & must have game for the android.
leneighteen ratingthree this is a very fun and addicting game but needs an update because it is glitching a lot
leneight ratingfive very very very very cool interesting awesome game
lenseven ratingtwo good game better than the first one
leneleven ratingfive better than part one but still not better than subway surfers.
lenfive ratingone wony work plz help          s
lentwentyeight ratingtwo looks like an amazing game but cant play cus the scoring thing takes up all the space and i cant click on the menu cus it justs resumes.
lenseven ratingtwo i cant even get through the tutorial!
leneleven ratingtwo tried it on other tablets/phones and looks great. : ( : ( : ( lg optimus l3
leneleven ratingfive oh yes, the makers of this game finally got it right.
leneleven ratingfive this is so much better than the first temple run game.
lenthirteen ratingfive it has everything, graphics, adventure and that huge ugly beast chasing after you.
lenthree ratingfive highly recommend it.
lennineteen ratingfour i am level 8 and really close to level 9, however the objectives i have now are objectives i already completed.
lensix ratingfour i have the "1 million  lifetime coin"
leneight ratingfour objective twom times and the "1 million lifetime meters"
lentwentysix ratingfour i did both of those already and i can't progress on them now, even when i score over 20 million, nothing happens to the yellow bars.
leneleven ratingone how come i couldn't download temple run 2 in my tablet?
lensix ratingthree great game but needs an update.
lentwelve ratingthree glitches when you try to use a diamond and exits out game.
lensix ratingthree doesn't save your previous game.
lentwo ratingthree goog apps
lensix ratingfive there is nothing like this game
lentwentytwo ratingone i have a samsung infuse and i cannot play the game.no matter how many times i try to get on there.
lenthree ratingone i wanna play!
lenfive ratingfour its anice n addictable game
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the first version.
lentwelve ratingfive it is challenging and the bonus round through the mine is great.
lenseven ratingfive sooo love this version of the game.
lenfive ratingfive and like the different levels.
lenthree ratingthree love playing it.
leneight ratingthree but, it keeps on hanging in my xperia.
leneight ratingthree made me lost the game so many times.
lenseventeen ratingone my android phone can't play the game when i open the app,  it exists me out!
lensix ratingfive smooth game play and great graphics.
lenten ratingfive better than the first one and working fine and smoothly.
lentwentyone ratingone wont let use the app it doesnt work on galaxy s 4g it just freezes on the title screen please fix this
lentwentytwo ratingthree i will get a lot of points then there all gone and they don't even turn into diamonds please please fix
lenseven ratingfive its realy nice game i like it.
lentwo ratingfive greeat lol
lenfive ratingfive vry gud play and timepass
lensix ratingthree the game is good and addictive.
lenseven ratingthree but i can't accumulate the coins.
lenfour ratingfive love it goid features
lennine ratingfive they are saying to me error but good game
lennineteen ratingone this game can't load plz fix this and then i'll rate it back up to a five
lentwenty ratingthree when u get into the game its like the game isnt  catching up with u and it messes u up.
lenthree ratingthree glitching and stuff.
lenthree ratingfive make temple run 3!
lenfourteen ratingfive totally love the new temple run it's more up to date and fun
lenfifteen ratingfive this game just rocks  superb graphics no glitches easy to use shop  and better objectives
lenten ratingfive great game just a degraded graphics.but nevertheless everythings cool.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingfive love the new version of temple run.
lenseven ratingfive was gettting kinda bored with the original.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are amazing!
lensixtythree ratingthree my kids and i love this new version, but it lags so bad we die alot and when the monster is close and you jump it jumps to and blocks your view.would be 5 stars if we didn't have to start game over so much because of lag and also ledges come up too quick and you can't tilt fast enough.
lensix ratingfive love it better than temple run
leneight ratingfive truly amazing n more fun than i thought
lentwelve ratingthree one thing i noticed is that the sensitivity control has been removed .
lenseven ratingthree and the game play isnt smooth enough .
leneight ratingthree kindly solve these issues in the next update .
lentwentyeight ratingthree when the monkey comes , it blocks most of the view ahead .and sometimes when boast ends up , you continue running with same speed and eventually end up falling .
lenfour ratingthree increase draw distance pls.
lenseven ratingthree i have two same objectives at level 8 .
lenfourteen ratingfour it a combination of the rail rush and temple run part-1 and sticky rope.
lentwentytwo ratingfive much better than the first with amazing graphics only thing is that tilt sensitivity could be a little better otherwise great game
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game!
lenfifteen ratingfive works perfect on my s3 and it actually feels like a good sequel, good job guys
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive a good upgrade from previous version.
lenfour ratingfive harder gameplay but   interesting.
lenten ratingfive better than the first more unteractive environment and better graphics
lensix ratingfive good than first part.exlent graphics.:-)
lenfive ratingfive user interface is very good!
lennine ratingfive game stats n objective are very clear n inspiring.
lenfive ratingfive in short a must download.
lenfive ratingthree jump does not always respond.
lenten ratingthree tilt needs to be more than usual to take effect.
lentwo ratingfive awesome experience
lenseventeen ratingtwo there is no variation in background colours and path is too narrow.morever it is somewhat hard
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!.
lenfifteen ratingfive it has great power ups and i like that it has other characters to unlock.
lenten ratingfive i also like the mine cart parts of the game.
lenseven ratingfive i would recommend this game to others.
leneight ratingone i was highly excited when this was released.
lentwentytwo ratingone i have downloaded this on my lg optimus 3d however when i launch it freazes on the loading screen and does not work
lennine ratingfive thank so , much for this new fantasti c game :);););););):);)
lentwentyone ratingfive at the moment my finger is sticky so it's hard to play but it's 100% better than temple run! :d
lenthree ratingfive very nice game!
lenfour ratingfive excellent game ever year.
lentwelve ratingfive love the new graphics  please add social networking support like subway surfer
leneleven ratingfive better than the previous one must be downloaded by game lovers
lenthirteen ratingfive good graphic, more features than the first one, easy and fun to play
lenfour ratingfour this game is amazing!
lentwentynine ratingfour but i have found that there is a few lag issues on the nexus 4.the scenery of the game takes a little time to load up.please fix this.
lentwelve ratingfour other than that you have made huge improvement's to the game.
lenfour ratingfour i absolutely love it!
lenseven ratingfour this game is too gay  for 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive realy it is awesome
lentwo ratingfive ossum game.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
leneight ratingfour only lags for me when music is on.
leneight ratingfive i wish it had a motion sensitivity setting
lenten ratingfour loved the graphics.but still temple run is the best.!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingtwo can u stop the lag?.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennine ratingfive a little more challenging than the first temple run.
lennine ratingfour it has its flaws but over all good game
lenseven ratingfive i am in love with this game
lentwelve ratingfive it's so hard to stop playing if you have to stop.
lentwo ratingfive worth getting.
lentwo ratingfive filthy game
lenthirtyseven ratingone this game has some bug.when crash with the bricks after fellowing the bear sometimes it won't turn left, right or jump.and sometimes it's freeze .so please developer update a quick fix.thank you!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive excellent app
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfour awsum game.
lentwo ratingfour awsum graphis.
lenthree ratingfour but 1 thng sir.
leneight ratingfour plz add a featre of cancling d jump.
lensix ratingfour den d gam ll b supa.
lentwo ratingfive quality game
lenten ratingfive i didn't care for the first one at all.
lentwentyseven ratingfive but saw a co-worker play this one and had to try it myself and this is by far the most addicting app i've ever played.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommend :)
lentwentyfive ratingthree i love this game but it's not letting me keep my coins i can't even buy the stuff to level up the boost :(
lenten ratingone i can't even download the  game, why is that?
lentwelve ratingfive one of the best game i ever played in my android phone.
lenfour ratingfour the game's fabulous.
lenten ratingfour but it crashes every now and then on my galaxy s2.
lenseven ratingfour although an update should fix the issue.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive!
lenfourteen ratingone this app is horrible, can never make it past 100k without it freezing or glitching.
lenseven ratingfive this game is better then temple run 1
lenthirtyseven ratingfour it needs alot of time until the game start its a little bid laggy few buggs when you jump and ready to land you padd through the rock need alot of fixing but its a funtastic game.
leneight ratingone glitches me out of my highscores and gems
lensix ratingfour the game is awesome as expected.
lenfour ratingfour easier then temple run.
lentwentytwo ratingfour it plays smoothly, though for a relaxed gamer its hard to earn enough coins to buy characters and upgrades without getting frustrated
lensix ratingthree the version is way too easy
leneight ratingfive its an amazing game very fun to play
leneight ratingone screen is magnified on lg optimus l3 please fix
lenfour ratingfive must download this game. .
leneleven ratingfive nice yaar i love temple run nd i love imangi studio
lensix ratingone not able to download, showing error 408
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwelve ratingfive lags a little but i play it all the time in class.
lenthirtyeight ratingfive just one thing to say to developers that i think there is a glitch that when the boost powerup is ending and if we r on d tight rope then the speed remains same as that in boost.
lenfive ratingfive otherwise the best game ever.
lenfive ratingfive my high score is 6.5 million.
lenfour ratingfive (oooooooyeaaaaaaaaa ummmm hummm yeaooow
lenseven ratingfive best graphics for a low end mobile
lennine ratingfive awesome game .i have been addicted to this game.
leneight ratingfive while class is going i play it lot
lentwentyone ratingfive its even more addicting than the first temple run and with more special effects i play it for 2 hours every day
lensixteen ratingfour really fun not to dufferent though need more stuff more like an expansion than a sequal
lennineteen ratingfour i absolutely love this game and the graphics are incredible but (for me at least) the lag is terrible!
lentwentynine ratingfour sensitivity options would be helpful and being able to complete objectives in any order (or choose which ones you want to work on) would make it much more fun.
leneleven ratingthree love this game but it force closes from time to time
lenthree ratingfive jsss sooo goood! :)
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lensix ratingfive very good game an better graphics
lenseven ratingfive di tunggu update an nya y om
lentwo ratingfive freaking awesome !
leneleven ratingfive temple run 2 thats what i was waiting about and it rocks !
lenthree ratingthree the carts suck
lensix ratingfive this game is very adventures game.
lenseventeen ratingfive it's good and amazing and i  love it but personally i like the first one better ?
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics.
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lennine ratingfive n hey im so bloody addicted to this game.
lenfour ratingfive simply wow wow wow.
lenfourteen ratingfour i am absolutely addicted to this game, but it really needs more tilt sensitivity.
lentwentyfour ratingfour when i am in the mine i have to tilt it to an angle where i can't see it to tip my cart.
lenfive ratingfive i freaking love this game
lennine ratingone every now and then the google now comes up!
lenfive ratingfive it is an excellent game
lentwelve ratingfive yay i love temple run 2 swell as temple run just    love it
leneight ratingfive really gud game i would play all day
lennineteen ratingfive great game double the fun than the previous one.with gems u can u can go much further.terbaiekk
lenfive ratingfive wayyyyyyy better than the first!
lenfourteen ratingfive i wish i had more hands so i can give this game 4 thumbs up!
lentwo ratingfive great job!
lennineteen ratingfive i love the graphics.sometimes it gletches but i just pause it and wait for it to catch up.
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game but the wheels on the cart roll the wrong way!
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lentwelve ratingfive i find it the perfect mix of frustratingly difficult and annoyingly addictive.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game nice features 5/5
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenseven ratingfive better and harder than the first one!
leneight ratingfive cool game for passing time and good graphics
lentwo ratingfive fantasic game~
lenfive ratingfive in love with the graphics!
lensix ratingfive install it guys no second thoughts! :)
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love temple run 2.it is even better than temple run 1 but i still like it.thank you for making the game.
lenfive ratingfive totally addictive with awesome graphics!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's great and additive i would defo recommend you get i t now
lenfourteen ratingfive i love templer run two i like it alot it is so so fun
lenten ratingtwo when ever i open the app it is all black.
lenfour ratingtwo everything is black squares.
leneight ratingfive an awesome adventurous game after a long time.
lennine ratingfive in my opinion it is the best android game.
leneight ratingfour great game but a bit laggy on my s3
lensix ratingfive i love this game, so addictive.
lentwentysix ratingtwo worst one is when i press save me and it takes my gems but force closes and i lose all my progress in the current run.
leneight ratingtwo this game wasnt ready to be released yet.
lenten ratingone i love this game will put five stars when fixed.
leneleven ratingone had three characters unlocked most of my power ups all gone.
lentwelve ratingone now when i start over won't even save my first run.
lensix ratingone puts you through trial every time.
lentwentythree ratingfive i think it is a great app i really enjoy playing it and that's why  i'm giving this app five stars
leneight ratingfive the game was amazing :) i totally love it
lentwelve ratingthree i like the new temple run but it is super laggy sometimes -.-
lentwentyone ratingfour the game lags sometimes and i fall off the cliff and the tilt on the game isn't great at all.
lenfifteen ratingfour live the game but i has a few minor flaws that need to be fixed.
lenseventeen ratingfour i like this one better than the first but there are a few glitches that need fixing.
lensix ratingfive love the addition of new obstacles.
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are amazing and its such a different approach to the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive takes abit getting use to but overall a very good game to play.
lenfive ratingtwo my tilting keeps on stoping.
lenfour ratingtwo five stars for fixing
lenthree ratingfive is completely amazing!
lentwentyfive ratingfour itz nice to play temple run 2.ofcourse itz a nice game.but it sometimes hngs.but graphics r some much excellent.overall i love it!
lenseventeen ratingthree more complicated game,  complicated ui, i loved the previous version though this version has much smoother graphics.
lenseven ratingone m using sony xperia arc s isc.
leneight ratingone cant install it saying 'pakage invalid' fix it
lentwentyone ratingone it force closes before it opens got it to open once lagged so hard i couldnt jump or turn htc evo 4g.
lennine ratingfive this is a great game, a definate must have.
lenthree ratingfive htc evo 4g lte.
lentwo ratingfive supeb game
lenfourteen ratingfive the title says it all - much betta than temple run 1 and even subway surfers!
lenthree ratingfive good job imangi.
leneight ratingfour it works great on my samsung galaxy note 2.
lenfive ratingfour i just love this app.
lenten ratingfour i give 4 star for its improvements and for better graphics.
lennine ratingfour but its very late for entering in play store.
lennineteen ratingtwo one day i opened it up and i was stuck in tutorial mode and all my coins were gone.
lentwo ratingfour simply superb.
lentwentyone ratingfive the game side really fun, but it takes a while to load and lags a little bit when you go faster.
lenfive ratingfive i love the graphics though!
lennine ratingfive one and only game i addicted in recent times!
lensix ratingfive thanks n congrats to the team.
leneight ratingfive very very addictive 100x better than the original game 10/10
lentwelve ratingone i reley dont wan to say this, but i have to now.
lenfive ratingone this game is so esay.
lennine ratingone i mean, all you do is hit the spacebar.
leneight ratingfive it's a superb game i love it.
lensix ratingfive sema game ma! ippadi 7 naal vilayadanum!
lentwentyfour ratingfive it's an awesome game i could this game all day and all night that's how  much i <3  this game is so awesome
lenthree ratingfive very nice game
lenfive ratingfive awesome game, tons of fun
lenseven ratingfive finally for aneroid , but worth the wait
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive nice grapics.
lensix ratingfive some new difficuties than temple run 1
lenseventeen ratingone it doesnt even open on my fone,.and i have to force close!plz fix this :l
lennine ratingfour skinny part of running path are a bit glitchy.
lenfourteen ratingfour you have to wait a moment longer than you think to get off them.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lentwo ratingfive funky ideas.
lennineteen ratingone needs to be updated again because eveything on my phone is supersized.i can't see anything.please fix
lentwentythree ratingfive imangi they are just too good.first temple 1 and now with 2 they came up with brilliant idea.great locations.gorgeous graphics.simply 5 star
lenthirteen ratingfour very good but motion  sensor is  not so cool compare to previous version
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive a short way of puting it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic
lentwelve ratingfive a fan of the first and die hard fan of the second.
lenthree ratingfive great great game.
leneleven ratingfive this is the more cool game that i have ever played
lennineteen ratingtwo better than temple run 1 but a huge bug i have encountered numerous times is that my coins keep resetting.
lentwo ratingfive soooo goooood.
lenseven ratingfive huge step up from the first one!
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingone it goes to the first screen thing, then force closes.
lentwentyone ratingfive love the game, my only gripe is if you could add a menu to see your objectives from the pause screen.
lennineteen ratingfive other than that, the game is easy to get used to while adding a lot of fun new aspects.
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooooo cool!
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing
lenfour ratingfour such an awesome game.
lenthree ratingfour highly recommend it.
lentwentythree ratingfour the only thing that about it is that your magnet or invisibility doesn't last for a long time like in temple run 1.
leneight ratingfour apart from that, the app is outstanding xo
leneight ratingfive excellent graphics work fine on my motorola rarz
lenseventeen ratingone it took too lng for release of trmpl rn2 ,, nd yet thr's nothn xciting bout the game.
lenfour ratingfive upgraded to the max
lentwelve ratingfive good graphics, with added new adventures.n many more.download it now.
lenfour ratingfive best running game evr.:)))
lenfour ratingfive cool game ,slow download
lentwentyseven ratingtwo even just released,but when i ran this game,it wont running smoothly,so much lags when its started,please fix and i'll added more stars
lenfive ratingfive this game is just awesome!
lenten ratingfour i like this game very much i play it everyday
leneighteen ratingone the game looks nice but its too big for my screen resolution please fix that my phone is 240x320
lenthree ratingfive great game :d
lenfour ratingfour better graphics n gameplay
lensix ratingfive an awesome game,. never played before
lenfour ratingfive this is awesome addiction
lenthirteen ratingfive love the 3d, better gameplay and new features, much much better than its predecessor
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics and marvellous game.
lenfive ratingfive i danno hw to explain.
lentwenty ratingthree everthingon the game is great except sometimes when i die and try to use my gem it freezes then crashes!
lenthree ratingthree please update thanks.
leneleven ratingfive this game is great, you definitely wouldn't be bored playing.
lenten ratingfive temple run2 is awesome game it's graphics are the best.
lensix ratingfour its fun and kind of addicting.
lenfourteen ratingfour its a lot different from the first one it has better graphics and effects.
lensix ratingfour its a good and fun game
lenthree ratingfive excellent            good games
leneight ratingfive love the new temple keep it coming! !:-d
lennine ratingfive temple run two beats temple run one by far.
lenfifteen ratingfive i'm going to say it's one of the best games created for android.
lenseven ratingtwo poor compared to the original temple run.
leneighteen ratingtwo the other one is sharper and karma lee actually looks like she is running.i mean, she is.
lensix ratingtwo but here its like "who cares?
lennine ratingtwo i'll run in a dilly-dally way and.!"
lenfourteen ratingtwo but subway surfers is waaaaay better that any temple run u can ever make.
lenseven ratingtwo you got to try harder than that. :(
lentwentytwo ratingthree i love this game on my galaxy tab but on my htc resound, certain images will show up as a black box.
lenseventeen ratingfour great game, but the shield powerup doesn't protect you against the water fall and narrow path.
lentwo ratingfive great fun!
lentwentytwo ratingfive 1 thing that needs to be fixed is that theres a few bugs in the game still but the game is f****** awesome
lenten ratingfour this is a fun progression from the first temple run.
lenseventeen ratingfour deducted a star because sometimes it runs choppy and crashes a little too much on droid bionic.
lenthree ratingfive excellent graphic :d
lenthree ratingfive another imangi stus.
lensix ratingfive tougher and better than the orginal.
lenfour ratingfive its great on note 2
leneight ratingfive great follow up .worth the wait .love it
lenthree ratingfour game is awesome .
lensix ratingfour just hangs a bit on my s2.
lenseven ratingfive different from temple run 1 and more adventure
lenthirtythree ratingfive temple run 2 is just the best game and me and my liytoe sister can't stop playing it and when we do we just want to go back on it's soooo amazing!
lenseven ratingfive awsm game.more fun den temple run 1.
leneight ratingfive great great great great great great great great
lenfifteen ratingthree wen in the beginning i started playin templerun i enjoyed alot ,was addicted to it.
lenfifteen ratingthree but now i m fadup of playin it as there is no end to it.
lentwentyfive ratingthree we r just running n gathering coins n wen we r stuck n r game 7s over thn ee have to start again frm the beginning.
lensixteen ratingfive the game is great, fun entertaining, but it is a little skippy, it could be smoother.
lentwo ratingfive chala bugunnadi
lensix ratingfive bas kuch nhi kahe ne ko
lentwelve ratingfive it's a beautiful  app,,, the game  i  like  most  of all. .
lenthree ratingfour scored 16 lakh score.
lenthree ratingfour jus awsum game :)
lensixteen ratingfive it's great,  they need to come out with one that you can compete with others.
lenthree ratingfive game is addicting
lennine ratingfive awesome game very very addictive .no lags must download
lensix ratingfive superb graphics and very cool scenes.
leneight ratingfive better than first two versions of temple run.
lenthree ratingfive surpassed all expectations
lensixteen ratingone this game gives me headache, and is trying to outdo the first one, which i love.
lenfour ratingone dont like it unfortunately.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenthree ratingfive lived upto expectation.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthree ratingfour big black penis
lenten ratingfive lots of fun, loving the new added features and graphics!
lenten ratingone i've tried to download this three or four times.
lenthirteen ratingone my sister loves it, so obviously i had to try it out too.
lenseventeen ratingone it would start downloading and when it was ready to install.i got an invalid file error.
lennine ratingone looks like i'm stuck with just temple run 1.
lenfifteen ratingfive fun easier the monkey could not block the screen when you jump after you trip
leneighteen ratingthree i like it but it has a lot of errors and i  hope that you update it soon
lenfifteen ratingfive when boost ends up at the same time you are about to ride the train.
leneight ratingfive speed is always fast, same as boost speed.
lenfive ratingfive is that a normal behavior?
lenfour ratingfive although it rarely happens
lentwo ratingfive mind blowing !
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingtwo it always makes me run off the edge.
leneight ratingthree not as good as the first temple run.
lenfive ratingthree it is okay i guess
lenthree ratingone confusing and tough
lennine ratingfive i use to play subway surfers and temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive this game is more addictive.
leneight ratingfive i love to collect gems and buy stuff.
lenthirteen ratingfive it's simply amazing guy works like butter on tab 2 and awsome graphics!
lenfour ratingfive its like heaven friends! !.
lenfive ratingfive game is better than ever.
lennineteen ratingtwo game was great when i first got it, but as i've used it, it gets slower and slower.
lensixteen ratingtwo randomly the graphics will get choppy and screen refresh lowers and it will ignore my input.
lentwentythree ratingtwo at the end of a run, if i click next or use a jewel, the game will freeze for up to twenty seconds.
lenone ratingfive .enjyy disヤ
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lentwelve ratingfour i played once in my galaxy s and now it wont open.
lenfour ratingfour gonna try reinstalling again.
lenfive ratingfive awsome game.jst the best
leneight ratingthree i really love this game very very much
lenfive ratingfive new graphics new everything #1 app
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingtwo doesn't not work for samsung i997 need to fix fast asap
lenfour ratingfive very fun to play
lensix ratingfive cool its very good at insatlling
lenfive ratingfour but, still lags in ics
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwentynine ratingfive better graphics like water falls, hanging in ropes course etc. the one thing which i didn't like is difficult to control the movements when the beast is chasing.
lenfour ratingfive is great but hard!
leneight ratingfive works great on my note 2 with max graphics!
lenthirteen ratingfive this is by far the most addicting game on my all my devices.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics make the first one look like psp graphics right now.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive u have to download it an awesome game nice graphics 3d and hd
leneleven ratingthree i would give it five stars if not for some glitches.
lentwentynine ratingthree more times than not when using save me a second time or more it will take me out of the game and to the main screen on my phone.
lentwentyfive ratingthree also the sensitivity needs a little correcting because it feels like i have to turn my phone all the way to the side to move.
leneleven ratingfive arguably the best free game available on android at the moment.
lennineteen ratingfive what a game is this will take you to a higher level of gaming good graphic a rocking game
lenfour ratingfive haha its so addictive
lenten ratingtwo this game is fun just like the first temple run.
lenfourteen ratingtwo however, the only thing that gets me mad is the fu*king lag spikes.
lenseventeen ratingtwo these mess me up so many times even when i put the visual quality to the lowest.
lentwelve ratingfive love this game too much fun to play this game super liks
lenthirteen ratingfive much better than the orignal temple run much funnier and way more graphics !
lenfortyeight ratingtwo i am on a huawei phone and any time i revive past 2 million score the game crashes, lost 4 gems already and multiple high scores plus and coins earned, roughly 5000 per crash, quite annoying, the game overall has some great twists to it with the hills and curvy landscapes.
lenthirtynine ratingtwo i wish there were a few other characters and you didn't have to get the achievements in order because i get stuck on a couple and finally get to the next one knowing i have already done it.
lenseven ratingtwo this game has its moments for me.
lenthirtytwo ratingone temple run no doubt about it is one of the best games ever.but it doesn't fit to my screen ill stick with the other temple run until this is fixed!
lentwo ratingfour real intense
lenfive ratingone poor app slow very slow
lensixteen ratingfive great game could play it all day, i like the new update they did on this.
lenfive ratingfive keep updating this game please
lenten ratingfive much improved from the first temple run, fun and addicting.
lenfour ratingfour unique and very addicted!
lenfour ratingfour great game runs perfect!
lenten ratingfour when i know or am told why will be 5 star .
leneight ratingthree liked the new version the graphics are good.
lentwentyfour ratingthree just one issue at times this hangs usually on the end of life of the player the screen sticks back button does not work.
lensixteen ratingfour very fun and addictive, lags just a bit, but other than that it keeps your interest.
lentwo ratingfive simply grt
lenfourteen ratingfive its amazing, dnt wry if u find it confusing at first, afterwards its fantastic !
lenseven ratingfive it's seriously best game from imangi.
lenseven ratingfive newer version is so cool dan previous.
lenseven ratingfive ppl who has given 1 stars down down.
lentwenty ratingfive itz bcoz u r mob is not capable to play this beautiful game and so u rate it as 1 star.
lennine ratingfive change u r mob or u ve rooted it.
leneight ratingfive it's all by u the fault user.
lenfour ratingfive this is 20 star worth.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphic.
lentwelve ratingfive i'm brianna and i like temple run 2  you should make a 3! :)
lenfour ratingfive similar with rail rush
lentwelve ratingfour can request for adding leaderboard.bcz apple got and adroid don hv.
lenthirteen ratingone when i run the game everything is so big that covers my screen.
lentwentyone ratingone i thought my screen was too small but i saw my friend play in on a smaller screen and works good.
lenfourteen ratingfive i have to say this is way better n addictive than previous temple run!
lenthree ratingfive like the graphics!
lenthirty ratingfour lags quite a bit, the pathways are still loading when running, and the sensitivity, great scott does it need  be fixed i have to practically turn the phone upside down!
lenfive ratingfive graphic is better its awesome
lenthree ratingfive its pretty call
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is madd difficult and fun :)
lenthree ratingfour amazing, love it.
lenthirteen ratingfive no lags like the ios version, amazing sequel to an already amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics.
lenten ratingfive you'll see what the five stars are all about.
leneleven ratingfive i never rate things unless they leave an impression - enough said.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lentwo ratingfive imangi studios.!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive have some issues using power ups on nexus 7.
lensix ratingfive the double tap doesn't work.
lenseven ratingfive had the same issue with temple run 1
lenseven ratingfive game runs on my galaxy s3 very smoothly.
lenfourteen ratingfive my phone is not lagging with this game its awesome espcially the grahpics lol
lentwentytwo ratingone the game is fun but it's full of glitches it freezes and restarts and it makes you lose please fix this!
lenthree ratingfive love this game !  :-)
lenfour ratingfive plz add indiana jones!
lentwo ratingthree ok game .
lensixteen ratingfour this is really a step i from the first one but something happens with my coins.
lenthirteen ratingfour it doesn't keep adding them its like they  minus instead of add.
lenten ratingfive best arcade game i have ever played on my tab!
lenfour ratingfour installed in lg optimus l3 e400.
lensix ratingfour game runs good and no issues.
lenten ratingfour but it diaplays only in the half of my screen .
leneight ratingfour sometimes looks like it zoomed in a lot.
lensix ratingfour guess there is some resolution issue .
lensix ratingfour developers kindly check on it pls .!
lenthirteen ratingfive i played in iphone and i wish to play it in my siii.
lenten ratingfour can get a bit glitchy but i do love it
lentwo ratingfive great graphics
leneight ratingfive this is my favorite game of all time!
lentwentytwo ratingfive very addicting,it's not my best game that i like but it's fun and better then the first temple run
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingthree i like it but i think he first one is better
lenthree ratingfive so fcking addicting.
leneight ratingfive awsm game must download u will enjoy it :)
lenfive ratingfive cool superb app ever downloaded
lensixteen ratingthree so much better than the first one but quite jumpy on htc, better on the ipad
lenfour ratingfive berry berry berry good
lenfive ratingfive superb .one of my favourite.
lensixteen ratingfour i realy love this game but it gets somewat boring once you play it a lot :/
lentwenty ratingthree its very polish game good control than temple run 1 but still no innovation as i expected more from temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is the best game i've ever played and i don't have any problems with it at all
lennine ratingfive stunning graphics and super smooth play on the note 2.
leneight ratingfive for a free download it should get 6 stars!
lenseven ratingfive like the 1st but this one even better.
lensix ratingfive especially the effects for the phone.
lensix ratingfive an updated bandacoot. :) i am happy
lenseven ratingone runs like crap and crashes a lot
lenfour ratingfive awesome must play game
lentwo ratingfive walaa magicccc
leneleven ratingfour this is an amazing game with great graphics nd new theme.
lenten ratingfour i gave it 4 stars as motion sensitivity cud b better.
lenten ratingfour whenever i swipe, the character turns in d wrong direction.
lenfifteen ratingfour i never experienced this in temple run.fix all this nd 5 stars in ur pocket! :)
lenten ratingfive great game overall, the graphics and game play are amazing!
lensix ratingfive awsome.keep bringing these excellent advancement
lenfifteen ratingthree it's a great game but i paid 10 buck for coins and never received them
leneighteen ratingfive the game is really good and entertaining but the tilt is really hard.make it more sensitive please
lenthree ratingfive addictin fun game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive excellent sequel to a great game
leneleven ratingfive i thote it couldn't get eny better but it did!
lentwo ratingfive perfect game!
lentwo ratingfive crazy funnn!
lenfourteen ratingfive addicting and fun download if you liked the first, ull love the second 5 stars
lensix ratingfive the newer version is simply amazing.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive while it has great and smooth graphics coupled with many new add ons but at the same time it successfully manages to carry with it the flavour and fragrance of the phenomenal ooriginal version.well done imangi!
lenseventeen ratingfive not only is temple run 2 a great, it presents a great challenge compared to temple run one.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and fun!
lensix ratingfive massacred all of my free time
lentwo ratingfive zabardast game
lenfour ratingfive best mobile game out
lenfive ratingfive very nice game,, well done
leneight ratingthree there are a few bugs in the game.
lenfourteen ratingthree especially annoying is one where the character doesn't slow down after power up.
lensix ratingfive awesome better than the first one
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game because it has awesome characters and u get to go in baskets
leneight ratingfive played part 1 but this game rocks n shocks.
lenfour ratingthree freezez and sticks alot.
lentwelve ratingtwo everytime i die it shuts down and resets all of my stats
lenthree ratingfive cool & entertaining game
leneight ratingfive i hated the first one love this one
lentwentynine ratingfive love the game but when you have the boost activated and run into the cable railway you are still fast from the boost when you get out of it.
lenfour ratingfive you cant survive that.
lenthree ratingfive bestt game ever
lenfive ratingfive love it to the core
lenseven ratingthree game is delayed on side to side.
lenthree ratingthree graphics are great.
lenfive ratingthree tested on 2 phones so far.
lenthirteen ratingthree the galaxy note 2 and optimus g. both have quad core and 2gb of ram.
lenfour ratingthree need to tweek sensitivity.
lenfive ratingthree first temple run was better.
lenthree ratingthree lg optimus g
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenthree ratingfive true cuz game
lenfive ratingthree it makes me sick.literally.
lennine ratingthree it makes me dizzy sometimes, and more often nauseas.
lenfive ratingthree the original didnt do that.
lentwentyfour ratingthree but its alot more fun even with that then the first.and i loved that one too:-)   dont like the new objective thingy tho.
lenfive ratingfive works excellent on my evo 3d.
lenfive ratingfive some graphics should be improved.
leneighteen ratingfive even better than temple run 1 which is rly saying something.wowzers gr8 game guys can't stop playing xx
lenfour ratingfive loved the game.excellent :-)
lenfive ratingfive its a great game overall.
lenfour ratingfive far mre better thn tr1.
lensixteen ratingfive i wake up out my sleep playin this!i love it better than the first one!
lenten ratingfour cool but camera angle when turning is wayyyyyyy too sharp
lentwo ratingfive addictive game
lentwo ratingfive simply awesme
lenseven ratingone the screen jux keep freezing up so
lentwo ratingfive verry nice
lentwo ratingfive excellent.game
lenthree ratingfive absolutely love it!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfive ratingfive it is downloading quite slowly.
lenfour ratingthree the game is awesome
lennineteen ratingfour i like how u have a chance to unlock new players and u can also swing on the wire
lentwentyone ratingone it doesnt let me see the whole screen there is only a tiny bit where you can see where to go
leneight ratingfive very good game, i would definitely recommend it.
leneight ratingfour no sensivity options but a very addictive game.
leneight ratingfour it is really great although a little hard.
lenthirteen ratingfive graphics are stunning in da samsung note 2 and plays great, controls respond great
lentwo ratingfive great graffics
lentwentythree ratingfour i hate how once the monkey catches up to you, you are not able to see your guy again until you lose him.
lenthree ratingfour great game though!
lenten ratingfive great graphics, a big step up from the last version.
lentwo ratingfour excellent game.
lenthree ratingfour try it guys !
lenthirteen ratingfive really cool gameplay .lots of efforts taken to develop this game.hats off!
lentwelve ratingfive its a great updated new and very very challenging and addictive game.
lenthree ratingfive graphics are excellent.
lensix ratingfive very addictive, good graphics and controls.
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first
lentwentytwo ratingfive the app is so wonderfuly made yhat u get goosebumps when u play it as the player falls amazinn work imagni studios
lensix ratingfive nice new version  of temple  run
leneight ratingfour would be a 5 star but it freeze sometimes
leneight ratingone it gets stuck on the imagi studios logo.
leneight ratingone then puts me bsck on my home screen.
lenthirtythree ratingfive one of the beat update or should i  say best sequel to any handheld game till date.provides the kind of addiction with more interesting features to keep u intact with the game.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3.!
lensix ratingone can't even play the game!
leneight ratingone keeps force closing before the game even loads.
lenthirteen ratingthree ok this is better than 1st one, but its lagging in many ways too.
lentwentythree ratingthree the tilt is too slow, speed boost(power up) sometimes works weirdly (it doesnt slow down) and it hangs a lil bit too.
lenfifteen ratingthree i am givin it 3 coz i love its graphics n concept.please improve those things.
leneight ratingfive harder than the original game and even better :-)
lenthirtytwo ratingfive this game is so awesome it keeps me entertained and sometimes it gets even better because it gets faster the further you get i would definitely reccomend it to all of you
lenfive ratingfive more thrilling action gud job
leneight ratingfive realllyy really love this game,especially the graphic
lensix ratingone fun game but app freezes up
lenthree ratingfive even more addicting!
lentwentytwo ratingfive u think wordsmr possible for this game ok heres 2 words for ya sick az don judge ir dis cos u just cant
lenfour ratingfive i beat world record?
lensix ratingfive i reached 53676475 is that world record?
lenfive ratingtwo repeatedly restarts my coins to 0.
leneleven ratingtwo hard to upgrade anything when you can't make it above 3k.
lensix ratingtwo seems like every 3 games or less
lenfour ratingfive i like the objectives
lenfifteen ratingfive sweet game love the whole concept amazng ive seen bettet graphics of course but good
lenseven ratingone it wouldn't load stupid darn game
lenten ratingfour but try to give sensitivity options otherwise nice game :d
lenthree ratingone this game suks
lentwo ratingfive simply outstanding
lennineteen ratingthree feels a little glitchy at times and turning your phone from side to side doesn't work as well.
lenfourteen ratingthree everytime i press save me it alway ask me do i want more gems
lentwentynine ratingone i enjoy this game a lot, but i ordered a coin pack days ago and it has not been credited to my game even though i have been charged.
lenten ratingone i have contacted them twice but have received no response.
lenfour ratingfive love it live it
lenfourteen ratingfour does not work on htc desire it loads up and then its closes down
lensix ratingfive sooooo much better than the first!
lensix ratingfive another awesome take on the concept
lentwenty ratingtwo great graphics but very buggy and still unable to distinguish between a left swipe and a jump and freezes up.
lensixteen ratingtwo good first attempt now it was totally erased along with all the extras i've earned.
lenseven ratingtwo stayed out five start now at two
lenfourteen ratingthree good game but freezes a lot when trying to use gem to save life.
lensixteen ratingthree when restart game you then loose 2 gems and can even have a negative number of gems!
lenseven ratingfive different temple locations choice can be added.
leneight ratingfive the right kinda sequel that this game needed!
lensix ratingfour a good game but not extraordinary
leneleven ratingfive (and thats saying a lot since the first one was amazing)
lenfortyfive ratingthree is such an addictive app and really good but every time i go on it, it has the picture of where i fell off in the last game and doesn't move unless i restart my tablet so fix bugs and will be a five!
lennineteen ratingfour i have probly used at least 2 gems on each of the power bar power ups but they never upgraded
lenthirteen ratingfive done great job imangi n team thank u keeping us still more lassiness
leneleven ratingfive great fun, good graphics! :') i still love the first one though!
lenthree ratingfive js one word."
lenthirteen ratingfive this temple run 2 is so so so awsome and better than templ run 1
lentwentyone ratingfour temple run 2 is so much more challenging but it deleted all of my history such as highscores coins everything ive achieved!
lenthirtytwo ratingfour keeps going back to tutorial then feeezes if i die etc and just keeps going to tutorial over and over i've rebooted phone and there arent any updates please sort it! !
lenseven ratingfive excelent graphics nd good area for running .
lenthree ratingfive fun and adicting!
lentwo ratingfive osum app.:-)
lentwo ratingfive cool graphics.
lenthree ratingfive great new stages .
leneight ratingfive and never gets stuck like the older version.
lennine ratingfive cant stop playing and i like the differnt upgrades!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneighteen ratingtwo this game is a lor of fun, but it has some glitches and nevee saves my game data.
lenseven ratingtwo please fix this to get five stars.
lenseven ratingfive good game better then temple run one
lenseven ratingfive pretty addicting, harder than first temple run.
lenthree ratingfive luv the game
lenseven ratingtwo very buggy doesn't count my coins.
lenfifteen ratingtwo very slow reactions to my flicks i can't keep playing it's so bad!
lennine ratingtwo i love the game but it really needs work.
lentwentynine ratingfive so i downloaded this in my tablet and loved it but i found its not compatible for my samsung galaxy ace please make my day and make it compatible :)
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are really and off the scale i recommend you try it
lenthirteen ratingfour i love this game ,but i've been getting the same one lately.
lentwelve ratingfour so could u please fix that and i'll rate it 5 stars.
leneleven ratingtwo has some bugs like when i swiped down it went up
lenfive ratingfive fort it was tots amaz
lensix ratingfour why is this game so addicting!?
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive super fun!.excellent graphics.:-)
lenseven ratingone not so gud as 1 old is gold
leneight ratingfive great game way better than the previous one
lenseven ratingfive this obe of my fav games now
lenfourteen ratingthree i give it three stars because the game lags too much and its irritating.
lensixteen ratingthree if in anyway you could get rid of the lag i'll give it a 5 stars.
leneight ratingone won't let me play on motorola defy
lentwo ratingfive amazingly fun
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennineteen ratingfour the game is awesome and rarely glitches i love the new setting and obstacles defo recommend it for others
lenthree ratingfour really gd fun
lensix ratingfour much better than the previous version
leneleven ratingfive please, try to develop more graphics to make it more luring
leneleven ratingfour the second part is very nice i like it fun game
lentwentysix ratingfour it's a great app; but i was at level four at one point; then it wipee clean and i have to regain the characters again!
lenseventeen ratingfour it needs a sensistivity controller as i don't find it sensitive enough - otherwise, it's good!
lenfive ratingfour very nice and fun playing.
lenthree ratingfour lovw this game.
lensixteen ratingfour the first was great but the new background and changes as allowed this to stay fresh.
lentwo ratingfive great game :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) !
lenthree ratingfive awesome in playing
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and good fun!
lentwentyeight ratingfour better than first one just the prob  is in start sometimes it take time to  on the game or esle 5 star just coz of one prob its 4 n 1/2
lentwo ratingfour nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive soooooo cooooool
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthirteen ratingtwo so i like the game, but i can not use save me twice!
lenfour ratingtwo ive wasted atleast 12 gems!
lenfive ratingtwo i hope this gets resolved.
lenfive ratingtwo until it does im uninstalling
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfive ratingfive got 11million with out coin doubler
lenfifteen ratingtwo love the game but everytime i reach 2500 coins it automatically spends them for an upgrade.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i am not able to save them higher to upgrade myself to something.
lensix ratingtwo and the game crashes mid game.
lensixteen ratingone i can't even play the resolution is beyond big i can barely see the runner
lenthirteen ratingfive i did not play it yet but it is the best game ever! :-)
lenseven ratingone mine is lagging what should i do
lenfour ratingfive alot of fun on s3
lenfive ratingfive lovley game good new game
lenfortyfour ratingfive i have the galaxy s 2 epic 4g touch white i love this game i love how is has more stunts it actually keeps me wanting to play now im addicted whoever made this one gooooood job love it i wish i could give it 10 stars
lentwo ratingfive interestingly difficult
lenfive ratingfive addicting.some super awesome stuff!
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome much better than the first one
leneight ratingfive lovely game.love the graphics.good job team
lenfive ratingfive love love love this game.
lenfour ratingfive great features and looks 3d
lenthirteen ratingone starts loading when i open game nd after few time it automaticaly closez. :(
lennine ratingfive i love this edition of the temple run family.
lensixteen ratingfive the newly-added obstacles keep me on my toes and keep me wanting to play longer.
lenfive ratingfive much better with new views.
lenfive ratingfour even better than temple run 1
lentwentyseven ratingfour it is very good except that it needs to have a sensitivity adjusting option and from time to time there is a very slight sense of lag.
lenthree ratingfive so dang addicting!
lenthirtyone ratingfive i just can't seem to get enough every day just get back from school niece does my head in i just think of sonething to do its allways temmple run 2
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics!
lentwo ratingfour awesome idea .
lenseven ratingfour but i do not like the monkey
leneight ratingone i dont find anytng interestin in dis game.
lennine ratingone plz dnt use tilt fr movin left nd write.
lentwo ratingone tat sucks
lenthirteen ratingone everytime it crashes, won't load past the studio screen for the huawei
lentwenty ratingthree when i use the save me button the app just stops and goes to the home screen on my phone.
lentwo ratingthree rzr max 2
lenfour ratingfive great game and graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great 2nd edition
lenseven ratingfive one of the best android games ever.
lensix ratingfive let's make this game 5 star.
lentwo ratingfive gud app
lenthree ratingfive loved the game
leneighteen ratingfour can download and install but just sits at the opening screen for a long time but does run.
lenthree ratingfour captivate with ics
lentwentytwo ratingfive nice and wonderful game.wonderful, better than the old game.marvelous, one of the best games that i had played and seen
lensixteen ratingfive this feels like an expanded version of the first game and thus keeps the vibes intact.
lennine ratingfive the cart and rope setting modes are especially awesome!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive better than previous version.
lensix ratingfive love it,better than the first
lenthree ratingfive nice game yarrr
lenfour ratingfive amazingly entertaining and fub
lensix ratingfive 100 times better than the first one.
lenfourteen ratingthree swiping in either direction to jump, slide, or turn does not respond too well.
lenten ratingthree i am always hitting the wall, falling down, or burned.
lenthirteen ratingthree hopefully, the next update will address and resolve these issues i'm suffering.
lenseven ratingfive perfect way to waste your bored time
leneight ratingfive this is a true competetor to subway surfers
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingfive a bit of a work is required on the visuals.
leneight ratingfive better than al d other temple run games
lenthirteen ratingfive i dont knw why bt it runs smoother than the original temple run
lenthirteen ratingfive go to poor quality and it will be super easy to get coins
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
lensix ratingfive its a good game to play
lennine ratingfive i love the new layout and the new course!
lenthirtysix ratingfive also i love the fact that you can get gems while running, and that you don't have to buy them with real money (like you have to do with most of these kind of games)
lensix ratingfour same old temple run, new look.
lenthree ratingfour still fun game!
lenfive ratingfive nice graphics and indeed adictive
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lensix ratingfive very cool game i ever seen
lenthree ratingfive fast paced fun.
lentwentyfive ratingfive when i first played this i was so confused and hated it but now i have played it properly i'm like this is amazing!
leneleven ratingfive great quality and new dangers amazing!, five stars without a doubt!
lenfour ratingfive amazing.1 problem.to additive!
lensix ratingfive best game in the world of
lennine ratingthree a little slower than first one but good x
lenfour ratingfour it aight pretty good
lentwo ratingfive pip pip
lennine ratingfour hangs a bit in s advance overall hats off.
lentwentyone ratingfour really fun game but sometimes when i use the save me it lags out and i lose my gem.please fix!
lenfive ratingfour then ill make it 5 star!
lenfour ratingfive oh i love it!
lenfifteen ratingfive great graphics than temple run 1,good thoughts,addicted to play & collect the coins & power ups.
lenfive ratingfive an absolute must have app.
leneight ratingfive great for wasting away time on long journeys.
lensix ratingfive more obstacles, various upgrades and customizations.
lenfour ratingfive its addicting but fun!
lenfour ratingfive like the new maps
lenfive ratingfive this game is great xx
lenthree ratingfive just plain addictive.
lenfourteen ratingfive wow this is amazing especially as i have a galaxy note so bigger screen ;)
lenthirtyseven ratingfive even better then the first, the graphics could of been a little better but it's still a good game , i hope to see a temple run 3 in the future that doesn't have the same graphics !
lenseven ratingone omg the app will not even start!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game but gameplay is extremely  choppy for my phone.
leneight ratingfive the original temple run is the same way.
lenseventeen ratingfive i will be fine and then it will freeze then next thing i know i've died.
lenseven ratingfive i would really love to continue playing.
lenfive ratingfive very very fantastic game superb
lenten ratingfive this so fun u guyd should give it five star
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive great work guys
lentwo ratingfive free sosa
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwentyfive ratingone i died halfway threw rope swing?, i died jumping he went off the track to the right, i fall threw the ground, i had - 3 gems.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lennine ratingfive i found it as a mystery game to complete
leneleven ratingfour some turns are blind and even curvatures are confusing to maneuver
lentwo ratingfive favorite game.
lenfive ratingone opening app is not successful.
lennine ratingfive great game i love it.better than the first
leneight ratingfive after the new update this game simply rockzzzz !
lentwentythree ratingfive this game is really cool but just wish that u could jump over the walls and trees,apart from that a fabulous app!
lentwo ratingfive worth downloading!
lenfour ratingfive this game runs great!
lensix ratingfive can't stop playing it lol
lenseven ratingfive better than the original & even more addicting!
lenfour ratingfive sexy game to tripppp
lenseven ratingfive this game is totally a come back
leneighteen ratingfive tr2 is by far way better than temple run, it really gets you into the game by unlocking stuff!
lenten ratingfive i love it, grate job with the whole new concept!:)
lenthree ratingfive pretty sweet game.
leneleven ratingfive great when you're bored or just like to play games.
lenten ratingfive this game is completely perfect and much beter than before .
lentwo ratingfive worth 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphic and levels.
lenthree ratingfive love u. muha.
lenseven ratingfour a bit more difficult so more interesting.
lentwelve ratingone it won't load and its really ticking me and others off
lenthree ratingfive awesomly wndrfl game.
lenseven ratingfive a wonderful evolution of the original game!
leneleven ratingfive excellent game with very good graphics can't get enough.:-p
lenten ratingfive way better than the first one, look cooler too lol.
lentwentyone ratingtwo man u need to fix dis game on htc c desire its so rubbish ffs the graphics ain't da best.
lensixteen ratingtwo sometimes it randomly kills my player too very horrific overall not the best f in never
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics and amazing game.
lenthirtyone ratingfour excellent game play.lot of improvision from the  earlier version.nice gfx.more adventurous routes.high speed darma and one wild monkey which bangs on as soon as you are hit!
lensix ratingfive the best game on mobile platform
lenten ratingthree so much lag od htc sensation it is not playable
lenfourteen ratingfive better graphics, better stage, cooler boss, upgrades are better, what else do you want! !
lenfour ratingfour 4 stars cause it lags
lenthree ratingfour graphics r gud
lensix ratingfive nice game like the first one
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a very addicting game i could easily play it for hours.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingfive this the best game out right now hands down!
leneleven ratingfive most of my friends and family are downloading it it fab
leneleven ratingfive aousm game.it change my thinking abt tample run.really superb
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
lenfour ratingfive great game on my note2
lentwo ratingfive totally original
lensixteen ratingtwo it is basically the same game expect jumping rope and a bigger monster thing.not great!
lenthree ratingfive loveeeeeeeeee this game
lenfive ratingfive its fantastic love this game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingfive very entertaining and amazing background, addictive to this game all day
lenfour ratingfive its very nice game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game all the way.
lentwentyone ratingfive i play this hours but i kept saying to my self i will rate it after this round i love it
lenthirtysix ratingone this games broke for realz - every now and then when i res it freezes and exits forgets all the info - then randomly games loses info on stats and currency - waste of time till it gets fixed
lenfour ratingfive its cool great game
lenseven ratingthree 'circumnavigator' achievement had multiple instances in lvl 8 .
lenten ratingthree one filled up completely while the other is still midway.
leneleven ratingthree and currently there are multiple instances of 'gold miner'  fix that.
lennine ratingfive just the best running game i've ever played.
lenthree ratingfive love the graphics
lensix ratingfive great game love it so much
lennine ratingfive such an awesome game better than the first series
lenseventeen ratingtwo every time i use the save me feature the program exits out causing me to lose gems.
lenfive ratingtwo very frustrating to make progress.
lenthree ratingfive awesome!love it:):)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfive more challenging than first to me.
lenten ratingfive never thought that a mobile game would be so real.
leneight ratingfive gives a thrill everytime i play the game.
lenseven ratingtwo when you to tilt youcan't and.
lensix ratingtwo when try to jump u cant
lenten ratingfive this is hands down one of the best game ever!
lenfifteen ratingfive n u guys r the most awesome devs to let us play it for free!
lentwelve ratingfive but thers stil some bugs n lags while playin it with my note2.
lenseven ratingfive hope u guys can fix this soon!
leneighteen ratingfour the graphics are rendered pretty smoothly and even a lot smoother than the previous version.delight to play.
lennine ratingfive so much fun just as addictive as the first
lentwelve ratingthree fix ghoust/boost thing, sometimes it drops invulnerability but not the speed.
leneight ratingthree sometimes cart runs off the rails on turns.
lenten ratingthree and make thet i can start 2nd boost while using 1st one.
lenfourteen ratingthree fix it, and some other little things, and i might go for 5 star rating.
lentwelve ratingfive good app .if this app works smoothly then ur phone is perfect.
lentwentytwo ratingfour game is perfect great graphics nice new environment great gameplay but it is lagy on my xperia sl overall game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive great game,, addictive!
lensix ratingfive one of the best running games
lenthree ratingone crashes sprint epic
lennine ratingfive its is very addictive but it is very nice.
lennine ratingfive very engaging and good to keep the brain active
lenfive ratingfour this is a fun game
lensix ratingthree good game but crashes a lo
leneight ratingfour but not as good as the previous version!
lensix ratingfour objectives make it a bit addictive.
lennine ratingfour but original temple run is the bestest game :d
lentwo ratingfive mast hai
lennine ratingfive loads of fun and i always enjoy playing it!
lenseven ratingfive probably the best game i've got!
lenfive ratingfive gameplay n graphics r truely gr8
lenfour ratingthree i personally like #1 better.
lennineteen ratingthree this one may have better graphics, mine carts, ropes, and more, but that doesn't make a better game.
lenthirty ratingfive it took me a while to get used to it since i've been playing temple run 1 for a long time, but once you get the hang of it beware!
lenfive ratingfive hours will pass you by!
lensixteen ratingfour on the xperia sola that game enable the float touch option and its difficult to play
lentwentysix ratingfour my only critism is the bit where you drive the mine cart but the rest of the game is amazing i hope they make temple run 3.
lenseven ratingfive the game and graphics is really nice.
leneight ratingfive i always play this in my available time.
lenseven ratingfive but there are two bugs i found.
leneight ratingfive the twitter support did not tweet my score.
lentwentythree ratingfive and when i use the head start,scarlett fox ran in the sky until 26000+ until the monkey caught her.it was weird bec.
lenseven ratingfive she really is running in the sky.
lennine ratingfive temple run rues and epic game make temple run 3
lenseven ratingfive its better than the first one cool :-)
lenfourteen ratingone i love the game but it lags on my htc evo 3d way to much!
lenfifteen ratingone once i start it lags and when i get to 250,000 it randomly kills me sometimes.
lentwentysix ratingone so i'm not gonna spend my money on gold or gems until this gets fixed, nor will i rate 5 stars until the problem gets fixed
lenfive ratingfive perfect but the turn senstivity
lensix ratingtwo the lagging worsen on my device.
lentwelve ratingtwo its just unfair that the other ace plus users doesnt experience lags. :(((
lentwelve ratingfive i played it all night and was sleepy all the next day.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
leneight ratingfive best game ever no glitches or bugs yet!
lenthree ratingfive warning:super addictive!:)
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenthree ratingfour good job guys.
lennine ratingfive fata de primul  temple run este mult mai greu!
leneleven ratingone game doesnt go past first screen on my triumph nd forecloses
lenfourteen ratingthree its cool but at times it wont open.until fixed im givin it a 3
lenfive ratingfive this game is on fire
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive great help throught out the day
lentwentyfour ratingfive a delightful improvement on an already good game, good graphics and good response, and easy to go on for a lot of spare time
lenten ratingfive this is how you're supposed to make a sequel.
leneighteen ratingfive a similar game with additions and updates that make the game more fun, more challenging, and more gratifying.
lenseven ratingfive good job says i to you, imangi.
lensix ratingfive great game.who gave it 1 star?
lenfifteen ratingfive my favorite part by far is the new rollar coaster feature ^^ game like no other!
leneight ratingfive just as good as the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lentwo ratingfour awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics is unbelieveable
lenthree ratingfive nice one imangi
leneleven ratingfive this is way better than the first temple run by far
lenseven ratingfour a real improvement from the first one
lenseventeen ratingfive this is an spectacular game i loveeee it camt wait til temple run3 well if they make one
lennine ratingfour but it is kinda lacking that temple run feel.
lenseven ratingfive is fun fun is fun is fun
lenfive ratingfive way better than temple run
leneight ratingfive the first day i got onto level 5 amaxing
lentwelve ratingfive the game is awsome but the charachters are the same and few
lenseven ratingfive 2 times better that the first temple run
lenfive ratingone it dident work 0n my phone
lenfour ratingfive make more temple runs
lenfortyfive ratingfour really good game but there are a few glitches like if you collect a boost and it's near over while coming down a zipline, when you get off that zipline, most of the boost is gone.except for the ridiculously high speed but unprotected.
lenthirteen ratingfour then sometimes when jumping to another platform you fall right though the floor.
lenfive ratingfour im hoping for bug fixes.
lensixteen ratingone it makes my phone freeze, it just deleted all of the money and gems i had.
lensix ratingfive i think this game is niiice
lenthirteen ratingfive i'm better at this one than the first one!i love it!
lenfour ratingfour fun, just missing something´
leneleven ratingone makes it difficult to progress any further than the first turn.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo i absolutely love playing this on my friends phones, i would play it on mine, but it crashes when it starts up.
lentwelve ratingfive better than temple run its graphics are cool and has grate action
lentwentyfour ratingfive works like a charm on my samsung infuse 4g running android 4.2.1 with a hummingbird single core processer clocked @ 1.2 gh temple run just got way better.
lenfourteen ratingfour this game is awsome i like the new format compared to the first version
lenthree ratingfive raw brush bru
leneleven ratingfive even more addictive then the 1st one but still a great game
lentwo ratingfive truly amazing
leneight ratingfive really fun and even better than temple run 1!
lenfour ratingthree this game is amazing!
leneleven ratingthree all the  coins i've earned were wiped away and gone.
lentwentyseven ratingthree keep in mind i have not purchased any upgrade upgrades yet ): when i went to setting to change the quality, i can't get out of settings.
lenten ratingthree the back button responds but does not take me back.
lentwelve ratingthree it sucks bc the game is amazing just the glitches are unfortunate.
lenthirteen ratingthree if this wasn't a problem i would of rated a full 5 stars ):
leneight ratingfive temple run 2 is awesome!you can ride minecart.
lennine ratingfive i love what you did to make the game.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo the game crashes as soon as i try to play on my optimums 3d this needs to be fix i'm not the only one
lensix ratingfive me and my homies love it.
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing!
lensixteen ratingfive this seriously is the best game ever my highest score is 13,696,496.way better then the first.
lenfour ratingfive deserves 6 out of 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfive nice sequel
lentwentythree ratingfive da temple run was da best game but da temple run 2 is extraordinary best by imangi gr8 graphics more difficult and much more adventure.
leneleven ratingfour i think i need to stop playing this game so much!
lenthirteen ratingfour i literally had a dream last night that i was in this game.
lenfive ratingone dont work in lg optimus
lentwelve ratingone on my fone its gets so big and i cant play it
lenfive ratingfive this is my favorite game.
lenseven ratingfive it took ages to upload it though.
lenfour ratingfive excellent love this game :)
lennine ratingfive i love tuis game it is so fun son
lenfour ratingfour little glitchy but fun
lensix ratingfive way better than the first addicting
lenfour ratingfour awsome game love it.
lensixteen ratingthree if yr use to playn temple run 1 thn yea bt it quite good wit da graphics
lentwo ratingfive addicting game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfour good game, but please make a slider to adjust tilt sensitivity, always die in the minecarts -.-
lenseven ratingfive great little way to waste ones life
leneight ratingfour fun game like the first, but nothing amazing.
leneleven ratingfive luv it :d and the best part that it's free
lenfourteen ratingfour like it freezes for quick moments, but those quick moments cause me to die!
lenthree ratingfour samsung galaxy proclaim
lenfour ratingfive this game is boss
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
lenfive ratingfive like this one better than 1
lenfour ratingfive this game is tight
lentwo ratingfive pure   awesomeness
leneleven ratingfive i love this game addictive and a big improvement in graphics.
lennine ratingone after freezing on the first screen it just crashes.
lenthree ratingone motorola triumph bug?
lenfive ratingfive this game is so amazing.
leneleven ratingfive i thought number 1 was great, but this is a must download!
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game.
lenthirteen ratingfour too addicting but sometimes it tries to turn instead of jump or slide
lenthree ratingfive graphics are great.
lennineteen ratingfour i love this game, but every time i try to use a 'save me' the game freezes and closes.
lenten ratingfour realy good i like it more the the frist one
lenthree ratingfive easy to understand.
lensix ratingfive a great game for entertaining children.
lennine ratingtwo but most of the time it lags pretty bad.
leneleven ratingtwo loved the game at first but then it started jackin up
lentwo ratingthree nice additions.
lentwelve ratingthree tilt could be more sensitive but overall it's great and free!
leneight ratingone screen is magnified on lg optimus l3 please fix
leneight ratingfour really, just don't understand the saving aspect!
lentwentyeight ratingfour i love the overall features of the game but whenever i'm doing a run, it tends to be laggy and the lag causes me to die lol.
leneight ratingfour maybe can you guys get rid of it.
lenfive ratingfour i really like this game.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour i would give it five stars but it has very late reactions sometimes that cause me to die and it seems as if the game gets stuck or something pls fix it.
lenten ratingthree i can barely get passed 500 meters without lagging to death.
lennine ratingfive brilliant game great to pass time and highly addictive
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenten ratingfive if you loved temple run 1 you'll love temple run 2!
lennineteen ratingfour temple run 2  is better than the first i really  like how in stead of 4,5 monkeys its one big monkey
lenseventeen ratingfive minor glitches but they don't affect gameplay and i'm sure they will be fixed soon.
lenfour ratingfive is an awesome game
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game!:):):)
lenseven ratingfour it is morwe fun than first one.
lenthree ratingone won't start
lentwo ratingfive wow yea
lensix ratingfive this game is sooo much fun.
lennine ratingfive if you liked the first one youll love this.
leneleven ratingfive best game ever graphics look way better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive amazing just top class.
lentwenty ratingone every time i want to play it, it goes into the game and then goes back to my home screen.
lenfive ratingone don't waste your time!
leneleven ratingthree i died because of this and i almost got 7 million points!
lennine ratingthree i dont like how the new object system works.
lenfourteen ratingthree its still a fun and addicting game to play with but just needs improvements.
lentwo ratingfive great atmosphere!
lennine ratingfive temple run2 is the best of all the other games
lenthirteen ratingthree game often crashes particularly when using the save me option when you die.
lentwo ratingthree 5 stars otherwise.
lenten ratingthree other than that a great follow up to the first.
lenfive ratingfive its a really kool game
leneight ratingfive that's all i need to say 5 star
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game it is 10＝ better then the first temple run.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's way bettet than the regular temple run and you get free dimonds
lentwo ratingfive gnarly game
leneight ratingone i can't install on my htc desire.
lenfourteen ratingtwo same objective in level 8, one bar moves one is stuck, 5,000,00 coins one, please fix
lentwo ratingone temple run 2
lenseven ratingfour it has been lagging on ately tf?
lenthree ratingfive addicting.point blank
lentwenty ratingfive it is so fun temple run 1 is fun is fun but number 2 is  so much fun hope they make  number 3
lenseventeen ratingfive even better than the first but i have one question.why does the amount of coins change?
lentwentyone ratingfive one moment it'll say i have 5,000 coins and the next it'll say i have 300.i don't get it.
leneight ratingthree this game is better then the first one
lentwentyfour ratingfour i would give it a full 5 stars, but sometimes the app freezes and i can't play again after i've visited the menu.
lentwenty ratingfour i would i have to completely exit and end the app in my task manager before it can run properly.
lenfifteen ratingfive anyway we could get an update to resume the game after pausing and leaving app?
leneighteen ratingfive this game has great graphic and it's a great game i prefer you to install this game
lenten ratingtwo ok i've never fell in love with this game.
lenfortyfive ratingtwo if you turn to late you fall and die the venues are better but there's only two, i like the new adventures its tough trying to buy them though the game has always been annoying with the coins and controls so there for.ah.
lenfour ratingfour 10 times better than first.
lentwentytwo ratingfour but still, while playing, the framerate drops to about 23 (on a fu***ng asus tf infinity), even though the graphics are stunning.
leneleven ratingfour either make a thd version or optimize better for a tablet.
lenten ratingfour even if you don't, i'll still continue playing.
lenfourteen ratingthree it would be great and worth 5 ￥'s if it didn't skip mid game.
lenfive ratingthree it fouls up my game
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is awesome i love there absolute  no problems and i love it
lenfour ratingfive very amazing & addictative game!
lentwelve ratingthree i enjoyed this game even more than the first, while it worked.
lenfifteen ratingthree i was only able to play it once, then it would not open up again.
lensix ratingthree even tried deleting and reloading it.
lenthree ratingfive freakin awesome game
lenfortytwo ratingtwo i loved temple run 1, and i love temple run two except for the fact that it lags on my phone, and a lot of the time when i jump or swipe left or right, the game does not respond and i lose.
lenseventeen ratingfive way better easier to get coins and distance the only thing making it hard is the spee
lenthree ratingfive omg so fun
lenfour ratingfive great app, must download.
lensix ratingfive great game better than the first
lenfour ratingfive so amazing and fun
lenseven ratingfive much better than the original temple run
leneleven ratingfour nd i waited alot for this.thank u imangi.good luck
lensix ratingfive run perfectly on my htc evo 3d.
lentwo ratingtwo temple run 2.
lenthree ratingtwo or temple fin 2!
lenfortynine ratingtwo not as highly addictive as the first one, but is still great fun, besides from the horrendous lag in the game, it is quite good, but personal note imangi "bring out an update for the game so theres less lag, then i might possibly put it up a star"
lensix ratingtwo yours sincerely your daily neighbourhood blogger.
lenthree ratingfive swipe and play.
lenseven ratingfive it is easy and full of fun
lensixteen ratingtwo i see everyone play it and it looks cool, but it wont load on my phone :(
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2!
lentwenty ratingthree would have been great but it has a horrible glitch that closes the game when i try to save myself :(
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lenfive ratingfive great concept keep it up
lenten ratingfive simply its the best addicting game i keep playing it
leneighteen ratingfive seriously i felt i am running no chance very very fantastic game i hope pls make temple run 3.
lenthree ratingfive luv dis game.
lensix ratingfive this game is great!its amazing!
lenseven ratingfive more addictive than temple run 1, so fun!
lennine ratingfive havent played it yet but looks difficult and great
lennine ratingfive uunbelievable experiance.this os far better than temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive goodd work imangi studios.
lenfour ratingfive waiting for temple run 3.
lenseven ratingfive brilliant better than 1st one i play loads!
lensixteen ratingfive this is awesome (i dont really know cus i didn't play yet lol) anyway awesome!
lensix ratingfive very good and awesome enjoy it
lensix ratingfive yet again an excellent featured game.
lenten ratingfive accurate in resolution,excellent in graphics and marvellous in scenaries.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenten ratingfive imangi studios well done we are waiting for more games.
lennineteen ratingthree it played well at first but now each time i die it freezes and then starts a new game.
lenfour ratingthree i loose my progress.
lentwelve ratingthree its super frustrating, so i been sticking with temple run 1 until fixed.
lenfive ratingfour good just a little lag
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lensixteen ratingfive brilliant, didn't think it could be made any better, but you surpassed my expectations, fantastic.
lenthree ratingfive js one word."
lensix ratingfive really great and lots of fun.
lentwelve ratingfive hard part is trying to get my phone back from the kids
lenthree ratingfive awesome simply awesome
lensix ratingfour will improve over the next versions.
lenthree ratingfour nice work imangi!
lenthree ratingfive iloveeeeeer dis app
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive awesome sequel!
lenten ratingone it just shows the opening picture then it force closes.
lenfifteen ratingone i dont know what the heck are those false reviews saying its good for playing.
lensix ratingfour but laggy on my xperia active @@
lenfive ratingfive this is fanstatic, really enjoying.
lenfour ratingthree otherwise 5 star fix it
lentwentytwo ratingfive temple run1 was good but when i play temple run2 it was to execllent i hop that temple run3 will to excellent,good and  fantastick
lennine ratingone after freezing on the first screen it just crashes.
leneighteen ratingone i imagine its a good game, i really enjoyed the first one, but i can't even play.
lensix ratingone perhaps its a motorola triumph bug?
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive not lag in my sensation.
lentwentyfive ratingthree this is a fun game but it lags a lot.needs a update.when there's no more lag ill change the rating to 5 stars
lentwelve ratingfour umm the sides and path color is confusing wid coins color sometimes .
lentwo ratingfour otherwise nyc .
lenfive ratingfive wooo┛oooooooop this is awesomely adicting peeps
lentwo ratingfive top game
lennine ratingone i purchased an in game item called coin doubler.
leneight ratingone when i bpught it,  it was not workibg.
leneight ratingone it totally didnt do anything with my game.
lentwenty ratingone i thought it would take time to take effect so i kept on playing for an additional hour but nothing.
lentwentyseven ratingone i asked google play for a refund but unfortunately they cannot do anything about it since its ingame and i need to contact us he developers instead.
leneleven ratingone they gave me the website where i can contact the developers.
lenten ratingone so i emailed them and i still have no reply.
lenfive ratingone i wnt my money bc
lennine ratingfive i can play it all day.its so addictive.
lenthree ratingfour fun but hard.
lentwo ratingfour nice game
lenthirteen ratingfour but when you try to ise the save me button the game crushes.
lennine ratingfour a little work and this game will be perfect!
lentwentyone ratingfour could work on the meter and how it works when you pick up a magnet while you already have it engaged.
lenfour ratingfive i love addicting hard.
lenfive ratingfive i get very irritated lol
lenfifteen ratingfive i like that thing it has 4 zip what do you like part of temple run 2
lenseven ratingfive nice and good game and time pass
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive i like the addition of the mine train.
leneight ratingfive better than most games out on mobile devices
lenthree ratingfive temple run ii
lenfourteen ratingfour thiss game is very nice i love it but it sticks in my phone.
lenten ratingtwo graphics was good.but not so handy as first editiin
lensix ratingfive significant improvement over temple run one .
lentwenty ratingfive i am very excited to play this game.its lot of fun .we hope that temple run 2 is great success. .
lentwentythree ratingfive it's tons of fun, the controls are not as responsive as the first game though, it could just be my phone idk
lenfour ratingfive game makes me hornie
lensix ratingfour first one was great second better
lentwo ratingfour excellant enjoying :)
lenfour ratingfive dis game is amazing.
lenfour ratingfive waitung for temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenten ratingfour it is fun and much better than the first one.
lenten ratingfour but i can't take a screenshot of the game.
lenten ratingfour please fix that and then i'll give it 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game as always .
lenseventeen ratingthree the game gets really laggy and sometimes doesn't register when you move your finger please fix
lentwentyeight ratingfive the new version of temple run two is really nice, but i would like to suggest you one thing that kindly add something more thriller in this game.!
lensix ratingfive this game is straight up fire!
lenthree ratingfive awesome fun game
lenthree ratingfive hard but, fun
lensixteen ratingfive this is way better than the first but when playing music there is a little delay
lentwelve ratingfive the best game i have played on play store.i love it.
leneight ratingfive love to play.great game with fabulous graphics.
leneight ratingfive very fluid and a fun game to play.
lenten ratingfive side to aide tilt not as touchy as the 1st game.
lenfourteen ratingfive so you do look a little dumb turning and twisting your phone in class.
lenfive ratingfive but still a great game.
lenseven ratingfour temple run is great i love it!
leneight ratingfive the most amazing game ever played by me .
lenfour ratingthree not easy to play
lentwelve ratingfive the ropes.mine cart and u can save urself wit a gem.
lenthirteen ratingfive u guys should add a leadeevoard so we can see peoples high scores
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentyseven ratingthree i enjoy the ability to tweak them, but you've taken away the ability to tweak the sensitivity, as well, which made the first one much better.
lenthirtysix ratingthree a couple of bugs: sometimes when using the boost it boosts you right off the edge, the achievements sometimes have to be completed twice, and there is a large amount of lag causing unresponsiveness at times.
lentwentyeight ratingthree the way the achievements and controls worked were much better in the first game, though no one can deny that this one looks better and is more fun.
lenfourteen ratingtwo won't load right have the time and is laggy on my droid triumph
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
leneight ratingone took over an our to download very poor
lenfour ratingone i dont like it.
lentwelve ratingone the graphics make me feel sick and the sensitivity is really bad.
lenten ratingone when i wanna turn it wont let me do it.
leneleven ratingone btw if u have motion sickness do not install this app.
lensix ratingone so rubbish like first one better
lenseven ratingfive excellent graphics, much better than temple run 1 .
lenthirteen ratingfive love to be on this game only .all stars to the game.wow:-)
lenseven ratingtwo it's not counting all my coins.
lensix ratingtwo disappointing cause i love temple ten 1.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i have over it not counting coins over 2000 coins i haven't bought any thing to use the coins please fix
lentwelve ratingfour the game force closes whenever i want to use a "save me".
lenthree ratingfour its pretty aggravating.
lenseventeen ratingfour fun game, especially with the addition of new elements to make the game as fun as possible.
lenthirteen ratingfour also the tilt controls become unresponsive at times causing really annoying early deaths
lenfive ratingfive i had fun playing this.
lenthree ratingfive hep hep hurray!
lensixteen ratingtwo too many glitches.movement probs.cannot slide well.if i slide towarda d sides.it jumps!
lentwelve ratingfive originality can be improved only by the original makers of a concept!
lentwo ratingfive 100000 times better.
lenten ratingfive im telling u people to buy this cuz it rocks.
lenseven ratingfive more exciting and more stuff to do.
lenfour ratingfive better graphics too.:-) :-) :-) :-):-d
lentwentythree ratingtwo this tr2 was so addicting, but it's usually force close whenever i choose te save me, and my gem turn to 0 even minus.
lenfour ratingfive you people always rock!
lentwentytwo ratingthree on droid x2 it lags so much at times it is unplayable but other times it is fine that is my only problem
lenfifteen ratingfour the only two issues is lag in some parts and camera function is a challenge
lensix ratingfour awesome game having lots of fun!
lenseven ratingfive i enjoy every bit of playing it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive game yang super sekali
lensix ratingfive must download and the best game
lennineteen ratingfour there is a glitch with the boost where if your boost ends towards the end of a rope swing.
lenfifteen ratingfour once your invincibility stops you keep going insanely fast which is pretty much instant death.
lensix ratingfive plzzz play this game for tp
lentwentyone ratingone i bet its awesome but it wont let me play , all it does is stay in the first screen the big "
leneleven ratingfive its a enjoyeble n entertaning game.everyone should get this game.
lentwo ratingfive mto bao
lenseventeen ratingfive what a great game and well done on the graphics and the challenges are well thought out.
lensix ratingfive gak kalah asik sama subway surf
leneight ratingfour temple run 2 has improved a lot, endless fun
lenten ratingfour wish they would have been a bit more creative though.
lentwelve ratingfive best game ever i have ever played very good i mangi studios
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenfifteen ratingone i played this game alot and suddenly one day the game data was reset automatically.
lenseven ratingone i want my 24lac score and coins asap
lenfive ratingtwo not better than subway surfer!
lensix ratingfive very addictive game 5 stars from me
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneight ratingfour this game is very fun in many ways!.
lentwenty ratingfour your running through multi-terrain paths, gliding down zipwires and hopping into a mine cart going through a rundown cave.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour i have been encountering a few problems the first one was whilst running along the paths around 4000m+ there is usually 2-4 objects all in a row making it impossible to jump over unless your using boost.
lentwentyseven ratingfour another is when you trip on an object you usually cannot jump for 2 seconds and there is another object right next to the other making you die.
lenseven ratingfive highly recommended to everyone at any age.
lenfour ratingfive love it download noww
lenfour ratingfive great such a challenge!
leneleven ratingfive much better than first game even though i liked that one.
lenfive ratingtwo sensitivity to tilt is low .
lenfifteen ratingtwo and timings to jump and collect abilities/gems etc is bad compared to temple run 1 .
lenfourteen ratingtwo and the rail road is a good addition too .coins dissapear every 2-3 new runs .
lenthree ratingtwo cant upgrade abilities !
lenten ratingfour my one gripe is the huge gorilla/vulture hybrid thingie.
lentwelve ratingfour other than that, it works great, looks spectacular, and is properly addictive!
lenfour ratingfive superb awesome love it
lensix ratingfive awesome,very advantage in this game
lenseventeen ratingfive it's similar to the first one but it's an amazing gain to pass time with
lentwentysix ratingfour only if you could get rid of the annoying delayed time frame which i faced in temple run also, this app gets my all thumbs up.
lenfour ratingfive waaaaay better than before.
lenfive ratingfive and sleeker feel to it.
lentwo ratingfive super graphics!
lenthirteen ratingthree it lags a lot and its not as smooth as it should be.
lenfour ratingfive i love dis game
lentwo ratingfive better graphics
lensix ratingfive nice consept, waiting for more advance.
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lensix ratingfour it just needs more graphics quality .
lentwo ratingfive great app.
lenfour ratingfive ok game but cool
lenthree ratingone a little laggy
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a good but hard game u really have to focus on the game
leneleven ratingtwo the graphics have improved with this game, but not much else.
lentwelve ratingtwo the controls are too sensitive allowing no room for error or adjustment.
lenseventeen ratingtwo please improve certain things here and there to make a game worthy of the name temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i love this as much as brave.
lensix ratingfive the more they add the better.
lentwo ratingfour time killer
leneleven ratingfive amazing graphics, effects and seems more realistic than the previous one.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!
lensixteen ratingthree sumtyms crashes wen i use a gem 2 save myself.plzz fix it n also d lag
lenten ratingfour great game,but graphics overtakes play.otherwise i wish 5 star
lentwo ratingfive great sequel
lentwo ratingfour birthday gift!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive love its the best temple run eva
lennine ratingfive the game is very good and excellent time pass.
lenseven ratingfive again if you play it lot then.
lensix ratingfive slowly you will start getting bored.
lenfive ratingfive the best temple run ever.
leneighteen ratingfive wow i didn't think they could top off the first game , but they sure pulled it off .
lenfive ratingfive excellent game , a must have !
lenthirteen ratingfour about on-par with the first, but with better music and bigger monkeys.
leneleven ratingthree the game still suffers from the one thing the first does.
leneight ratingthree the game lags after 5 minutes of continuous play.
lentwentynine ratingthree even to the point where it doesn't jp or.slide.when you tell it or makes.odd angled slides or jumps off the sides ending a good run.
lenten ratingthree or even blinking and pausing the game at bad places.
lensix ratingthree please try to fix these issues.
leneight ratingfive love this game, way better then the first.
lenten ratingfive i can't wait till the 3rd, if they make one.
leneight ratingfive good job .more difficult.looking forward to gr8 updates
lenfour ratingfive like the new features
lenthirteen ratingfive the game is very well designed to keep u busy playin for hrs.
lenthirteen ratingfive bt g the end of the day the scores stay in ur fone.
lenthree ratingfive no fb sync.
lensix ratingfive u cn just tweet ur score
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lensix ratingfive run perfectly on my htc evo 3d.
lenfour ratingfive this is excellently developed.
leneight ratingfive i wasn't much fan of first part.
lenthree ratingfive great work guys.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour it is a great improvement over the first one and has a lot of new fun elements .its just that the motion sense needs to br worked hard sometimes to respond otherwise its a 5 star!
lenfour ratingfive absolutely love this game!
lenfifty ratingone it has this annoying bug that sometimes when died and you want to resurrect with gem it just drops out of the game and game restarts without submitting your achievements and scored of that last game and also more disturbing distracting gems used in that game from your overall gem.
lenten ratingone so not gonna play again until new version comes out
lennine ratingfour but, always starts from starting  1s failed :((( pls fix that.
lensix ratingfour very addictive but annoying when frozen
lentwo ratingfive co?oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllll
lenfour ratingfive it is nice game .,
lenthree ratingfive fricking a mazing
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive you cannot put your tablet when you play it.
lenfive ratingfive its definitely a must download.
lenseven ratingfive make it better by new game modes
lentwelve ratingfive much better than the first which would become monotonous after a while.
lenten ratingfive i have samsung galaxy s 3 and it was working best.
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome!
lennine ratingfive but in someways the first temple run is better! :-)
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 is great.
leneleven ratingfive some times its a bit wonky but everything else is fine
lensix ratingfive the best game i've played.
lentwentyeight ratingfive great game definitely better than the first one but it gets a bit laggy when you get quite far into the game but that is a small issue
lensix ratingfive its so.much harder by fun
lentwo ratingfour amazing game!
lentwentytwo ratingfour way way better than 1.i personally prefer it to the first one, a bit more sensitivity tweaking and you'll have 5 stars.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseventeen ratingone not loading to the game just returns to home page and doesnt let me play game- rubbish
lenseven ratingfive graphics and new obstacles are really interesting.
lenfifty ratingfour this is an excellent sequel,great graphics and same fast paced gameplay but it needs some fine-tuning.more responsive controls especially tilt function,a senstivity option,make the monkey less obstructive,remove the railcart section as it is unoriginal (rail rush) and not very fun since tilt isnt fast.
lentwelve ratingfour fix these issues and its a perfect sequel.i'll 5 star then.
lentwentytwo ratingfour update: some bugs also need to be fixed like running at boost speeds after it has finished,impossible obstacles,same objectives appearing.
lenfive ratingfive what a start temple run.
lenseven ratingfive i love how much smooth it is.
lennineteen ratingfive after playing the game i was thinking what a big jump they made from temple run 1 to temple run 2.
lentwentyeight ratingfive but during the game play if the day & night would be change automatically then it ll be the greatest charm for sure edit: back button now works perfectly.
lensix ratingfive changed my score from 3 to 5 stars.
lenfour ratingfive you guys deserve it.
lenten ratingfour great game overall except for tilt control you could improve
lennineteen ratingfour this is good love it but i like the first one more and it takes quite lone to load
lenseven ratingfive awesome app i am loving it.:-d
lenfive ratingfive perfect game  love the both
leneighteen ratingfive i am so glad this works as smoothly on android as on apple devices.unlike the first one.
lenfour ratingfive really njoy this game!
lenseven ratingfive like other said, better than earlier version.
lenthirteen ratingfour i like some of the new additions like the railroad and the rope.
leneleven ratingfour but i would have liked something like a mission or something.
lennine ratingfour but it seems laggy compared to the first version
lenthirteen ratingfour my coins keeps on reducing as soon as i make an another run.:-/
lenseven ratingfour better then first one i love it
lenfive ratingfour good but subway surfers demolishes
lenseventeen ratingthree the game is good but 9 times outta 10 when i use a save me it closes the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive added features to an already great game, make this a sure fire winner
lentwelve ratingone it's a bullshit on qvga ;o buttons are on all screen. :/
lensix ratingfive much improved from the old version
lenfifteen ratingfive love it so fun i like how there's only one monkey thing instead of 3
lenseven ratingfive now if can finnaly play this game
lenseventeen ratingfive this is worth installing its better then temple run 1 but its so hard its still awesome though
lensix ratingfour fun game and works almost perfectly.
lensix ratingfour needs a confirmation when buying items.
lenfifteen ratingfour there have been numerous times i'd accidentally buy a power up just by scrolling.
lennineteen ratingfour also there's an occasional glitch which uses my gems for a second life even if i press skip
lensix ratingfive beautifully enhanced from the first version.
lenfive ratingfour this game is so addictive.
leneight ratingfive i love this game better then the first.
lentwo ratingfive fckin awsome
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lennine ratingfive but cant get very far like the first one
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run.
lensix ratingfive the graphics will blow you away.
lensixteen ratingfour i love the game , but now it glitches & makes me die very easily , please fix this.
lenfour ratingfour the game is great!
lennine ratingfour but i still cannot share my score to twitter.
lenfourteen ratingfive it's one of the most exciting and enjoying games i've ever played.
lenfive ratingone not as fun as version 1.
lenthree ratingone seems slow, clunky.
lenthirteen ratingone .the game is nice but it deletes all my data please fix.this
lenten ratingthree if it were a game without music was the best
lenfive ratingfive i freaking love this game
lenten ratingfive if you loved the original you'll love this too!
leneight ratingfive love it every spear minute i play this.:-)
lenfive ratingfive love it they really approved
lenfour ratingthree dont like this game.
lensix ratingthree the original temple run was better.
lensixteen ratingthree its like all the good things from the first one were removed and this was made.
lenseventeen ratingthree the only good thing i can say about it is it has alot of room to improve
lentwo ratingfive great game  .
lenseven ratingfive great graphics too you should try it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfourteen ratingfour the first thing tnat i would like to applaud for is the improved graphics.
lensix ratingfour unfortunately, this comes with a price.
lensixteen ratingfour while the graphics are overall smooth, there is also a noticeable lag as the game progresses.
lenfourteen ratingfour still, i would recommend this game to temple run fans both old and young.
lenthirteen ratingfive game is good but orignal is better.oh well the graphics are cooler!
lenthree ratingfour great for boredom
lentwelve ratingfour great game but its a tiny bit hard to see the turns.
lenseven ratingfour it's a really fun game though!
lenseven ratingfour oh and also its a battery killer.
leneighteen ratingfour i started off full, just took it off the charger then 10 min later after playing i have 46% left!
leneight ratingfour love the game but tilting is the issue.
lenten ratingfour we need to tilt a lot to catch the coins.
lenten ratingfour need to allow us to change the setting for sensitivity.
lenfour ratingfive my best score 990676 yay
lensix ratingfive great game works great on galaxy s3
lenfour ratingfour i love the game.
lenseven ratingfour its very addicting like the first one.
lenseven ratingfive superb graphics and a very addictive game .
lenthirteen ratingfive it's amazing but some glitch's.but other than that its amazing
lenfourteen ratingfour it's like a night & day difference, the developers did a spectacular job with tr2!
lenthirtyfour ratingfour my only complaint & hopefully a simple fix will correct this bug, is after i've been running forever, collecting 1000s of coins, multiple gems & i happen to fall off the edge & use a "save me"
lenthirtyseven ratingfour gem, the game freezes for a moment & the app closes on it's own, when i re-open it, the score, meters ran, gems collected, etc are not accounted for & i lost everything from that good run!
leneight ratingfour it doesn't happen every time but often!
lenfive ratingfive i love the new challenges
lenthree ratingfive its pretty cool.
lenthirteen ratingfour in the first game it always froze and i always died early on.
leneight ratingfour but this one handles them a lot better.
lenfifteen ratingfour when it freezes it moves me to where i should be instead of killing me.
leneight ratingfour still glinting but it's a lot better.
lenseven ratingfour visuals are way better than previous one
lenthirteen ratingthree its good but its really hard to move, its very fragile and sensitive.
lenten ratingthree even the way u sit is setting off guy dangerous.
lentwelve ratingfour that game is simple awesome but it crashed a lot of times :(
lenfour ratingfive works great with nexus 7 .
lentwo ratingfive awesome application
leneleven ratingthree compared with temple run this has a very choppy game play.
lentwentyone ratingthree the graphics are nicely improved and so are the levels though the tilting left/right are also not fine tuned yet.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive yeah budddyyyyyyy
lennine ratingfive but i hate it because there are only 4 players
leneight ratingfive would be great if u have temple 3 too!
lenseven ratingfour way better than the original temple run.
lentwentysix ratingfive this game is way better than the first my only problem with it is that i keep losing all my coins ***i want my coins back****
lenfour ratingfive nice game n graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome update
lenseven ratingfive great sequel to an already awesome game.
lenthree ratingfive brilliant follow up
lennine ratingfive i am probably the greatest person to have lived !
lennine ratingtwo i changed the image clarity from middle to high.
lenfive ratingtwo then later changed to low.
lenthirteen ratingtwo later i changed back to middle and it crashed and had to reinstall.
lennine ratingtwo the game is fun but will it crash again?
lenfive ratingfive this gama is very fun
leneight ratingtwo have to uninstall, can't handle the freezing.
lenthree ratingtwo samsung galaxy proclaim
leneight ratingthree dis version is a bit of hotch potch.
leneight ratingthree may b u tried a litte too much.
lensix ratingthree suggestion: bring leaderboard linked with facebook.
lenseventeen ratingthree thus the game becomes more competitive and people will spend more time to make d highest score
lentwo ratingfive love playin
lenseventeen ratingfive what a great game and well done on the graphics and the challenges are well thought out.
lentwo ratingfive great ame
lenthirteen ratingone the game downloads but when i try to open it the game closes.
lennine ratingone it does not work on my driod x. uninstalled.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive is an awesome game but i think temple run should have different levels like one in the jungle one were he's snowboarding etc. things like that but i love this fun addicting game! :)
lenfive ratingfive so addicted to this game!
lensixteen ratingone the game i self is good but it won't let me turn the tutorial off.
lentwentyfour ratingone also when i die it won't let me go back onto the menu instead it freezes and i have to close the game.
lentwelve ratingone if these problems were fixed then it would be an amazing game
lentwelve ratingfive much better than its predecessor, and the video graphics are truly amazing.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love the fact you can ride on mine carts, while collecting gems.
lenthirteen ratingfive i would definitely recommend this game, as it is an excellent time passer!
lentwentyfive ratingone i was wanting to play it but every time i try to open it, it just gets to the imangi studios picture and shuts down
lenseven ratingone i cant execute it on my fone.
lenten ratingone plrase make it compatible with other devices like htc desire
lenten ratingtwo would be better when the major lag issues are fixed
lentwentyone ratingfour i like how it is way better than the other one,  but it won't let me go side to side.
lenfour ratingfive well worth the wait.
lenseven ratingfive nothing calms me down like temple run.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive done justise to temple run.
lentwo ratingfive solid game
lennine ratingfour only bad thing about this game is the glitches.
lenfourteen ratingfour it cuts off randomly at times making you lose the place you were in.
lennine ratingfour fix the minor glitches and this game would rock!
lensix ratingfive dattssss awesome m sure abt it
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool.
lenthree ratingfive they run, jump.
lenten ratingfive great  game but gets you so mad when you lose!
lenfour ratingfive great game super addictive
lenfour ratingfive thanx to the developer
leneight ratingfive this is (impossibly) an improvement to the origional!
leneleven ratingfive better graphics compared to the first and a lot better powerups!
lenfive ratingfour awesome game but a bug.
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes when i try to use a gem to save a life.
lensix ratingfour the game gets automatically shut down.
lensix ratingfour i am using motorola defy plus.
leneight ratingfour other than that, the game is simply awesome
lenfive ratingfive addictive and good new concept
lennine ratingfive great sequal, with plenty of challenges to test you.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but u could make the points ho fastet and i wish u could keep that green dimond forever so it brings u to alive again
leneighteen ratingthree the game is great but it glitches to much and never registers when i turn,jump, or duck.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfourteen ratingtwo no giant ape behind me and then it just tackles you for no reason.
lennine ratingtwo plus what the hell is wrong with you morons!?
lenten ratingtwo i've seen ten reviews that say "game is unplayable"
lenfourteen ratingtwo free or not this game sucks and all you morons playing it are retarded.
lentwenty ratingtwo it just goes to show how the more people there are doing something the dumber they are as a whole.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwo ratingfive jabardast game.
lentwentyeight ratingthree every time i stop playing for the day and then start playing the next day all my previous purchases and upgrades are gone and it's really irritating.
lentwentythree ratingthree whenever i die or stop the game my coins go down, i went from 5957-876 please fix it but otherwise i love the game :)
lensix ratingfive beautiful graphics and same excellent gameplay
lenthree ratingfive graphics are ultimate
lenfive ratingthree temple run1 odds better than this
lenfourteen ratingfive a great update on the previous game and makes it so much more exhilirating!
lentwenty ratingtwo i got the game and bought some coins (50000) and even after 3 hours from purchase i didn"t get the coins.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome
lentwenty ratingfour i think it is a great game it is not perfect perfect but i would reckon this would deserve 4 stars!
lennine ratingfive very improved from temple run 1 and enjoying this app :-)
lentwentytwo ratingfour tr2 is fun to play bit there are a few bugs on razr max that cause crashes and need to be worked out.
lenthirtysix ratingfour great game but when coming out of extreme boost if you are on a zip line you don't slow down you come of it at the same speed as if you were in extreme boost.
lenfour ratingfour great graphics and gameplay.
lenseven ratingfour so hooked can't put it down.
lennine ratingfour i bought coin doubler and it doesn't work.
lentwentyfive ratingfour when i jump i fall through the ground, and sometimes when i jump in the air the character thinks he's superman and flies off.
lensix ratingfive love it love it  love it.
lenfour ratingfive good fun and addictive
lenfive ratingfive i couldn't stop playing!
leneleven ratingfive i picked it up and didn't stop for 3 entire hours!
lenfour ratingfive i highly recommed this.
lenfifteen ratingfive fun 3 dimensional game way harder then the first temple run but its worth the download
lenfive ratingthree pretty good, liked first better.
leneleven ratingthree too long for power ups  too much time spent to gain.
lenten ratingfive great game but crashed when i hit the save button
lenseven ratingfive one of the best games on android.
leneight ratingfive keep it up the good work imangi studios.
lenthree ratingfive mast hai bhai.
lennine ratingfive its really amjng, and i really enjoying this game
lensix ratingfour an improvement from the first game.
lenseven ratingthree doesn't run smooth on my att s3.
lenfour ratingthree could use performance enhancements.
lenthree ratingthree gripping game though.
lenten ratingfour but the cliffs really bring me down (no pun intended).
lenthirteen ratingfour maybe have them pop up less often or have a way around them.
lennine ratingfour or maybe there is and i just dont know.
lenthree ratingfive better this time.
lenseven ratingfive but it tends to lag a little
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenten ratingfour but it crashes when i try 2 use save me gem!
lennineteen ratingfour plus it would have been more fun if we could complete more objectives simultaneously instead just 3 at a time.
lensixteen ratingfive omg i love the effects & the scene it's so gorgeous & fun wayyy better then the 1st
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
leneight ratingfour graphics are good, plus its pretty addicting haha.
lensix ratingfour and swipe for the corresponding directions.
lennine ratingfour have fun guys and gals when you download this :3
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lennine ratingfour love the graphics they are top of the line!
lenthree ratingfour challenging and engaging.
lentwo ratingfour great job!
lenseven ratingfive guyz thisgame is better than previous version.
lenthree ratingtwo temple run1 was better.
lentwentyfour ratingfour its annoying when you get a boost and your in the middle of a jump or sideway and it stops and you get killed.
lentwelve ratingfive this is one of the only games that i have ever rated.
lenseven ratingfive it is one of my favorite games!
lensixteen ratingfive it is a very addictive game, and it is way better than the original by far!
lentwelve ratingfive they added more and more features that you love when you play.
lenfifteen ratingfour would give 5 stars, but this game freezes and delays during game play on samsung galaxy s2.
leneleven ratingfour otherwise, this game is much more adventurous than the first version!
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenthree ratingfive excellent graphics performance.
lenfour ratingfive great entertainment, very addictive
lentwenty ratingfour has more than first edition some features of old games mixed with temple run brave edition and rail rush game.
lenthirteen ratingfour although still i love classic temple run and next would be subway surfer. :)
lentwo ratingfour nice game .
lentwo ratingfour nice 3d effects
leneight ratingfive a little glitchy sometimes, but overall really good
lentwentyeight ratingone fix the bug guys . .game closes on optimus black .common imangi studios .plz make it run on lg optimus black.fix it and optimus black users giv 5 stars
lentwelve ratingone theres no pov change when u move and u cant jump stuff
leneight ratingfive love it like i love temple run one
lenfour ratingfive just got more exiting
lentwelve ratingfive this one is better then the first and it's alot harder.
lennine ratingone this game isn't working on my htc explorer.
leneight ratingone when you fix it my rating will change.
lentwo ratingfour lovely game.
lenten ratingfive love the first temple run, great job on the second!
lentwo ratingfive sick game
lenfive ratingthree this game is freaking amazing.
lensix ratingthree i can't stop playing it.
lentwentyfive ratingthree when you fall and hit save me, sometimes the game just closes, and you lose everything, including the gem that was supposed to save you!
lenthirteen ratingthree it's ruined my high score and completing really hard objectives numerous times!
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run
lentwentyseven ratingone the gamee is very fun but it forcee closes all the timee! :// it made mehh mad becausee this is a really good gamee but it keeps closing!
lennine ratingfive wat a great game and am getting better lol
lennine ratingfive i love this game so addicted get this game
lenfifteen ratingone swipe to go left or right but instead of going left or right it jumps
lensix ratingfive lots of fun for many hours.
lenten ratingfour you should add 'sensitivity' option like in the first game.
leneleven ratingfour other then that, game is way better then the first one.
lenthirtyone ratingfour i for one love the temple run games i espically love this one since it has more features added in but i rate it a 4 because it forcecloses time to time.
leneleven ratingfour will rate it a five star when u fix that problem.
lentwentyeight ratingone can't believe this smh i tried to install it twice nd it gets stuck on the begeining green i screen then force closes i have a 5k sidekick 4g
lentwelve ratingfour sometimes it lags a little but overall its a fairly decent game.
lenthree ratingfive great game 5 stars
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love everything about this game- attention to detail, easy to learn, high replay value.look, just download and try it out!
lennineteen ratingfour awesome except it won't let me collect more that 2,000 coins anytime i get close to 3,000 it starts over >.<
lenseven ratingfour its the best fun game sooo far
lenthree ratingfour compare to tr 1 .
lenseven ratingfour 2 exp is ossam and nice to play.
lenten ratingfive temple run was amazing but temple run 2 is even better!
lentwo ratingfive osm app
lenseven ratingfour really good but alot of pop ups.
lentwentysix ratingfive game is very smooth n nice looking , frist one was very good n ths is amazing very very vry great game  i like this too much
lenfour ratingfive superior  super  wonderful  excellent
lenfive ratingfive absolutely addicted to this game.
lentwo ratingfive five stars!
lenfour ratingfive better than previous one.
lenfive ratingfive my tilting keeps on stoping.
lenfour ratingfive five stars for fixing
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run.
lentwenty ratingfour the only negative thing i have to say is the bug at high scores, but other than that stellar game!
lenten ratingfive el jay this game is awesome and my favorite game.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2!
lenseven ratingfive it is great game  the bestest game
lenseven ratingfive wow this is the best game ever!
lentwo ratingfive superb game .
lenthree ratingfive nd its free :))
lenfive ratingfive the game is more 3d now
lentwo ratingfive super game!
lenfour ratingfive better than earlier one.
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics
leneleven ratingfive this new version of temple run is more challenging and exciting.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are toooooo good.
lenfifteen ratingone i was playing and the game gliched and i lost all my coins upgrades everythung
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneighteen ratingfive although the game play is a little different than tr1, tr2 is a lot of fun and very aesthetically pleasing.
lennine ratingfive great upgrade for those that love the first game!
lenthree ratingfive with great graphics
lentwo ratingfour addicting game.
lensixteen ratingthree it keeps stopping and restarting when i reach higher scores and when i save my life.
lensix ratingthree then my gems go to waste.
lensixteen ratingfive i really enjoyed the first temple run and this has visually improved by leaps and bounds!
lenten ratingfour the game randomly glitches and then cause you to die.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great app.
leneighteen ratingthree i think this is way harder but better graphics and on my phone takes too long to load
lennine ratingfive a lot fun application of the year for me.
lenfive ratingfive love this game.absolute exhilarating.
lentwo ratingfour great game
leneight ratingfive it's an amazing game try it now ;)
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is keeps on getting better love it i would give it 10 stars if i could
lentwo ratingfive hey guys.
lenten ratingfive after playing this awesome game i got a high score.
lentwelve ratingfive can you share what is highest score you got it until now.
lennine ratingfive the better u get the more fun it is!
lenseven ratingfour very good game and also very addictive
lentwentythree ratingfour jocul e foarte tare .insa mi se intampla de multe ori ca atunci cand mor dau 'save' se blocheaza jocul si se inchide!
lenfive ratingfive great update to a classic.
lenfour ratingfive the petfect mobile game!
lenfive ratingone sticks on the loading screen
lenfive ratingfive dis game is awesome man!
lenthirteen ratingthree it works well but gets stuck when i need to exit. -samsung galaxy s3
lennine ratingfive it really lives upto the expectations as temple run 1.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive i will give it five stars.
lennine ratingthree not so much good it need more new adventures
lenfour ratingfour and too nice game
lentwentyfour ratingthree it crashes on my phone eventually and then it wont work again so i reinstall it, but other than that great game and graphics!
lenfive ratingfive if u havent, download now!
lentwentyone ratingthree thanks for finally bringing this game to android,  but theres a couple problems with it still that need to be addressed.
lenfourteen ratingthree whenever i die it freezes and can't be played until it gets restarted.
lentwentythree ratingthree also im not sure if im the only one experiencing this but every time i start playing it goes through the tutorial again.
lenthree ratingthree its incredibly annoying.
lenfive ratingthree i have an htc evo 3d
leneight ratingfour downloaded this game and played for some time.
lenfive ratingfour didn't experience much lag.
lenthirteen ratingfour however i would advise people not to move this app on sd card.
lentwo ratingthree nice game.
lenthirteen ratingthree but its only problem being dat its a sequel to d first game.
lenfourteen ratingthree nice try at new innovations, but too much of them make the game confusing.
lenfour ratingthree enjoyed temple run 1 more.
lensix ratingthree good try, but not dat great.
lensix ratingfive i hv ever played in my note2
leneight ratingfour better than original usually that does not happen!
lentwentythree ratingfive this is by far the best game i ener played the first temple run was ok but this one is so much better
lenfourteen ratingfive i luvd it the new 3d world and gems all made it an awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive perfect built.great new graphics.
lenfour ratingfive good going imangi studios
lenten ratingfour glitches alot plz fix other than that its pretty good
lenfourteen ratingfour you thought the first one was addicting, well this one is twice as addicting
lentwo ratingfive awesum graphics.
leneight ratingfive on d downside tilting sensitivity is an issue.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.!
lenseven ratingfive hope they come out with a third.!
lentwo ratingfive awsum game.
lenfive ratingfive better than the previous version.
lenthree ratingfive graphics pretty good.
lennineteen ratingfive wasent massive fan of first one but second one has me glued to getting a higher and higher score!
lennine ratingfour good application i suggest  everyone to install this game
lenfive ratingfive amazing new features and gameplay
lentwo ratingfive cool scenes
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive.
lenseven ratingfive n a good entertainment n tp fun
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics :)
lenfourteen ratingfour it can keeps lagging and i have to press my home key to exit.
leneleven ratingthree kinda slow getting into the game and then the game glitches
lenseven ratingfour much more entertaining than the last one.
lentwentythree ratingfour makes me motion sick though since your character moves itself, it also takes a waaaaaay longer time to level up and earn upgrades.
lenfive ratingfive addicting game very well done.
lenten ratingfive please give facebook connectivity to this game like subway surfer.
lenfourteen ratingfive as soon as i got this app, i was on the app every day!
lennine ratingfive not sure if you want to get the app ?
lentwentyone ratingone it show a picture of imangi studio with green i,thn nothing happen,can't even see start pls fix it
lenfourteen ratingfive great game, more advantages than the first temple run and it's pretty fun.
lenten ratingfive new temple, new ways to power up and great challenges.
lensix ratingfive its and all around great game.
lenfive ratingfive perfect way to kill time.
lenfour ratingfive well worth the download.
lenfourteen ratingfive highly addicting, i've been waiting for the second one for a long time.
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lenthirtythree ratingone i'm sure this game is great as i loved the other one but for some reason it's not letting me download it, fix it and i will most probably rate 5 stars
leneleven ratingone i purchased 150 gem but it is not appearing on my game.
leneight ratingfive bloody addictive once you start you carnt stop
lennine ratingfour nice game graphics r much better cmpard 2 temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive fantastic but frustrating
lenthree ratingfour pure sexy sex
lentwo ratingfive shubu ju
lenfour ratingfive love the new features
lennine ratingone it forces close for android galaxy s ! please fix !
lenthree ratingfive fun updated version
lentwo ratingfive superrrrr game
lenseven ratingfive better reaction time for the sharp turns
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenten ratingone temple run was working fine with me, but temple run 2 .
lenfourteen ratingone it only shows the game logo for about 30 to 60 seconds, then it force closes .
lenseventeen ratingfive i just love the levels you have to go through and the different scenery in one game.
lentwentyone ratingfive i'm just not sure how to change my character just yet, but this is the most time consuming game ever
leneleven ratingfive great game super addicting and so much better then the original.
lensix ratingfive great job a must for everyone.
leneight ratingfour challenging a bit and the graphics are awesome .
lensix ratingfour it's a bit confusing though
lentwentysix ratingtwo it's a good game, but the main problem is that the frame gets stuck for a second and continues resulting in me losing the game
lentwo ratingfive coool game
lennine ratingone i purchased an in game item called coin doubler.
leneight ratingone when i bpught it,  it was not workibg.
leneight ratingone it totally didnt do anything with my game.
lentwenty ratingone i thought it would take time to take effect so i kept on playing for an additional hour but nothing.
lentwentyseven ratingone i asked google play for a refund but unfortunately they cannot do anything about it since its ingame and i need to contact us he developers instead.
leneleven ratingone they gave me the website where i can contact the developers.
lenten ratingone so i emailed them and i still have no reply.
lenfive ratingone i wnt my money bc
lenfive ratingfive amazing,  very gripping and addictive
lentwo ratingfive excellent graphics.
lenfive ratingfive very exciting game.get it.
lennine ratingfive game is excellent and the touch is very responsive.
lenfour ratingfive its an amazing game!
lenfive ratingfive it is a great game
lentwentythree ratingtwo after collecting a large amount of coins, gems, objectives and upgrades, the game resets back to the beginning and loses all my progress!
lenthirteen ratingtwo i'm glad i didnt spend any money on the coins and gems!
lenfour ratingtwo otherwise, i love it.
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love this!
lenseven ratingfive awesome game many thanks to development team
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenthree ratingfour addictive, and free.
lentwentyfour ratingfour these are major perks 4 game-lovers, but the only thing i don't like about this one is there's a lot going on.
lenten ratingfour in this second version theirs a lot more possible deaths!"
lenfour ratingfour b ut definitely download
lentwentysix ratingone this app wont even open on my motorola triumph it stays on the logo screen then either restarts my phone or crashes.never got to play
lenthirteen ratingtwo i would love to play this game but it wont open plese fix
lensix ratingfour it's okay but not "wow!".
leneleven ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game more than the first one!
lensix ratingfive they really did an excellent job. .
lenthirtythree ratingthree this game seemed kinda boring the first time i played it, but i wanted to give it another try in case my boring experience was just caused by my unfamiliarity with the game.
lentwentyone ratingthree when i finally got the time to try playing a few more times, the game wasn't getting any more fun.
lenseven ratingthree i liked the first one much better.
lensix ratingthree better quality, better variety of fun.
lensix ratingthree that one is way more fun!
lenseven ratingfive love it even more than the first!
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely loooovvvveeee this game !
lentwo ratingfour simply fantastic.
lenten ratingfour i felt it wasn't fast paced enough for me
lenfive ratingone it makes my nexus 7 crash
lenfive ratingfive never played the 1st temple run.
lentwenty ratingfive i like the good graphics but for small phablet like note2 the pause icon on the right bottom is very annoying.
leneleven ratingfive i always accidentally touch it specially i am a right handed.
leneight ratingfive this is suuuuuper fun, download and try out!
leneighteen ratingfive wayyyy  better then the first.would like to see what the next one looks like.hopefully more obstacles
lenthirteen ratingfive it is true, the control is very very very bad, all of tablet.
lennine ratingfive works great, good quality, great for long car rides.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting!(:<3
lenten ratingfive this game is smooth, good looking, and fun download now!
lenten ratingthree there are still bugs that need to be worked out.
lenfifteen ratingthree sometimes all of the coins that i have collected over several games are completely erased.
lenseven ratingthree also, the game will randomly shut down.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive im addicted!
lenfourteen ratingone keeps crashing and it crashes when i try to use a gem as well.
lentwentynine ratingone temple run 2 is amazing on the ipad, a great game, but for andriod it wrong even start it pulls up logo thing but doesnt play the game it crashes.
lenten ratingone fix it so i can enjoy it on my phone.
lenfive ratingfive love it its so fun
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
leneight ratingfive i love it but the first is better
lenfour ratingfive i kove this game!
lentwenty ratingfive the only bad thing is that i have to turn my phone almost completely over for the guy to move.
lennine ratingfive maybe make it a little more sensitive to movement.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive just great i'm addicted !
lentwentyfour ratingfive could use more content updates but the base game is really pretty fun to play a perfect layout for a perfect to be game
lennineteen ratingfive oh my god this app rock i didt really like the first one but this one is so cool!
lenfourteen ratingtwo same objective in level 8, one bar moves, one is stuck, 5,000,00 coins one, please fix
lentwentyone ratingfour works great with my nexus 7 tablet, eats battery tho, about 1% a man, whereas get loads more battery out of other apps.
lentwentyeight ratingfour can be a little bit laggy at times, even tho i'm using a tegra 3 quad core device, graphics ok, game, very playable, sometimes it accidentally pauses tho
lennine ratingfive great to play way better than the first one .
leneight ratingfive best game out temple run 2 love this game
lentwelve ratingfour good game and graphics but slightly too much difference from last game.
leneight ratingfive much better then the previous version, faster too.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwo ratingfour gutes spiel
lenthirteen ratingfive great, but becomes a little laggy at high quality on sony xperia u
lentwentytwo ratingthree fun game however every time i collect 2500 coins it takes me back to 300 coins so i can no longer up grade things.
lentwentyone ratingone um well when i go onto the game i stay in the menu for 2hours and finally it goes so fix it
lenfive ratingfive simply the best game everrrrrrrrrr! !
lenthree ratingfive never bores ya!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentysix ratingone i have a highscore and when i hit the save me for the 3rd time in one run, it freeze and take me to my home page.
lenten ratingone it happens many times when i hit the save me.
lenfour ratingfive such a great game. :)
lenfour ratingfive much improved and enjoyable
leneleven ratingone i do not like the new format of this game 1 bit.
lensix ratingone the first definitely is much better.
leneight ratingone will not allow me to play at all.
lennine ratingone only the start screen shows up then it closes.
lensix ratingfive i hate that it is great
lentwelve ratingone it didn't work, it just froze on the 'i manget' screen
lenseven ratingfive i love it better than temple run 1
lenfive ratingthree but previous edition s better.
lensixteen ratingfour mine is not moving at all when i tilt it, but that could be my phone.
lensix ratingfour i have a samsung galaxy axiom.
lensix ratingfive better than the original temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfive a little bit of lag here and there but over all its a great game.
lenseventeen ratingthree good sequel but sometimes it crashes as i press the save your life gem so please fix
lensixteen ratingone the game wouldnt let me play on my phone it just off it completly fix it!
lenfive ratingfive more than o have expected!
lenthirteen ratingfour great game, but you have to anticipate turns because of the limited sensitivity.
lenseventeen ratingfour it also crashes on occasion on my droid razr maxx when i try to revive with gems.
lenthree ratingfive its realy cool 1and2
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lenfive ratingfive the quality is so nice
leneight ratingone dont open when i try to open i
lenfifteen ratingfive the sensitivity is a little of sometimes but its great better then the first one!
lentwentyfive ratingfive the only thing is ,and it is all temple runs is sometimes it glitches in the middle of the game which causes you to die.
lentwelve ratingfive otherwise it is good enough for 5 stars all temple runs so far.
lenfour ratingfive even betterbthat tempe run 1!
lenten ratingfour i think temple run 2 is better then the first one.
lenfour ratingfour i like the graphics.
leneight ratingfour i think the upgrade are a little expensive.
lenseven ratingfour the objectives are good and challenging though.
lenseventeen ratingfour overall i like the better than the first one, in just wish a couple things were different.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i love temple run here watching stop in like temple run the first 1 don't really have the like a cool stuff what is pretty cool the characters on temple run to look more  animation
lensix ratingthree the first tempel run was better.
lennine ratingthree i liked this one caus of the new stuff.
lentwelve ratingthree but the run is not as good as the first temple run.
lensixteen ratingone every time i click on this app it shows the green i part then doesnt work.
leneighteen ratingone ive restarted my phone several times and its not working so im uninstalling this until theres an update.
lennine ratingfive fata de primul  temple run este mult mai greu!
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing i love it ^_^
lenfifteen ratingfour awesome so much better then temple run but ive played better games in my day. :)
lensix ratingfive its really fun to play with.
lenfive ratingfive ive got a new tattoo
lensix ratingfive should play this game so awsome!
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a really cool and fun game so plzzz download it coz its unreal
lenthirteen ratingone a can somebody tell me why this game not working on my phone
lenseven ratingfive its d best game i ever played
lensix ratingfive actually you know wan tan soup
lenseven ratingthree bagus sebenarnya,  tp lelet,,loadingnya agak lama.
lenfive ratingthree mendingan yg temple run biasa.
lenfive ratingfive runs so smoothly, love it:)
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game sooooo much and its soooo mucj bettet than the first
lenfifteen ratingthree not that much addictive game any more i still like the original much much more.
lenfive ratingfour good game i like it
lenthree ratingfive i love itt.
lensixteen ratingfour only problem is i keep getting - 1 gems because every time i hit save me it exits
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive totally addictive.
leneighteen ratingtwo my lifetime distance is negative like - 200000000 and i can't get some objectives please fix it for 5 stars!
lenfour ratingfive its a cool game.
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game!
lenfive ratingfour i like dis game alot
lentwelve ratingfive i can't stop playing it, from the moment i downloaded it.
lenthree ratingfive super intriguing game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it the graphics and the theme powerups really good loveee it
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lensixteen ratingthree the controls to tilt are very unresponsive and they seem unnatural as if they are inverted.
lennine ratingthree need some options to change sensitivity and invert controls.
leneighteen ratingfive its a good game but in my gs3 it lags alot idk if its my phone or the game
lentwentyone ratingthree fix bugg , everytime i try to save me it goes straight to my home screen & i have to start all over
lentwentyseven ratingfour this is a great game for time passing,etc. i think they need  to work on the corner bit but apart from that its a class game!
lenseven ratingone it don't load me the game  ;@
lenfive ratingfive the new temple run like.
lenseven ratingfive omg make you wanna slap your momma
lenthirteen ratingfive . but, people on apple keep hacking, and for some reason i have -1 gems
lenthree ratingfour cannot stop playing.
leneighteen ratingfour i am really enjoying it front the graphic to the ironic comments of the explores when they die.
lennine ratingfive its an awsome game and the graphics are great!
lenthirty ratingtwo i loathe game but it lags like crazy and now it wont even open for me it does the beginning load screen then just goes back to my app list
lenseven ratingfour absolutely love the graphics and game play.
lenfourteen ratingfour but there are a few things that still need to be added or changed.
lentwo ratingfour sensitivity control.
lentwelve ratingfour i sometimes feel that it's way to low for my liking.
lentwenty ratingfour when i pickup a power up., and somehow pick up the same one again., instead of starting afresh it continues.
lenten ratingfour also the app sometimes crashes when i try to revive.
lenthirteen ratingfour please update soon and make this game as amazing as the first one.
lenthirteen ratingthree bought a 5 gem pack for .99 and did not receive the gems in game.
lenseven ratingthree rating stays at 3 until gems show up.
lentwenty ratingthree if they don't rating goes down to 1 (sorry) i work to hard for my money, even if its just .99
lentwo ratingfive highly addictive
lentwo ratingfour lags horribly!
lensix ratingthree good graphics n a comfort game.
lentwenty ratingthree great graphics but after the first week i cannot get back on it closes right after it begins to open
lenten ratingfour gooood game but why do i keep losing my keys
lentwo ratingthree awesome sequel.
lensixteen ratingthree only problem is sometimes it force closes after using the "save me"option after a run.
lenthree ratingthree moto razr maxx
lennineteen ratingone i can download it but i cant play it.ummm im confused i can play temple run but not 2
lentwelve ratingfive this is thd funnest cray cray game i have ever played addicted!
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lentwentyfour ratingone the lag on this game is shocking i cant run over 500,000 without it lagging fix it please so i can actually enjoy the game
leneight ratingfour fun and addictive but sometimes slow and glitchy
lenfive ratingfive too much exitement nd fun.
lenseven ratingfive it's. monty python's flying circus!
leneight ratingfive no wait its temple run 2, and its better.
lenseven ratingfour much better than temple run 1, must get :)
lenfourteen ratingfive the great game temple run 2 is best  i o v e it so much
lenfour ratingfour quality game, as expected.
lenthirteen ratingfour however, there still are a few bugs that need to be sorted out.
leneight ratingfour new top game on my phone, great graphics.
lensix ratingfour hoping for added facebook integration :d
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthirtyfive ratingone while the visuals have been upgraded, and game play contains slightly more variety than before, it's still similar to the first in the sense that it's another poorly optimized game for the android.
lenfourteen ratingone the game stutters and is unresponsive, which can mean death most of the time.
lenfourteen ratingone you literally need to tilt the phone sideways to get your character to respond.
lenseventeen ratingfour its a great game and the concept is there but after.about 1000 meters it lags really bad.
leneleven ratingfour i keep loseing all my coins, it restarts like ever 4 games
leneleven ratingfive this game keeps you alot more interested thab the first one
lenten ratingthree it's okay because when i click a "save me"
leneleven ratingthree then sometimes it freezes up and goes to my home screen.
lentwentyone ratingthree then when i go back to the game i owe twice as many gems than i was trying to pay for.
lenten ratingthree fix that then i'll give it a better rating :-).
lentwelve ratingfour wish there were more gems to collect & more ways to earn them.
lenfour ratingfive iits a beast game!
lentwelve ratingfive i like the actual course but the stores a bit messed up
lentwentyfour ratingfive it's runs very smoothly on the highest graphical settings on my one x. overall a great improvement from the already awesome first title.
lenseventeen ratingthree the look and feel of the game and its new trendy graphics and levels are simply outstanding. .
lensixteen ratingthree but sadly.the game hangs or crashes very often once you get to the higher levels.
lenseven ratingthree especially on the upgraded 4.2.1 jelly bean os.
lentwelve ratingthree each crash needed a phone restart to sort out the operation again.
lenten ratingthree too tedious and not good for the phone software either.
lenfortyfive ratingfive great game i thought that they would steal my coins at first but then i realized that it was because i was buy the head start lol but it was because i thought i was earning them but either way i love the new game
lenforty ratingfive i absolutely love it,i honestly think it's so much better than the normal temple run and i was over the moon when i saw that it came on android,best game i've played in a long time
lentwelve ratingthree well it's okay it's a bit difficult on the  eyes
lenfour ratingfive this is sooooo cool!
lenthree ratingfive but xtra gud ;)
lenfifteen ratingfive great graphics i love this game best temple run made yet better than subway surfers
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game
lentwo ratingfive cool app
lensix ratingfive superb timepass and better than first
lentwelve ratingfive this about the best game u can ever play when ur bored
lennine ratingfive this game rocks.similar to the first, yet better.
lenthirtyfour ratingfive it would still be nice if the scenery changed more.alleviates the boredom of seeing the same things in turn alleviates the boredom of feeling like your not getting any wheres.over all awesome!
leneight ratingthree nice graphics and i like the varied environments.
lenfive ratingthree but replay value seems limited.
lennine ratingthree i think coin collection/power up price is off.
lensix ratingthree takes too long to level up.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive great for killing time
leneight ratingfive much better than playing the original.love it
lenthree ratingfive addictive awesome game!
lenseventeen ratingone it doesn't work on my samsung galaxy ace q.  please fix then i will rate 5 stars
lenfour ratingfive love it so fun
lenseven ratingfive horrible game worst games have ever played
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive i can never get the power up during the run.
lenten ratingfive other than my lack of jumping skills it is great!
lensix ratingfive amazinh game play it all day
lentwelve ratingfive game runs smoothly, no issues so far, all fun and good graphics.
leneight ratingfive dowload this because it is sooo epicly brilliant:)
leneight ratingfour slow to start when i open the app.
lentwelve ratingfour i have the galaxy s 3, has anyone else ran into this problem.
lennine ratingfour other than the slow start the game is awesome!
leneleven ratingfive its hard but its sooooo much better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfour move stuff to do
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing!
lenseven ratingfive i can't wait for tr 3 xd.
lenthirtyfive ratingone i'm a big fan of temple run, so at first i got real excited when i saw this, only to find out that the sequel is not compatible with my phone, which is qvga.
lentwelve ratingone please, fix it and you will get a ton of 5 star ratings.
lenthree ratingfive twice as nice
lennine ratingfive you could go by wall,easier snd so cool
lentwentyfive ratingthree i was completely hooked and telling everyone about it until i realized that once i get to a certain amount of coins, they drop off!
leneleven ratingtwo temple run 1 is better in terms of game play and fun .
lentwo ratingfive amasing game
leneight ratingthree needs some tweeking to stop freezes and glitches
lenfour ratingfive this game is cool!
lenfive ratingfour i likes the new temple run2 .
leneight ratingfour fun way of letting the time goes by
leneleven ratingone i open the app and the logo shows then it closes.
lentwo ratingtwo temple run 2
lensix ratingfour good graphics, plays flawless on galaxy s3.
leneleven ratingfour but way too much crap going on for a decent run.
lennine ratingfour mine carts is just flat out dumb to control.
leneleven ratingfour but the truth is i suck at all twmple run games
lenten ratingone it takes to long to download so i hate it
leneight ratingfive the best game eva cant stop playing it
lenfive ratingfive great game, especially for free
lensix ratingone it doesn't work bad game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive fun to play :)
leneight ratingthree great game but temple run 1 is way better
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingone i enjoy temple run very much.
leneight ratingone i have played it for a long time.
lentwentyfour ratingone i was excited for temple run 2 for a while, only to my disappointment to find out that it doesn't work on my phone!
lenseven ratingthree game's great, but has some issues.
lentwenty ratingthree there is currently no way to adjust the sensitivity of the tilt, and the swiping is sometimes slow or unresponsive.
leneleven ratingthree i'm sure it'll be worked out soon with updates.
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent
lenthirteen ratingthree it's very fun but sometimes it won't load and it lags.
lenten ratingthree but its really fun and better than the first one.
lenthree ratingfive better thn 1st one
lenten ratingfive never experienced any problems since i got it last week.
lensixteen ratingfive the display and interface is mind blowing, sometimes i get the chills when i fall - note 2
lentwelve ratingfive omg luv tis game so much its awsome so worth the wait
lennine ratingfive it s superb.i heartly like and enjoing it
lenthirteen ratingfive this is way better but downloaded slow enjoy everybody it is mad cool
lenfive ratingfive can play out for hours!
lenthree ratingthree lag lag lag
leneight ratingfive i love this game it's so fun
lenthree ratingfive temple run fun
leneight ratingfour its ok but i like subway surfers better
lensixteen ratingfour great improvement over the last game but some of the rewards are placed in bad spots.
lenthirtyone ratingfour for example why would there be a magnet at the end of the run so if you jump to get it you fall off a cliff doesn't make much sense.
lenten ratingfour this problem is in many different spots throughout the game.
lentwo ratingfive woow addicted
lentwo ratingfive superb game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfive the graphics are awesome for a phone and it is addictive to play.
lenfive ratingfive don't want to stop.
lenfive ratingthree glitches and lags a lot.
lenthree ratingthree fun game though.
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing.
lensix ratingfive it's rock i love it
lentwo ratingfive asome game!
lenseven ratingfour i like this game so get it
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
leneight ratingfour yeah its a great gane better graffics aswell :)
lennine ratingthree fun game, but some times its a bit unresponsive.
lentwelve ratingtwo i used a headstart and my character ran forward, and only forward.
lentwelve ratingtwo the sooner this issue is fixed, the more i will appreciate it.
lennine ratingfour great game but freezes alot just fix the hiccups
lenfive ratingone got 25+ million, clicked "save me"
lensix ratingone and game crashes without saving anything.
lentwo ratingone wasted time
lenfive ratingfive even better than first game
lensix ratingfive its a very good game xx
leneight ratingfive best of all games i have ever played.
leneight ratingfour good mechanic keeps me playing one more game.
lentwentyseven ratingfive everytime i get far in my objectives it freezez and i cant open it back up so i have to uninstall n intall it back.pleeeassssee fixxxx
lentwo ratingfive badass game
lenthirteen ratingfour its really fun and i like it that u can save their lives
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthirtyfour ratingone it force closes everytime please fix i'm pretty sure its a game but please updated and fix for samsung galaxy s qick untell 1 star really don't thinks it deserve that but hey.
lennine ratingfour needs to fix tilt configuration besides that great game
lenseven ratingfive mixture of miniclip game and temple run
lenfourteen ratingfour when getting off a rope when your boost is gone, the character starts running 100mph.
lenten ratingfour its a really fun but it can use tilting better
lenten ratingone it wont let me play when i click on it.
lenseven ratingone it just goes back to my homescreen.
leneight ratingfive better than the first, which is saying something :)
lenfive ratingfour way better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive addictive game.
lenfour ratingfive works great on evo 3d.
lennine ratingfive once you start it's hard to put down.
lenfive ratingfive excellent ,love it ,and enjoy
lenfive ratingfive kind of hard but fun
leneleven ratingone the app goes to the imangi screen and crashes 10 seconds later
lenfourteen ratingtwo the game is fun but it still had to many bugs to be 5 star.
lentwelve ratingtwo the loading takes too long and you can't mute it (glitched).
lenseven ratingtwo when jumping  over gaps it sometimes glitches
lentwentyfive ratingfour ok u guys did good but temple run 2 is still a lil laggy also its spending my money on stuff i didn't even buy
lentwo ratingfive simply amazing
leneight ratingfive its next nd different level of temple run.
leneleven ratingfive if ur bored wit 1temple run or u enjoyed lot wit it.
lenfour ratingfive download it its great.
lenfour ratingfour this game is great.
lennine ratingfive its the best hooo?ooooopopppooooray it better than   before.
leneighteen ratingone on lg this annoying frame never go｀s away so you can't see what you are doing!
lentwo ratingfive fun game. .
lenten ratingfive great graphics and runs smooth as butter on my nexus 7.
lenninetyeight ratingone dont get this game if u have a motorola triumph it lets u download it but doesnt open at all oh yea and dont get the motorola triumph either it sucks it has to many restrictions on wat u can and cant do on it ,it always is turnin off n the memory sucks the storage amount is so low that if u download 10 apps n want another it will say memmory full wtf i hate it so much the camera is scrachy n sucks so is the video i just really hate myself for buying this mess!
lenfour ratingfive harder, elegant and fun!
leneighteen ratingfive i love this games and if any girls who need a boy friend you now what to do
lentwentyone ratingone i read a ton of reviews about how great it is, but it doesn't work at all on my phone.
leneleven ratingone it downloads, but the second i click on it, it crashes.
lenseven ratingfive this app is very fun and addicting! :-)
lenfifteen ratingfour only problem is the turning near the end where the judgement is becoming a problem.
lensix ratingfour with the sky background in particular.
leneleven ratingfive i loved the first one, but this one is much better.
lentwelve ratingfive the graphics are clearer, and the game is a little more challenging.
lenfive ratingfive the graphics are really epic.
lenfour ratingfive better than temple run.
lenfour ratingfour can't stop playing!
lensix ratingfive like the first one, but better!
lenseven ratingthree ok but temple run 1 is far better!
lenfive ratingthree it's got more people!
lentwelve ratingthree ok the graphics r kinda good on 2 but 1 is better trust me!=)?
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingone lg optimus 3d
lennine ratingfour little more difficult than the first but more action.
lennine ratingthree enjoying temple run 2 but i find its extremely glitchy.
lentwentyeight ratingthree ill be right into a good run and then for some reason there is a delay and i cant make a turn or jump and end up dying.
lenten ratingthree its not quite as smooth operating as the first one.
lensixteen ratingthree i think this needs to be addressed, once fixed the game will be a 5 star hit.
lenthirteen ratingthree please fix this so we will be one step ahead of iphone again!
leneleven ratingthree oh btw please bring back the wings.i need them desperately!
lenseven ratingfive when i thought they couldnt get better
leneight ratingfive one of the best games i've played.
lensix ratingfive so much better than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive thanks to the creaters of it.
lenten ratingfive its so amazing that they came out with temple run.
lenfour ratingfive plus its so awesome.
lenfour ratingfive it has great graphics.
lensix ratingfive great game more challenging than the 1st
lenthree ratingfive love, love, love <3
leneight ratingfive i woupd buy this if it cost money
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenten ratingone i downloaded it but when i try to play it.
lentwenty ratingfour awsome better then temple run version 1  you need a lot of coins to unlock people and its actully quite hard                                              ?
lenfive ratingfive great game with smooth graphics
lentwelve ratingthree i'm getting a lot missing menu textures and power icons textures.
lenfifteen ratingthree on the boot up screen all i see is the idol and then menu button.
lensixteen ratingthree then when on menu i get a black screen with hard to read, dark text only.
lenfive ratingthree i have the htc rezound.
lenfour ratingfive awesomistic grafics.really addictuve.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i am playing temple run for last 6 months and i didnt remember a single day without playing it.5 stars fom my side.
lentwo ratingfive gr8 job guys.
lenseven ratingfive well done for such  a lovely game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive great game for challenging trips :)
lenfifteen ratingfour but their is constant lagging that keeps making me mess up and its really annoying
lennine ratingfive this game is fun and had a easy concept
lenthirtyfive ratingone it's not good because it won't work for htc desire its will download and wen u press open all it does is load and den it goes back in to the play store.
lenfifteen ratingone i does not work on my samsung galaxy mini please make it compatible the 5 stars
leneight ratingthree little glitchy, gameplay not quite as smooth as 1.
leneleven ratingthree will update rating as updates come and hopefully make it better.
lentwo ratingthree htc rezound
lenfive ratingfour found d camera angle odd
leneight ratingfive this is a awesome game compare to last 1
lenfour ratingthree it freezes a lot.
lentwelve ratingfive beautiful graphics, the levels are a bit harder but a fantastic app!
lenseventeen ratingfive i am a fan of temple run and i think the did a lot better on number  2!:)
lenseventeen ratingfive imangi studios is doing a very good job.we all are thankful to him for hhis work.
lenfortytwo ratingfive can't wait 2 see temple run iii.i hope will be better than this.i've played 1 & 2 and everytime is goes better.it's a very exciting game the graphics are nice and the only problem is that i wish 2 reach farther ^_^
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingone i dont like it.
lentwelve ratingone the graphics make me feel sick and the sensitivity is really bad.
lenten ratingone when i wanna turn it wont let me do it.
leneleven ratingone btw if u have motion sickness do not install this app.
leneight ratingfive one of the best games on play store
lenthirteen ratingfive i was already addicted to temple run 1 and this one didn't disappoint.
lentwenty ratingfive love the new graphics and the variation in play (mine cart) as well as other new features they put in.
lentwentyone ratingthree i like it better then the first one but freezes my phone and crashes alot.been happening more and more too
lenfour ratingfive wow i reached 11million    :d
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfour very good but sometimes when i use save me it crashes.
lenten ratingfive el jay this game is awesome and my favorite game.
lennineteen ratingone sometimes there is no way ahead to run there is no rope or anything to save player from falling.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive 3d graphics rock!
lensix ratingfive very good game and very addictive
leneleven ratingfive i love the first one but this one is wayyyyyy better!
lenfour ratingfive u wont regret it!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i am literally speechless at the talent and devotion that i see in this game every second i play it.thank you
leneleven ratingfive i like it better than the origional temple run, better graphics
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lentwo ratingfive great graphics!
lenthirtyfour ratingone i first loved it and played it nonstop but now it won't load i will wait a long time obly to see it refresh my entire phone everytime i try to open it.
lenfifteen ratingone dose'nt fit to my lg e400 screen i can't see what i am doing
leneleven ratingfive i love it is like the best game ever.o_o
lenthree ratingfive realy good game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it
lenthree ratingfive fun, fun, fun
lentwentythree ratingtwo fun game, just as addicting as the first one, however the controls in the sequel seem to be less responsive, particularly the tilting.
lenseven ratingtwo update: game is nearly unplayable on galaxy s3.
lenten ratingtwo the stuttering is unbearable, leading to many, many missed inputs.
lenthree ratingfive really awesome design
lenthirty ratingfive ive been wating on a new temple run graphics are good and trust me the game is good i do multiple comments on games that are good and bad so.
lenthirtynine ratingone i have impulse 4g and the game goes to the imangi studios screen and then exits the game, i've tried countless times to fix it and haven't found a solution, but very fun game(played on friends phones)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingtwo when the bugs are fixed out of this game i would give it 5 stars.
lensix ratingtwo too much of a swipe delay
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingone every time i go on the game it loads and then crashes.
leneight ratingone when i spent diamond to respawn, 70% chance crash
leneight ratingone it'll just stay on the loading page.
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is fun but if it had multiplayer with facebook friends to see who got further that would be great.
lenthirteen ratingfive kinda like a never ending bike race but to see who goes further.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game !
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lentwentyfive ratingfour the only thing that i didn't like is that when u jump u can't go down rightaway, but the rest is pertty cool.
lenfourteen ratingfive i like it different from first one but still has the same addicting tasks.
lensixteen ratingfour you owe me at least 50 jewels for when it glitches and doesn't let me jump.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise.nice game.
lenfifteen ratingone this new version is not as good as the first and is way too complicated.
leneight ratingone i'm sorry but i say thumbs down!
lenfourteen ratingfive good game n concept .running on a nxt level .hoping many more to come
lenten ratingthree the game never saves my coins which is terribly annoying.
lenfour ratingthree might uninstall the game.
lensix ratingthree otherwise it is a fun game.
lenfour ratingfive very nice to play!
lentwelve ratingfive this game is amazing so recommend everyone 2 go nd download it now.      :-)
lenthree ratingfive great time filler!
leneleven ratingfive it`s a lot more realistic than the original temple run.
lenthree ratingfive good time pass
lentwentyfive ratingthree sometimes when i try to use a gem to save me it crashes and takes a gem away and sometimes puts me in the negatives
lenthree ratingfour no evident bugs.
lenfive ratingfour plays well on a note 2
lentwentynine ratingfour a lot of the time when i use a save me the game freezes and closes and i lose my run would be 5 stars if this didn't happen
lenfive ratingfive like this game very much!
lenthree ratingfive addictive and challenging.
lentwentyone ratingfive but i have to tilt my phone sideway and it is hard to me to do that, add settings for sensitivity
lenthirteen ratingthree good game very addictive but am frustrated that force closed way too much.
lenfifteen ratingthree usually after i have tons of coins and try to use a gem to continue.
leneight ratingfour its a really nice game for child & elders
lenfour ratingfive best running game ever
lennine ratingfive awesome but it should be a first person shooter
lenthirtynine ratingone i hate is game because it takes forever to load and that is just too slow to load that's why i hate this i don't hate it but i just don't like it with a low
lenfour ratingfive soo awesome and fun
lentwenty ratingfive like the new game and love the rope hanging very different just don't like that there is levels lol
lentwo ratingfive waaaaaaaaa hooooooooo.
lenten ratingone ive downladed and uninstalled 3 times and it still wont work.
lenseventeen ratingone i get as far as the imagi screen with the green exclaimation point and then it closes.
lenseven ratingone i would love to play this game.
lentwentyeight ratingone i am addicted to the first temple run and have been waiting for the brave edition to come to android for the free version for a while now.
lentwo ratingone samsung infuse.
lennine ratingfive it's a fun game´ i really like it.
lenseventeen ratingfive i think taht tr2 wiil make a bench mark in history n i jus cant stop playing it.
lenthirty ratingfive every one should have this game and if u say any thing bad abount this game or even think it ur a dumy and shouldent rate any type of game. -_-
lensix ratingfour same game play, with some twists.
lentwelve ratingfive perhaps this shall be the highlight of google play of the century
lenfour ratingfive best temple run game
lenfive ratingfour execellent game grafics are good
lenfour ratingfive is a goos game
lentwentyone ratingone dear makers of temple run 2, if your going to make a temple run 2 at least make it better then the first.
lenfive ratingone thank you for your time.
lensix ratingthree refuses to work on my infuse 4g.
lennine ratingthree it shows the imangi logo and then force closes.
lenthirteen ratingthree i loved the first one, too bad i can't play this one.
lenfive ratingfive it is so totally awesome!
lentwelve ratingfive so addicting and i think that they should make a third one
lensix ratingfive great new things in this game
lensix ratingfour much better graphics than the first.
lenthree ratingone this game sucks!
lenseventeen ratingone im a huge temple run fan but this one freezes up and force closes all the time.
lenseventeen ratingone it only get one star because i have to choose one in order to post a review.
lenthree ratingfive great and addictive.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game
lenfour ratingfive this is pretty sweet
lenseventeen ratingthree the fact that you have to use tilt controls and their weak implementation just about runs it
lenten ratingfive awesome and it seems like good graphics and ggod quallitys
lenten ratingfive it is really fun and it's harder and challenging!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive i like it better than the first
lenfifteen ratingthree i love the game, but i'm changing my rating: how are the coins calculated?
lenfortythree ratingthree sometimes you die, you start over, and coins from round 1 and round 2 are added together, sometimes they're not, sometimes it looks like a portion of round 1 was added to round 2 because the total in game amount doesn't match game over amount.
lennine ratingfour not bad of a game i must have games
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lennine ratingone this game doesn't even load on my phone
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive gr8 gameplay and graphics
lenfive ratingfive top score 11 million so far
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive this is a geaattt one make more please
lentwelve ratingtwo this game sucks however the first one is amazing and highly recamened
leneight ratingone temple run 1 was wayyyyy better than this bullshit
lenseven ratingfive i love love love this new one
lentwentyfour ratingthree my tilt is broken on my phone so if u can make a w ay to swipe instead of tilt it would br great
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwelve ratingfive can get a little choppy, but easy to play, visually its great.
leneight ratingfive liked the first one, thoroughly enjoying this one.
lenfour ratingfive love this game xd
lenseven ratingfive brill game best game on android ever
lentwenty ratingtwo love the idea and everything but on my phone i only have a little hole to look through please fix!
lenfortyfive ratingfive beautiful game in every way, gameplay, detail, controls etc.  one sugestion add one more type of trap, something like spikes that would pop up on half of the path and then the other so that the player would have to move over before getting spiked
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is so much fun -definitely worth the download if you have the first one.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwelve ratingfive yes very nice loving the 3d effect campared to thr first temple run
lentwentyone ratingone i.e: i only got to the starting bit and it stopped but i was still on google app store awkward!
lenfifteen ratingone plz fix cuz i wud probably be a gud game but thums for temple run 1 :)
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive cant stop playing it :-)
lenfour ratingfive such an amazing game!
lenfive ratingfive i want mite obstacles though.
lentwelve ratingfive good job on the second and the first one i love it
lenfour ratingfive good game long download
lennine ratingfive i'm too good at this game, love it
lentwelve ratingthree coins keep going down so can't get power ups needs fixing
lenfive ratingfive fun game, good upgrade from tr1.
lennine ratingfive runs smoother on my old nexus one as well
lenfour ratingfive much better graphics too!
lentwentyseven ratingthree good game.little choppier than the first edition.coins are gone when i leave the app and come back in later.do i can't buy anything.
lenten ratingfive so addicted to this game, better than the first one.
lenfour ratingfive better than #1 good game
leneighteen ratingthree every time i go to jump, dive, or turn it gliches and i can't react to it!
lensix ratingthree so it makes the game unenjoyable!
leneleven ratingthree it could be an awesome game if only it were smoother.
lenseven ratingthree fix it and i'll give 5 stars.
lenseventeen ratingone you lose and won't go back to home screen & it re-starts the whole game again
lensix ratingfive great graphics and awesome zip lines :-) 8
leneighteen ratingfive i like the game and all but i kinda like the first one more because it's darker.
lenthirteen ratingfive this one is so bright and colourful it makes the obstacles unspottable sometimes.
lenfive ratingfive but the gameplay is awesome.
lenseven ratingfive there are few free games this good.
lenfour ratingfive good game cool graphics.
lenten ratingfive overall a great game with the additional lvl up feature
leneight ratingfive a very fun and addicted game, nicely done!
lensix ratingfive great game that i would recommend!
leneleven ratingthree sometimes when trying to use a gem, the game will crash.
lenfive ratingthree also, some very intermittent lag
lenfive ratingone can't save up money
leneight ratingfive its way better than the regular temple run
lentwo ratingfive looovee iit!
lentwentytwo ratingfive love the game and a great competition with friends, however i do wish that the rendering of distant objects would be quicker.
lentwenty ratingone it wont even load to home  screen on the game.and , this makes me sad becuz its an amazing game.
lensixteen ratingfive fun time killer, achievments help keep it challenging and graphics are a nice upgrade from orginal
lentwo ratingfive awensome game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseven ratingone this game sucks dont work with tablets!´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´
lenfifteen ratingfive starmobile crystal-  cool game.mas magaun kaysa sa dati.keep up the good bro!.tnx
lennine ratingfive mi esposa se cambi┏ a android gracias a este juego.
leneight ratingfive en su segunda versi┏n es aun mejor, muy buenos gr│ficos
lensixteen ratingone if u want to get money or reputation, why dont you make it a paid game.
lennineteen ratingone i am willing to pay, but deleting my high scores and restarting the game when i am on level 8.
lenfour ratingone i cant tolerate that.
lensix ratingone plus the game crashes too often.
lentwo ratingfive awsom┬eeeeeeeee epicly good
leneleven ratingfive very good graphics fun and challenging i could play it a┐aaaalllllllllll day!
lentwelve ratingfive games livo , kina h?rd doe but that makes it more fun
lenten ratingfour nice what you have done, but not to much heroes.
lensix ratingfive got lags,  input lags,  and crashes.
lensixteen ratingfive works smoothly on my note 2 even in power saving mode wherein the cpu performance is limited.
lenfourteen ratingfive works fine as well on my old x10i, although it takes a bit to load.
lenthirteen ratingfour they never teach what to do when you?re in the cart part
lenfive ratingfive this game is so bad @′′
lenfifteen ratingfive amazing game better than the original one if d best in play store great graphics.，，，，，，，，
lentwelve ratingfive das spiel ist besser als ?lterem spiel d.h temple run-i
lenfour ratingfive this game is epic.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awsome.
lensix ratingfive the giant monkey is cray-cray.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this app is ohh sooo awesome hint:you can slide it at the turns a little before and you can dunk or jump over fire!hope my hints are helpful .bye!:);)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseventeen ratingfour but the game glitches some time and that a problem but it better then the first one￥￥￥￥℃
lentwentyfive ratingfive al└m de haver mais recursos e coisas interessantes em rela?o ao primeiro, esta vers?o de temple run roda ainda melhor no meu galaxy sii.
len ratingfive parab└ns.
lensix ratingfive pooping on you your goaty lips
lenfive ratingfive its awesome now no lag .
lenthree ratingfive jus love it
leneight ratingfive works great on sony xperia j. fun play.
lenfour ratingfive great graphic n awesome.
leneleven ratingfive so awesome i play it everyday take that from a gamer.
lentwo ratingfive gteat game
lennine ratingfour cool game but you need to add zack wonder
lentwo ratingfive nice game ∴:
lenthirtyeight ratingfour this game is immensely better that its prequel but the sensitivity is too low even when on its highest, causing me to literally turn my phone 90＜ until it's horizontal to get the character to tilt/collect coins.
lenthree ratingfive create more games ?￥￥￥￥￥￥￥￥￥℃℃℃℃℃℃℃℃℃℃
lennine ratingfive m bhavesh chawla &plyed diz game qaas really superb.
leneight ratingfive way better than the lame boring first one!′′′′′′′′′′′′′′′?
leneight ratingfive and very happy about the way it looks 
lenfive ratingfive best game i ever played
lenfourteen ratingfive thank you for having this game on android i have been waiting for it.
lensix ratingfive and now just cant stoo playing.
lenthree ratingfive owww excellent game.
lenfour ratingfive all the issues resloved.
lenfive ratingfive happy :) moving single star to 5.
lenseventeen ratingfive my old comment was bellow   ""sluggish, slow, tillt 180＜ to 0＜ to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity.
lensixteen ratingfive tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found.
lenseven ratingfive sounds like its not optimized for note 1.
lennine ratingfive the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note.
lenseven ratingfive as of now it deserves single star""
lenfour ratingfive its a wonderful game.
lenseven ratingfive once i started to play dis game.
lensix ratingfive i was not able to stopppp !
lensix ratingfive p.s  i m lovinggg itt. :*
lennine ratingfive very entertaining.superb game.i recommend everyone to play.
lenten ratingfive necesita un boton de salir y que m│s sensibilidad con el aceler┏metro.
lenthree ratingfive por lo dem│s, perfecto.
lenten ratingfour it reallly needs to have options for sensitivity of tilting.
lenthirtysix ratingfour right now my phone has to be turned 60＜ to make the player go the the side of the path and i usually tilt more to make sure my player don't accidentally come to the middle.
leneight ratingfive my friends and i really enjoy this game
lenfive ratingone why cant i install it.
lentwelve ratingone they said you cant download (498)，，， pls fix it in samsung galaxy tab
lentwo ratingfive superb game!
lenfour ratingfive enjoy it's experience.
lenthirteen ratingfive its an awesome game very interesting new graphics new levels i love it .
lentwo ratingfive micromax canvas
lentwentysix ratingfive this has got to be one  of the best games i have played it has mostly everything a person needs: excitement, progression, adventure and requires concentration.
lenfour ratingfive truly recommend this game.
lentwo ratingfive super game
lensix ratingfour graphic and location are too good
lenfive ratingfive woww.nthg 2 say.,aditive game:-)
lentwelve ratingfive well, this game is a little bit more harder than temple run. .
lenseven ratingfive its startin to make me turn dissy!
lentwenty ratingfive this game is good but angry grab run is better , it works and everything but i prefer angry grab run
lenthirteen ratingfive it doesnt always work properly but a rearly good game defenetly worth installing! !
leneleven ratingfour could be better if levels are made a bit achievable early.
leneight ratingfour they r not tough but much time consuming
lenfive ratingfive the sequel is much better.
leneleven ratingfive a necessary inconvenience is pacing you with the achievements and rounds.
lennine ratingfive that keeps you competitive and coming back for more.
lenseven ratingfive hard to get bored with this game.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenten ratingfive looks like the force close on 'save me' got fixed.
lenten ratingfive still testing it, but still thanks for the fast fix.
lenfour ratingfive 5 starts for you guys. :)
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is awesome,  love the levels and variety of things you can do.
lenfive ratingfour awesome game i like it.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lennine ratingfive this game is so much better than the original.
lenfive ratingfive my son love this game
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
lensixteen ratingfive and at least you can advance to the next level(s) without having to purchase items!
lenthirtysix ratingfive that forces you to download apps and games you dont care for which are such a waste of time wont buy it anyhow.but to get to the point love this game great improvement and graphics :)))
leneighteen ratingone the game itself is great, however my coins keep resetting so i cannot buy any upgrades/power-ups.
lenten ratingfour one issue: in statistics total distance now shows in negative.
lennine ratingfive this game is vry gud then temple run1. .love it!
lenseventeen ratingfive doesnt fix my layout screen on my galaxy s advance and my 500k lifetime gold objective doesnt updating
lenfive ratingfive this is a fabulous game
lenfive ratingfour nice game with hd & 3d n 4free.
lentwentytwo ratingfour working vry smoothly on my karbonn a21 ics two days after installation but now when i open the game its closed without running.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game.!
leneighteen ratingfive i would like to say this is a wonderful game which is amazing in my point if view
leneleven ratingfive this new game is at least 10 times better than the first.
lenthree ratingfive definitely recommend it.
lenfour ratingfive awesome great graphics display
lentwentyfour ratingfive this is the best yemple run game ever omg the first temple run was a bit crap but the second 1is great lovin it lol :-)
lenthirtythree ratingfive i like it, it's a more challenging game, which we as a player has 2 make a accurate decision based in a timely moment which will determine if we will live or die!
lensix ratingfive i love this game its exciting!
lenseven ratingfour shield is a waste of power up.
lenfive ratingfive the best game for mobiles
lenthree ratingfour fun and addicting
lenthirteen ratingfive it works very well.difficulty level is very high compared to temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive great passtime.
lennine ratingfive a lot of improvements from the first temple run
lenfour ratingone very differcult to play
lennineteen ratingfour if your bored fun game to play i love zombies lol and the dude next to me is gay
leneighteen ratingthree its way too laggy ill give it till the next update if its still laggy im deleting it
lenfour ratingfive cool cool it cool
lennine ratingfive lil this game is so addictive i love it.
lentwenty ratingfive even when i'm traveling people who sit next to me are turning when i am to control guy dangerous
lentwo ratingfive fantastic game.
leneight ratingfive love the graphics and the challenge is amazing.
lentwo ratingfive highly addicting!
lenthirteen ratingfive i want my score on facebook plzzz  and i love this crazy game
lenseven ratingone don't work pakcage file is invalid
lenseven ratingfour some jump is not having good feel
lensix ratingfive now this is adventure, thumbs up!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwentysix ratingthree evrytym u get a second powerup of same kind on going  wid frst one.the second one also finishes wid frst one.crap.fix it asap
lenseven ratingone does'nt work well on lg l3 android
lenten ratingthree i like the game and everything thats in the game.
lenfourteen ratingthree what is frustrating and needs to be fixed is that it loses my coins.
lentwentysix ratingthree i could have 5, 000 coins and after i finish another round i should have more and it dissappears and ill be left with a lot less coins.
lentwentyone ratingthree if this glitch gets fixed its an easy 5 star game.if it does not get fixed i will end up uninstalling.
lenfour ratingfive excellent i love it
lenseventeen ratingone temple was awsome.but temple run 2 is bad.not near as fun.it almost brock my tablet!
lenthirtythree ratingone i own a s2 and i briught 500 gems pack on 30 th jan morning.after accessing menu it shows i have to buy it.when i try to purchase it.it shows i already own.
lennineteen ratingone it.but my gems dont show 500 when i play the game.please help me.or refund my money back.
lensix ratingfive the game is gone 2 the limit
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenseven ratingfive super smooth.n best game on nexus 4
lennine ratingfive only game i seem to keep on my phone
lenten ratingthree great game but randomly force closes, sometimes while in game.
leneight ratingfive best adventure game .nice graphics.i love this
lenseven ratingfive better than the original n so addictive :)
lenfive ratingthree ths game hangs a lot.
lensixteen ratingthree with my mobile specs, i don't know how bad it would be on older devices.
leneight ratingfive the graphics and game play is sooo superb
leneight ratingtwo better graphics, but suddenly stops working between game.
lenseventeen ratingtwo also tilt sensitivity on curves to collect coins is worse than tr1 or compared to doodle jump sensitivity.
lenthree ratingfive better and better
lentwentythree ratingfour its a great sequel, but unlike the first one it's almost impossible to go to the left/right sides of the track.
lentwelve ratingfour i really wish it had a sensitivity option to make that better.
lenfour ratingfive of very entertaining game
lennine ratingfive best game ever!better than temple run 1.must download!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive good ganesh for my girls x
leneight ratingfive installed this game liek a few days ago.
lensix ratingfive its sooooo good and really addictive.
lennine ratingfive just as good if not better than the original
lenfour ratingfive good graphics nice game
lentwo ratingfive woow awesome
lenseven ratingfive this its really fun check it out!
lentwenty ratingfive hats off to ur team.very nice game.better smooth than temple run.thanks a lot imangi.m very happy.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfive ratingfive were nice and good game
leneleven ratingtwo why the hell does the game stick even after the upgrade.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
leneight ratingfive much better graphics improved a lot in thehopnjkmhuh
lennine ratingone it will not go past the main loading screen.
lentwo ratingfive hi   ty.
lenseven ratingfive for this game excellent graphic and anemation.
leneight ratingfive goog game every body have play this game
leneight ratingfour a good time helps with my down time.
lenfive ratingfive well done gang, fantastic update :)
leneighteen ratingtwo lag, the swipe isn't sensitive enough, and this morning when i tried to play a quick game.
lensix ratingtwo all my progress had been lost.
lensix ratingtwo it's a fun game otherwise
leneleven ratingfive can't get enough of this game, much better than original.
lenten ratingfive best stress buster.u can play nd never get bored
lenfour ratingfive i'm completely addicted
lenseventeen ratingthree its a great game but sometimes very slow and made me loose but better than first one
lenthree ratingfive really grt game.
lentwo ratingfive gr8 experience game
lenthirteen ratingfive an improvement on temple run - different character power ups and more cumulative progress.
leneleven ratingfive this game keeps me gripping to my mobile all the time.
lenseven ratingfive -my two years old love this game.
lenfourteen ratingthree still has a glitch when running, please fix it makes me want to uninstall
leneighteen ratingfour its a good game with brilliant visuals but the visuals are little bit complex the turns are confusing
lensix ratingthree good game,but likes to freeze.
lenfour ratingfive awesome and additive \o/
lentwentytwo ratingone my device is htc desire, which is quite old but all it does is go on the first loading screen then close.  :(
lenfive ratingfive very nice work five stars
lenfive ratingfive this game is really addict.
leneight ratingfive i cant stop playing until my battrey low.
lenthree ratingfive good graphic creation.!
lennineteen ratingthree great game and very addictive, however power ups no longer work on double tap and not smooth on turning
lentwo ratingfive soooo cooool!
leneight ratingthree great game but needs to work on lagging
lennine ratingthree so much better than temple run im definitely addicted.
lennine ratingthree but it keeps glitching and wiping all my progress.
lenthirteen ratingthree i have crossed 700000 lifetime coins but the 500000 lifetime coin objective is not checked .
lennine ratingthree the meter for the 500000 objective is not moving too .
lenthree ratingfive nice gaming app
lenthirtythree ratingone when i had this installed i was so happy to play it but then it wouldn't start up on my sidekick 4g it just backs out on the loading screen plz fix this.
leneleven ratingfive very good game.more interesting than the first part.very addicting !
lennine ratingfive the game was best iam insiting for next leval
lenseven ratingfive way better than the first temple run!
leneleven ratingfive great concept of gems for reviving from death and really enjoying.
lennine ratingone wont even get pass the startup on my phone
leneight ratingfour great game needs update for the coin issue
lenfifteen ratingone gotten far in the game then it restarted itself pleasd fix i love this game
leneight ratingfive luv it goodness it fab it show it
leneleven ratingfive this game what i need to play every day  thanks all
leneleven ratingfive a brill time waster and it is a really cool game
lenthree ratingfive awesomest game ever
lentwentysix ratingthree nice game but i noticed that when my gold coins reached 3k or up and then it suddenly go back to 900+ why oh why.please fix that!
lensix ratingfive it is cool than temple run 1!
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenten ratingfive awesome game,  big improvement, recent update has it running perfect!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenfifteen ratingfour this is a million times better than its old version.temple run<subway surfers<temple run2.
leneighteen ratingfour the only complaint i have is to bring back the invisibility power up instead of the useless shield.
lenfour ratingfour otherwise a great game.:-)
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenthree ratingfive tottaly recommend it.
lentwo ratingfive great game :)
leneleven ratingfour an entertaining game to play while waiting or riding the bus :-)
lenthree ratingfive great time killer
lensixteen ratingfive great game and graphics.i'm actually better at this one more than the original game.
lenfortyone ratingthree all in all this is a great game and makes for great competition however i have been getting an issue where my 500,000 lifetime coin objective has stopped and now can't be obtained despite me having way more than 500,000 lifetime coins.
lennine ratingthree the 1 million coin objective is working as it should.
leneight ratingfive gameplay is smooth and never boringly repeats object.
lennine ratingfive the mix of obstacles is always dynamic and exciting
leneight ratingfive my favorite but please add sensitivity option-thanks
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting!
lenthree ratingfive pretty good game!
lenfour ratingfive amazing, great and addictive
lenfortythree ratingfour its a good game but u will experiance some lag.when you get hit by an obstical,sometimes you will be in a glitch and be stuck in it,buy you can get out.it would recamend getting it.thank you good bye.
lennine ratingthree is there a glitch i don't accumulate coins
leneighteen ratingone doesn't even work, comes up on the loading screen, and goes back to my phones home screen
lentwentyone ratingfive this game is a lot of fun i can't stop playing it they should make another one that's better
lenfiftyeight ratingfour it is amazing but i have rated it 4 and not 5 because i think it should have a few lives until the runner dies because i cant buy gems android phones wont let u so u might be at a really good part and then i make 1 mistake and then i die and have to start from the beganing.
lenfifteen ratingfour but over all i think it is a good fun game that i really like.
lenseven ratingthree enjoying it but it doesnt change level
lenfifteen ratingfive that's great game i liked it so much thanks for download it relly appreciate
lenthree ratingfive realy awesome game
leneight ratingfive this is like the only game i play!
lenseven ratingthree it runs very slow at the start.
lentwelve ratingthree and goes far far to fast later.hard to control when fast.
lennine ratingthree sometimes it goes black on me for some reason.
lenten ratingfive awesome a lot better than the first one.better graphics.
lentwentythree ratingone i am so deseperate to get this game but everytime i download it, it says 'application cannot be installed in default installation location'.
lentwelve ratingone i am no technology geek and have no idea what this means :'(
leneighteen ratingone no star because as soon i collect 2500 coins it reseyt to 0.why is it so?plz fix it
lennine ratingthree fun game but need to fix the glitches asap!
lenfourteen ratingthree doesn't let me play well and it makes me die all the time
lenseven ratingfive the information contained in this email address
lenfour ratingtwo not able to upgrade.
lenfour ratingtwo my coins keep disappearing.
leneight ratingone its not letting me me download temple run 2.
lenfourteen ratingone its compatible with my device but yet it says that there is an error.
lensix ratingfive the best game on mobile platform
lensix ratingfour everything is great except one thing.
lenthirtynine ratingfour whenever i have a magnet and i find another magnet it doesn't start the tine over from when i find my second magnet which makes one of the power ups nearly useless to make them appear more often.
leneighteen ratingfour i would like this changed and would also like to see a leader board among friends as well.
lenseventeen ratingthree im playing on the driod razr and it wont let me collect coins by tilting my phone.
lenfour ratingfive love the new interface!
lensix ratingfive thatswhy its my fav game apps
lenfour ratingfour bring back montana smith!
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfortyone ratingfour game is ausome no doubt bt still if we use a powerup n it is on and during the end of d powerup if v get the same powerup it gets finished at the tym of d 1st powerup need improvement der
lenfive ratingfive try it it's cool
lenfive ratingone don't recommend this download
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run !
lenfive ratingfive and the sequel is marvelous !
lenthirteen ratingfive but when i use gems in the mine my game freezes ! :/ plz fix ! :/
lennine ratingfour it is great , i love the sliding and jumping .
lennine ratingfour it is much better than the previous temple run.
lentwentythree ratingfour unfortunately it still have some bugs in the objects.it doesn't want to fill up so that i can't level up:(
leneleven ratingfive this is an extraordinary game that i would recommend to anyone.
lenten ratingfive finally a new version of temple run has been released!
lennine ratingone dont work on htc desire uninstall till next update
lenfour ratingfour great time passer & game
lenfive ratingfive solid yaar kya game hai !
lenthirtyone ratingone i cant download it an error accor i dont know why there is an error so plz plz fix this problem i really wanna try this new verion of temple run
lentwentynine ratingtwo if it wasnt for the fact that i collected 3000 coins in one long run only to go back and realise that they have dissapeared i would give this a 3.
leneight ratingtwo final 2 stars will be earned with future updates.
lenten ratingthree crashes about 80% of the time a save me is used.
lentwentyone ratingthree also, you lose all coins and challenges from that run and it doesn't save if it's a high score.
lenfive ratingthree i lost my run of 3mil+.
lenfourteen ratingfour first version wasn't working and froze but now it works on my galaxy s2
lenthree ratingfive awsome.jua awsome .
lensix ratingthree this is entertaining but extremelly glichy.
lennine ratingone wouldn't register when i would try to jump.
leneight ratingone couldn't make it past the first first.
lenten ratingone then the game froze and no way to fix it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awsome !
lentwentytwo ratingone the game won't open on my htc evo 4g it looks like its loading then it goes back to my home screen.
leneight ratingone i tried uninstalling and reinstalling and nothing works.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy immensely.
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing!
lentwo ratingfive sweeeeeet game
lenthirtyseven ratingfive this game is a 5 star at to the people who have problems its not the games its the fact you have a rubbish phone or tablet so dont lower your score because of how cheap you are
lenthree ratingfive fave game ever
lensix ratingfive the game is awesome & super addicting. :)
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneighteen ratingthree the game is awesome and very addictive however the scene doesn't change apart from the cart part.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive :-d    scar?'?-?ght?!
lennine ratingfive this game is way better than the first version.
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game!
lenfive ratingone downloads but will not play!
leneight ratingfive great challanges and have fun with this game
lennine ratingfive its an addiction:-):-):-) i jus love playn tmple run:-):-):-):-)
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have collected 10 lacs coins but this 5 lacs lifetime coins in my objective is still pending.dont know yyy.can anybody help.?
lensix ratingone i like the first one better
lenfour ratingfour harder than the original.
lenthree ratingfour worth the download
leneight ratingfive it is amazing and i simply love it !
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive like the new varied course.
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenseven ratingfive graphics are cool and is really fun
lenseven ratingfive they totally renewed this game for me.
lenseven ratingfive im getting the temple run itch again!
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenthirteen ratingfive playing from last 3 days.and no one can beat me.score is 128.13 lacs.
lenfour ratingfive nice one.thoroughly enjoying.
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenfour ratingfive fun and addictive game.
lenfortytwo ratingtwo i was so far in this game i almost had 1mill lifetime meters and all but one character unlocked was about to make level 9 when all of a sudden it erased all my stats and i had to start over from the beginning!
lenfourteen ratingone second update is very poor im nt able to turn by flipin my cell
lenfour ratingfive great game ever played.
leneight ratingfive love the graphics, the speed and the gameplay.
lentwenty ratingfive sometimes it crashes and exits itself though i'm rating it 5 stars and hope that the problem could be fixed.
lensix ratingfive spent hours and hours playing it
lensix ratingfive solid followup to the previous iteration.
lenten ratingfive great improvements and all around better and more engaging game
lentwenty ratingfive great game but went to play it and the pic comes up then sound and then force closes plz fix
lenfour ratingthree connect it with facebook
lenseven ratingone i get an error downloading "temple run 2"
leneleven ratingfive this is the dark knight to the batman of temple run
lenthirty ratingfive it is really good to play when you're board so don't just sit there play temple run 2 or you can play temple run 1 thank you by ellie wow!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game and it is very addictive, can stop playing
lenfive ratingone crashes every time during loading
lenfifteen ratingtwo worked awesome till the update.now it doesn't go past the load up screen.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i don't want to uninstall and reinstall and lose all my achievments.
lenfifteen ratingtwo oh apparently all the other people with my phone have troubles now also.samsung stratosphere
lennine ratingfive this game is so much more addictive and fun.
lentwo ratingfive great job
leneighteen ratingfive unlike some free to play phon games that copy their old formula, temple run 2 builds on every aspect.
lenfifteen ratingfive it retains the same core elements but feels far more engaging and interesting to play.
lenseven ratingfour good game could do wiv 1 or 2 improvements.
lenfour ratingfour overall game is good.
lenfive ratingfour bit handling problem is there.
lenfour ratingfive i love thisss game ^__^
lenseven ratingfive the most entertaining game in a while!
lennine ratingfive excellent game and works awesome on my sam gal s3.
lensix ratingtwo it doesnt start on my tablet ? :/
lentwelve ratingfour i love this game, but it has a bit of a lag.
lensix ratingfive love it.better than the first
lenseven ratingone game keeps uninstalling by itself gets annoying
lensix ratingfive epic, even better than the original.
lennine ratingfive want to see a new or updated one soon.
leneight ratingone same objective repeat problem is not fixed yet.
lensix ratingone developer should check carefully saying this.
lenseven ratingone also my coins decrease without buying anything.
lennine ratingfive this was a amazing running game ever i play.
leneleven ratingthree it's pretty fun but how do you change the sensitivity?
lenthirteen ratingthree it pauses & then goes on, you can't see where you're going.
leneight ratingone sucks wont even open or let me play.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great!
leneleven ratingfive i have enjoyed the whole series but this one tops them!
lenten ratingfive it is more fantastic and more adventurous than temple run 1
lentwo ratingfive excellent better
lenthirteen ratingone it keeps force closing i want to play cause i love temple run
leneleven ratingfive great game for passing time or during a  break at work.
lenfourteen ratingfive the most fun game i've found on the android market since well, ever
lenfiftythree ratingfive after installing temple run 2 on my lg 3d optimus p920.i tried to run it but that imagi studios thing hang on my screen for like 10secs and then it takes me back to my homescreen.pls u really gotta fix this.big fun of temple run.i'm giving it 5stars because of temple run 1.thanks
lensixtyeight ratingfive lovely stuff i enjoy it so much it is a amazing game to play i have so much fun on it.i have so much fun on it i have so much fun on it i have so much fun on it i have so much fun on it i have so much fun on it i have so much fun on it sorry about repting my self.
leneight ratingfive ended up downloading it on two other phones.
lenfourteen ratingfive my kids and i are addicted and we dont ever get addicted to games.
lentwelve ratingfive last night my kids sat next to each other not fighting once.
lenthirteen ratingfive of course they each had a phone in their hand playing the game.
lenfive ratingfive ive already started telling others. :)
lensixteen ratingone i collect the coins on a run but then when i die it doesnt up date.
lensixteen ratingfive i got addicted recently much i love it thanks for the developer  1000000 grands likes for you
lentwentythree ratingfive it really good game must buy and don't buy number 1 if you have low memory nothing different there more stuff on number 2
lensix ratingfive definitely better than the first one
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lennine ratingfive this game will have u playing for hours ha.
lentwelve ratingfive it makes time pass faster when you got nothing better to do.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game but play with updating it
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseventeen ratingfour i have purchased 50000 coins but didn't get credited in my account please get it done asap
lentwentyfour ratingfive it's quick, looks great, i love the new ability/character system and overall is a great way to spend my morning train commute.
lentwentysix ratingfive suggestion: for things like barry bones' coin powerup, i feel like it should automatically engage when you fill the meter (instead of having to double tap).
lentwentytwo ratingfive it's kind of odd to have to double tap for something that just gives coins and isn't a timed powerup.
lentwentythree ratingfive others: on slower phones (like my galaxy nexus) it seems to be a little inconsistent with running speeds/frame rates (especially while dashing).
lentwo ratingfive class game
lentwelve ratingfive it is a good game to play and better than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingthree i love the game but for some reason all my gems are gone!
leneight ratingthree would have given 5 stats but this is annoying!
leneight ratingfive i like it better then original temple run.
lenfour ratingfive better graphics and goals.
lenthirteen ratingtwo this game is good but in background process reduced batery life very fast
lenten ratingfive the most talked about game dats all i cn say.
leneight ratingfive have to go play, just download nd enjoy
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfifteen ratingfive mind blowing grahics and intensive playing makes this game more addictive than tr part 1.awesome.
lenfortyone ratingone every time i open the game it force closes i mean i love this game but i would give it more stars if it dosent force closes and please fix the twiks if u do i will change it to 5 ￥'s
lentwo ratingfive cool wicked
lenfour ratingone package file is invalid.
lenten ratingone why can't i play the game this is horrible
lentwelve ratingfive never bored .good for time pass and safety for all .love it
leneleven ratingfive my 4yr old loves it too its great we play it together
lenseven ratingfour the update has made the game playavble
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive much better than 1 and with the special zipline,mine cart,spinning wheel
lenthree ratingfive fun kills time
lentwo ratingfive karen gilaaaaak
lenfourteen ratingfive i been playing on it everyday now and i never get off it lol
lentwo ratingfive incredible game!
lenten ratingfour objectives, new environments, and level ups improve the game greatly.
lenfive ratingfour also, the graphics are nice.
leneight ratingfour still, jetpack joyride is a superior "endless running"
leneleven ratingfour game, as its mechanics change enough to keep the challenge interesting.
lenthirteen ratingfive dont  knw how to ride through the rail.ny wy exclnt time killer.
leneighteen ratingfive this game is brill there is so much more to see, and there is morethings to do x
leneighteen ratingfour cool game but i think you shud have the option to get morr diamonds in the game itself
lennine ratingfour nice app, run is slightly slow than previous version.
lensix ratingfour very nice effects graphics are fantastic.
lenseven ratingfour entire game is overall better and interesting
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenseven ratingfive it's better than temple run part 1.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensix ratingfive it is better than 1 good job
lenten ratingtwo ive logged hours on this app since it came out.
lenfourteen ratingtwo its a fantastic sequel to temple run but it was released way too early.
lentwenty ratingtwo it is very buggy in tracking progress and character location, often times allowing tbe player to fall through the jump.
lenseven ratingtwo it is also buggy in tracking objectives.
lenten ratingtwo im at 600000 coins and the 500000 objective still hasnt been completed.
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i have a brand new galaxy s3 and it still lags really bad, it is frustrating when you get almost to 5, 000, 000 and lose because of lag.
leneleven ratingfive fun but not better than temple run just more high def
lennine ratingfour this is an amzinggg game and im sooo addiiicted.
lenseven ratingfour but i cant get out of level 8!
lensix ratingfour the 3 goals are 10 million lifetime meters.
lensix ratingfour 1 million lifetime coins and 500k lifetime coins.
leneleven ratingfour ive already gotten over 500k coins but the bar didnt fill up.
lenseven ratingfour and it hasnt gone away. :( please helllppp
lensix ratingfive great and simple to get into.
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the best games i have ever played in my life.awesome!
lenfifteen ratingfive but now i love it , it is really the best game for phones and tablets.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwelve ratingfive when the visuals are upgraded to the highest it looks really nice
leneighteen ratingone every time i click on it it loads then goes back to my home and i just got.
leneleven ratingone i already tried uninstalling then installing but it won't work
lenthree ratingfive game is awsome
lennineteen ratingfive i got 40 million as a score so far but the river and the spiked wheel combination is not fair.
lentwentyfive ratingfive if the wheel comes first than it is okay to jump both but if the river comes first it is impossible because the wheel height
lenfortyseven ratingone it's was working perfect then all of a sudden it wouldn't tilt to collect the coins, so i uninstalled it and reinstalled it again and it still didn't work, the problem also is the same with temple run one please will you fix this!
lentwentyone ratingtwo the game would be a lot better if you get rid off the glitches and for that im giving you 2 stars
lensix ratingfive this is still an awesome game
lenten ratingfive definite improvement on the original,  great way to pass time.
leneighteen ratingfive this game is better than number one it has better features runs smoothly on my nexus  good game.
lensix ratingthree this game lags on my phone.
lenten ratingthree when i want to turn or jump, nothing will happen.
lentwelve ratingfive after the last update, all bugs i have encountered were already fixed.
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome the best game on the phone ever can't wait for temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfour really hard but fun
lenfourteen ratingfour it glitches out and throws me off edges or won't let me turn.
lenseven ratingfive still addictive and good for casual gaming
lenthirteen ratingfour rubbish, cant even uninstall this app needs an update as to not loading.
leneleven ratingfour wasting space on my phone need to get it off now!
lentwelve ratingfour its the same just a bigger monkey.and a rope and tunnel
lenseven ratingfive definitely an app i would pay for.
lenthirteen ratingone displays the imangi studios screen and then closes the app, no game here
lennine ratingone after a few plays there's loads of lag.
lensix ratingone i die before the first rope.
lenthree ratingfour challenging but great
lenfive ratingfour great design and awesome graphics.
lenthirteen ratingfour it can be confusing and there isn't an easily accessible help sheet.
leneleven ratingfour sometimes it does skip which makes it hard to stay alive.
lenfour ratingfive best free game yet
lensix ratingfour great game and graphics, very addicting!
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i love it :)
lentwentytwo ratingthree great game but compared to any ios device there is a significant delay between the gesture made and the change in direction.
lenfive ratingfive great game.kids love it
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwentyfour ratingfour i widh the meter filled up st the top thatt was soooo ausome but the last 3 times i played  it stops and goes black.
lenfifteen ratingfour on the othe reveiws i noticed this happens alot with samsung galaxy (what i have)
lentwentythree ratingone i used to play this time all the time i loved it but now it won't go past the imangi studio logo.
lenten ratingthree why do you lose them before you spend them all?
lenthree ratingthree otherwise game good.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive great job.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree what ever you did in the last update undo it please it used it run smoothly on sony xperia u but now it lags and moves me randomly i love this game please help!
lenfourteen ratingfive when it first came out, it had stupid puzzles but now that they understand.
leneleven ratingfive it's just temple run 1 but it has more than running!
lennine ratingfive this is a amazing game i like the game.
lenfourteen ratingfive great game love the new stuff no problems with this app what so ever
leneight ratingfive i love this game this is so fun
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game ;) it's sometimes hard but that's good !
lenfour ratingfive makes it challenging :) superb
lenthirteen ratingfive great game but now i can't tilt -_- on lg venice please fix
lenten ratingfive this is a good game and u should play it
lennine ratingfive i love playing this game it really passes time.
lenfourteen ratingthree i can't play it because it wont let me.i have an andriod
lenthree ratingfive good fun game
lenseventeen ratingfive its the best game ever better than the first will always be played in the free time
lensix ratingfive these guys definitely did their homework!
lenfive ratingfive excellent sequel; i love it!
lenthree ratingfive loved temple run 1.
lenthree ratingfour enjoyable and addicting.
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lenten ratingtwo took my money and i  didn't get ny gems >:(
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenone ratingfive laba sp┘l┘
lenfourteen ratingfive temple run 2 is even more awesome than temple run, and that was pretty awesome!
lenfive ratingfive it's an amazing game.
lenfourteen ratingfive awesome sequel to temple run, lots more fun with better graphics and cool scenery.
lentwelve ratingfive there are a few bugs that should be ironed out, nothing major.
leneleven ratingfive also the shield power up sucks compared to the old invisibility.
lenthree ratingfive but overall sweet!
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing!
lenseven ratingone pay as u go bull crap.delete!
lenten ratingfive this game is truly amazing with its challenges and rewards
lenfour ratingone doesnt work on sidekick 4g
leneight ratingfive the best temple run ever can wait for 3
leneleven ratingthree i scored over 20 million with 25000+ coins and it lost my stats!
lentwo ratingfive better graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game :)
lennineteen ratingthree like the new game hate that all my coin get lost when i power up with out wanting to.
lenseven ratingfive twice as good as the original, great.
lenfour ratingfive endless entertainment for all.
lenfour ratingfive love the new graphics.
lentwelve ratingfive and the introduction of gems and how they're earned is epic.
lennine ratingfour great game once u get faster with the fingers.
lenfive ratingfive character so cute good gamee
leneleven ratingfive even my 3 year old loves it and plays it very well!
lensix ratingfour much more entertaining than the original.
lenthirteen ratingone it starts up on imangi studios then freezes and goes back to hime.
lentwentyseven ratingone tried reinstalling about 10 times same thing happens although temple run 1 works perfectly fine i would rate if it actually works has anyone got a solution for me ?
lenthirteen ratingone after new update still doesn't fcking work fck u btches mother fckers
lenfive ratingfive this game is so awesome!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfifteen ratingthree but when i crashed in the mine cave and it took away 2,000 of my coins.
lenfive ratingthree it happened two times now.
lenfive ratingone everting was good 2 days ago.
lensix ratingone after update game is not usable
lennine ratingfive running without any problems ever since i downloaded it.
lenseven ratingfive great sequel, i'm absolutely loving it.
lentwelve ratingfour its awesome im addicted but one problem it keeps clitchn plz fix
lenthirteen ratingfour this one is so hard the colors are to close to each other.
lennine ratingfive can somebody tell me what life time coins are?
lentwentyfive ratingfive it took ages to get the 1st temple run after iphone had it and then you release number 2 at the same time and it is amazing
lentwentythree ratingfive this is far better than the previous one, it has some cool characters and the view is beautiful, i really enjoyed playing it.
lennineteen ratingone ths app sucks, i have had to down load and uninstall  this app 5 time cause it keep freezing up.
lentwelve ratingfive you wont beleive after just installng i ended up playing 106 games continuesly!
lenthirtythree ratingtwo crashed and shutdown/froze my phoje for 5 hours, when i finally got it restarted it deleted all the games data as if it was a new game; played on an htc one x.
lentwelve ratingfive absolutely brilliant much better than the first will be recommending this one .
lenthirtytwo ratingone great games but on the note the tilt function doesnt work so kept dying when i need to tilt8 phone  please fix once fixed ill rate better but for now only one star
lenfourteen ratingtwo if there was no lag when you jump, or try swiping left, or right.
lenfourteen ratingtwo hate it when you get so far and it lags.and ruins your flow.
lenseven ratingfive it's great better boards more excitement
lenfifteen ratingfour i giving it four becuz the graphics are little slow but otherwise it is awesome .
lenthirteen ratingfour aftr the update.now its working smooth.and thanks for fixing the issue.
leneleven ratingthree cant move so when you  tilt to collect coins you  cant
lenten ratingfive i say this is the best game on the market!
lenseventeen ratingfive there is a giant demen monkey running after you i love preshir and my high score is 95178 :)
lenseven ratingfive its so fun my kids love it.
lenseven ratingfour closes sometimes when using the green diamond !
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lentwelve ratingfive except for the ape being too big,this game is really awesome
leneight ratingone after thousands of coins are gathered, they disappear.
lenthirteen ratingone its frustrating to have 5000 coins one second and 1000 the next without ever upgrading.
lenseven ratingfour the best game for mobile phones ever
leneleven ratingone i keep on losing my accumulated coins for no apparent reasons.
leneleven ratingone i hope there would be an update to fix this bug.
lenfour ratingone im using a galaxy s3.
lenthree ratingfive really awsome game.
lentwentynine ratingfive great game its way better than the first but i wish i could see all of the achievements and i wish i could unlck them whenever i wanted them
leneleven ratingfive this game is a very good addision to the first one
lenthirtyfive ratingthree im not sure if any one else has had the same prob but on my experia ion after update my stats are all gone now and the app freezes after the turtorial and never restarts
leneleven ratingfive this game is very addicting and fun cant stop playing it! >.<
lenseven ratingfour so repetitive like the last 1 bored already
lenfive ratingfive temple run 2 screams imma boss
lenfourteen ratingthree i liked it more than the original one but it need many fixes imangi .
lenfortyfive ratingthree when i engage 2 speed boosts consequently some the 2nd fails and throw me of the cliff or i hit the tree.i suffer from many lags and glitches.my phone is powerfull htc one x running on jellybean and the game graphics are set on lowest .
lentwentyeight ratingthree when iam using a powerup and collect another one of the same type it doesnt add to the time of the first while the time must be extended .
lenseven ratingthree 5 stars when bugs are fixed .level 8 sucks
lentwelve ratingfive it is a brilliant and fun game for people to play on
lenthirteen ratingfive it's the best game l've ever played ib a life time.
lenfour ratingfive harder now with hills
lennine ratingfour love it's but is kinda slow at times
lentwelve ratingfive it is an excellently designed to give the ultimate satisfaction and thrill.
lenthree ratingfive just plain awesomeness
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenfour ratingfive the graphics are awesome.
lenfour ratingfive i recommend this game.
lensix ratingfour pretty good successor to temple run.
lenfifteen ratingfour the only issue i see is an occasional game crash when i select "save me"
lenfour ratingfour using a green gem
lenfive ratingfive best gift on my vacation.
lenseven ratingfive no one game is better than this.
lenfour ratingfive god bless you developers.
lensixteen ratingfour it needs more to it but i love it it is better then the first one!
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time.
lenthree ratingfour very additive stuff.
lenten ratingfive awsome game and i love it more than the first
lenthree ratingfour time killer gamee.
lenfiftyone ratingone i have downloaded temple run 2 on my samsung galaxy s3 and it works fine but when i downloaded this onto this device which is (dell streak 5) is not working and it doesn't even load and closes itself without any message so if this problem is fixed i will give 5 star thanks.
lenseventeen ratingone i look forward to hear from imangi studio soon with their new update to solve this problem.
lentwentyseven ratingone and also i need to mention that the first one was too fast and i have wrote a review about that problem but nothing has been fixed.
lenfifteen ratingfour to me it doesn't quite have the original temple run feel, but its entertaining.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive runs perfect on my droid razr max.
lensix ratingfive cool game, fast action, the best
lenthirteen ratingfive imangi comes back to us with yet another life or death running game.
lenfour ratingfive great game, love it!
lentwentyfour ratingfive i did find a bug: power-ups that require two or more gems to make it last longer say that it only takes one.
lenseventeen ratingone very bad  i installed this game in my mobile, its hanging when i open and play this.
lentwentyfour ratingfive really good quality, much more adventure, i live how you get the rope and how you get tasks,i like the range of characters
lensix ratingfive so glad that temple run2 is free! !
leneleven ratingfive has really good graphics and there is more to look at !
lentwelve ratingtwo same reason i quit playing the first one.swipes are not registering.
lentwenty ratingtwo great ideas with the cave and ropes but none of that matters if the swipe actions work whenever they want.
lenseven ratingtwo no other game gives me this issue.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome  :-)
lensixteen ratingfour this is a real upgrade from setting your own quality to the graphic of the run.
leneleven ratingfour it's really fun to play to on any pass time.
lenfourteen ratingfour that being said it takes a while on my phone, also it skips often.
lennine ratingfour i usually wait about 5 to 7 seconds before hitting play.
lenseven ratingfour from that it's smooth like chocolate.
lenseven ratingone stayed on the imanji studios screen forever.
lenfour ratingone and crashes on sidekick 4g.
lenfifteen ratingone stays on imanji studio screen for 2minutes at least and starts to work on ipod touch.
lennine ratingfour it's way better than temple run 1 for sure.
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfour ratingfive couldn't be better
lenten ratingfive coin shud f diffrnt color.othrwise imangi u rok guys.
lenfive ratingone my device isn't compatible :(
lenseven ratingfour addictive little game, simple,playable and addictive.
lenfive ratingfour touch screen controls kept simple.
lenthree ratingfive its freakin awesome
lenseven ratingfive other games has nothing on tempel run 2!
lennineteen ratingfive oj its oj oj oj oj oj oj oj oj oj and kinda ok ok oj but more oj
lenseven ratingfive i've since deleted the original game.
lensix ratingfive this one is world's better.
lenfourteen ratingfive one suggestion - make it an option to buy gems with coins/coins with gems.
leneight ratingfive like 5,000 coins for 1 gem, or 1 gem for 5,000 coins.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingone it crashes before you can even play!
lensix ratingfive awesome graphics very addictive loved it?
leneighteen ratingfive this a game is the best and it will be the best for the rest of my life
lentwentythree ratingfive love the new version of temple run except for the fact that i cant see the coins clearly becoz of the ground color!
lenthree ratingfive excellent free app
lentwentyseven ratingtwo while definitely and improvement from the original temple run, in that it is more interesting, there are many new flaws that frustrate me time and time again.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo first, the color of the grass around the path, and is too similar to that of the path itself, and making it very difficult to determine whether there is only one direction to turn or not.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo secondly, unlike the original, i keep finding myself dying unfairly because i swipe up to jump over an obstacle and my runner does not respond.
lensixteen ratingone the game keeps eating my gems every time i try to unlock the second powerup spot
lentwelve ratingthree this app is so addictive but is so hard to stay alive!
lenseventeen ratingthree i can get well over 1million on the ipad but struggle to get over 500,000 on this android app.
lenfifteen ratingfive let me tell you, this is the best game i've played on my s3 yet!
lenthirteen ratingfive gfx are superb, game play is awesome, you feel rewarded for your runs.
lenfive ratingfive top notch development right here!
lensix ratingfive brilliant follow up to the original!
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much
lenfour ratingthree so addictive and fun.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingfour better than the first temple run.!
lenthree ratingfour well graphics dan tr1
lennine ratingfour i all the time upg wrong upgrades(by mistake).
lentwelve ratingfive would like to be able to use touch control instead of tilt.
lenseventeen ratingthree game auto updated  and erased all my progress i want my 120 gems back and my 2k coins wtf
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfortythree ratingone i had purchased the 150k coin pack and have yet to receive it, i have emailed them twice and no response, i know have a 10 dollar charge for something i can't use, it would easily get a 5 start if they would just respond
leneight ratingfive i love this game it's the true
lenseven ratingfive nice good that you choosed this game
lentwelve ratingfive thts the game i want .addictive , creative , full of fun n adventures
lentwo ratingfour excellent game!
lenseventeen ratingfour still little problems with the game such as lag but other thank that im giving it a 4
lenfive ratingfive it just keeps getting better!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is so much better than the last one its even more detaled
leneleven ratingfive it is so incredibly addicting it will take over your life!
lenfive ratingfive i promise it's amazinggg
lenthree ratingfive loving this game
lenseven ratingfive great game better graphics helps pass time
lensix ratingfive its interesting and has more detail.
lenfour ratingfive its a bit addictive.
lennine ratingfour your deaths may not be good for your ego!
lenfour ratingfour checkpoints would be cool.
lensixteen ratingfive some small stutters here and there but not enough to give it any lower than 5 stars.
lentwentyone ratingfour but just 4 star, because lot of time i navigate rght or left sites,  but the runner jumping or not do nothing.
leneleven ratingfour i play this game in tablet, so a lillte bit hard.
lentwelve ratingfour but if you put left end right button i add a 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive dis shyt iz tew fie
leneleven ratingfive i love the scenery and i like the idea of gems!
leneight ratingfive the mine is great but i struggle there
lennine ratingfive best idea maybe the next one could be missions?
lenfive ratingone tmpl run 1 is more better
leneight ratingfour awwwwwwweeesommmmmeeeeeeeeee  beats the crap outa the old one.
lentwentyfive ratingfour does kill battery really quickly and i bought the coon doubler and i never got it even though google play store says i have it
lenthirteen ratingfive super game and so is the temple run 1 but this 1 is even better !
lensix ratingthree revised: new update makes this unplayable.
lentwelve ratingthree i can only get go like 100k points and that's pushing it.
leneight ratingthree i'm taking away 2 stars game is great.
lenfour ratingthree obviously better than the 1st.
lenseven ratingthree no real issues like with the 1st two.
lensix ratingthree graphics and game play are sweet.
lentwo ratingthree great job
lenseven ratingfour it's really awesome and very addictive
lentwenty ratingthree great game and really fun to play but i always had to reinstall coz it stopped working for no reason
leneight ratingtwo the first temple run is so much better.
lenseven ratingtwo this one just isn't as fun.
lenseven ratingtwo i still play the first one more
lensix ratingfive sooooo much better than the original
lensix ratingfour the game and graphics are excellent.
lenseven ratingfour i like this one better that part 1.
lenfiftyone ratingfour the only thing is that i'm not able to use this game on my phone, sony ericsson xperia arc s. it is upgraded to ics but i think it's because of the limited internal storage or i don't know what, but the game lags and freezes many times.
lenseven ratingfour on my samsung galaxy note2 however runs smoothly.
leneight ratingfour dev please look into the same if possible.
lenfifteen ratingfive its so much and its gone harder but still the best the  places r awesome
lenfour ratingfive im giving this 5 star.
lensixteen ratingfive i great helper when your standing in the subway train waiting to arrive in your destination.
leneighteen ratingfive my recent objectives was to get 500,000 lifetime coin.s im on 550,000-ish now and it doesnt level up.
leneight ratingfive i mean i dont get the check mark.
lensix ratingfive great sequel loving it thus far
lennine ratingfive great graphics, more entertaining and interesting than temple run.
lenfour ratingfive a far better adventure
lentwelve ratingfive one of the best games on,android, play it before dislikin it
leneighteen ratingone every time i try to play the game it crashes please fix, my phone is not that  old
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lentwo ratingfive addictive game!
lentwentyone ratingfive because the graphics are better and there is lots moor good things to go in lick the mime and the roap
leneighteen ratingone i press on the app and i just shows me that green mark and then my phonr crashes .
lentwentytwo ratingone takes long time to load, never actually made it to the game because it closes on me all the time-_- not kool
lentwo ratingfive great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive always fun to play.
lenfortytwo ratingthree iv played this on other devices but i dont understand why it doesnt work on my phone it stays on the loading screen and after awhile it takes me out of the app please help and yes its compatible on my phone
leneleven ratingfive a good sequel to the original, with better and harder obstacles
lenthree ratingfive much  improved graphics.
leneighteen ratingone i love this game, but i recently paid for 55 gems and 2 days later still have not recieved them.
lenthirteen ratingone i would rate 5 stars if the paid features of this game actually worked.
leneighteen ratingone its a free game, but if i pay for something, i would think i would receive it promptly.
leneleven ratingfive this is the best game i ever played .i love it!
lensix ratingthree not as responsive as the original.
leneighteen ratingthree when tackling alot of obstacles in a short time can die easily as the game cant keep up.
lentwelve ratingfive this app makes my daughter so happy she love it so much
lenone ratingfive est│ entrenamiento
leneleven ratingfive only thing they need is to have the tilt sensitivity adjust.
lensix ratingfive lively graphics and fun to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive i believe this game has help and gave adults a sync of immaturity
lenseven ratingfive i play this game all the time!
lentwelve ratingfive it is the best sequel ever.can't put my tablet down!
lenthirteen ratingfive i love how the characters are cheaper, but i wish there were more.
lennine ratingfive i have all the characters in there other game.
lenten ratingfive i also think the zip line was a big success!
lennine ratingfive it was really fun seeing it the first time!
lensix ratingfive imangi, you've done it again!
leneight ratingfive good but lags a lot on xperia j
lennine ratingone this app does not work on my samsung infuse 4g .
leneight ratingfive this game is so addicting i love it
lennine ratingfive simply awesome game.i like to play all day
leneighteen ratingfour but itd be cool if you could buy a challenge to complete it kinda like on subway surfers
lentwentyfive ratingfive i love it and i love the whole cart thing.put more fun stuff like that in it.temple run keeps getting better and better!
leneleven ratingfour i honestly love this game but it lags way to much.
lenfive ratingfour great play, graphics and sound.
lenthirteen ratingthree i have purchased coins and gems and haven't had them show up.
lensixteen ratingthree i recently purchased the 50000 coin pack and it has yet to show up in the game.
lenthirteen ratingthree today i purchased the 150 gem package and that didn't show up either!
lenfourteen ratingthree i spent my hard earned money on this and want what i paid for!
lenthirteen ratingfour a little laggy, but that's just because i have a bad phone.
lenfive ratingfour overall a really fun game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lenthree ratingfour fun more challenging
lensixteen ratingtwo i get stuck at home screen can't do anything.(please fix) otherwise love the  game.
lenthree ratingthree love dis game.
lentwelve ratingone play on samsung stratosphere and the game is not smooth at all.
lenfive ratingfive i cant stop playing it.
lenseven ratingfive i play it during class all day!
lenfive ratingfive its amazingly fun and awesome
lenfour ratingfive great 3d affect, great game.
lennineteen ratingfive would like to see option to turn the monkey off for practice but its great the way it is.
lensix ratingfour mein danke sh?n bleibt silbern!
lenthree ratingfive awesome sauce em
lennine ratingfive works great with my device sony ericsson and tablet!
lentwo ratingfour amazing game.
lentwelve ratingfour so glad that they got that dumb save me glitch fixed up.
leneight ratingfour only comment is that its kinda too easy.
lennineteen ratingfour the first one is more challenging because once u get to a higher score it doesnt speed up much.
lennine ratingfour i got to 7.8 million easy with just a 40x multiplier
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting ?!
lensixtyseven ratingthree started sluggish after a couple of days usage :( moving 5 star to 3. my old comment was bellow   ""sluggish, slow, tillt 180＜ to 0＜ to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity. tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found. sounds like its not optimized for note 1. the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note. as of now it deserves single star""
lentwentyeight ratingfour i enjoy the game, got about 1.400.000 but the tilting sensitivity is not good as i have to tilt ma phone 45＜ in order not to fall off the track.
lennine ratingfour therefore im unable to clearly see whats next lol.
lenthree ratingfive simply superb experience
lenfortythree ratingfive absolutely amazing this is ssooooooooooo ,much better than the original i absloutley love it i can't stop playing it i'm addicted and hooked and best of all its free my score is currently ten million ahhhhh barb gonna play some more?!
lenthirtyone ratingfour i love its every thing but the problem is that it is not tilting :( it is just stucked at one side please please fix this problem ! then i will rate it 5/5
lenfourteen ratingfive i didn't like the first one but this is great!i love it
lensixteen ratingone see on nii n?me m?ng enda telefonist ma n?en ainult ime pisikest pilti
lentwelve ratingfive ce jeu est tr┬s beau il te donne l'envi de le pratiquer
lensix ratingfive much improved on the original game.
leneight ratingfive being able to choose runner is ┐ great take
lentwo ratingthree cool game.
lenfour ratingfive temple run 2 macht spa?!
lenfour ratingfive ich spiele es immer!
lenthree ratingfive ich liebe es!
lenthirteen ratingfive wow,,,,,!  very excellent game, i like this game, because the game is very ?
lenseven ratingfive lion ink on moonshine is ┐ swim me
lentwelve ratingfive the quality gives you a big feeling that this game is fun.
lenten ratingfive this game is definately better than the original temole run?
lenten ratingfive muito boa atualiza?o. ficou muito melhor q o primeiro.
lenfour ratingfive i love＝100 this game.
lenthree ratingfive a vil│gon a legjobb j│t└k!
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsome
lenthirty ratingtwo first time its opened.but now its closing automatically after showing the imangi picture.please fix it.i love it cause i played after first download.but now not opening
lenfourteen ratingfive nice graphics but please connect fb so v can compete our scores with frends.
lentwentysix ratingthree i buyed the 50 gems for ?3.15 and i have not recieved them please sort it out because if they dont come up i have wasted my money!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingone ? na merda.lentissimo va a scatti
lentwelve ratingfour apparently, the game does not run on a samsung galaxy s yp-g1.
lentwentyfour ratingfour the game opens with the splash screen, like it's supposed to, but then it freezes, vibrates for a second and the app crashes.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is a great game, but it can't support this particular device.
lenseven ratingfive the o's will not stop finishing.
lenthirteen ratingfour its a good game but it frezzes somtimes i really like the appovmenta
lenseven ratingfive way better than the original temple run!￥
lennine ratingone jeeze, this wastes my time laggs o? the mytouch
lensix ratingfive this is awesome and really fun!
lentwo ratingfive est│ la raja!
lentwentyseven ratingfour i absoluty love this game but there needs to be more characters.then i would rate 5 stars * other than that this is way better than temple run 1.
lenone ratingfive ?oook g┨zel
leneight ratingfive molto pi┫ difficile del primo per questo stanca difficilmente
lenthree ratingfive great game on ′3
lenfive ratingfive awesome keep it up #period?
lentwo ratingfour super┏ la primera!
lenseventeen ratingone sorry guys, its really disappointing, little better than the previous version still it deserves a single star .
lentwelve ratingone sluggish, slow, tillt 180＜ to 0＜ to collect coins, missing settings for selecting sensitivity.
lensixteen ratingone tried the same game on s2 it was realty amazing none of the note specific issues found.
lenseven ratingone sounds like its not optimized for note 1.
lennine ratingone the temple run 1 works just amazing on my note.
lensix ratingone not recommending for galaxy note 1 users
lenten ratingfive muito melhor do que a.primeira vers?o. podem baixar!
leneleven ratingthree i've often had annoying little tid bits with the game.
lentwentyone ratingthree one was upgrading your ability that can be used after collecting enough found, says it cost 1 gem, but takes 2 each time.
lensixteen ratingthree plus the fact that those upgrades are one time uses makes it that much more annoying.
lentwentythree ratingthree plus i the first areas, there are often ￣undodgeable￣ spots, with both the spinning blades and the river being at the same spot.
lenfour ratingthree although, overall, great game!
lenfortytwo ratingfour this an awsome game, i think temple run 1&2 r way better then all the other games that have come out just like it but 4 some reason i can't get it to download (2) on my phone(error 498) samsung, any1 know how to fix.
lensix ratingfive ?i cel mai tare temple run
lenfourteen ratingthree its ok but its not as smooth feeling or flowing as original temple run.
lentwo ratingthree game rates @ 3.5￥
lenfive ratingfive this game is very fun.℃￥
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play .
lenseven ratingfive the only problem,it kills your battery  .
lenfive ratingone force closes all the time t笂t
leneight ratingfour it is a lot better than temple run.
lennine ratingfour h?i ch┏ng m?t 1 ch┣t nh?ng c?ng kh│ hay
lenfive ratingfive i play all day long ヤ
lentwentyfour ratingthree great game but it says a need 1.000.000 coin objective when stats say a have well over a life time million coins why is this
lenfive ratingfive awesome this is hard┬r than temple run1
lenthree ratingfive c'est tr┬s chouette.
lenthree ratingfive love gu┴a d 444 game
lenseven ratingfour i'm left with to objectives now.
lentwenty ratingfour but i just completed one of the two i.e. midas 1000000 lifetime coins but, still it's showing the objective.
lenfour ratingfive thizz game izz awesum .
lenseven ratingfive most interesting game ever played awesome excellent
lennine ratingfive one of best games currently on the play store.
lensix ratingfive a great improvement on the original.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennineteen ratingfive not working on my phone i  dont know why may something wrong on my phone please help me out
leneight ratingfive visual is very good and respon as well
lentwenty ratingone i bought 50k coins for 4.99 50,000 coin pack (temple run 2)us$4.99  i got a confirmation of thank you for my prchase but!
lentwenty ratingone there areno coins showing on the applications.that's just not right.when do i expect to have my coins?!
lenten ratingfive awesomezzz its a very nice time pass n entertaining game
lenseventeen ratingfive much more reactive gameplay, better graphics, didn't lose the classic feel of the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive excellent work by imangi.
lensix ratingfour great improvement from the first one.
lenfourteen ratingone only loading screen comes and then screen goes black and return to home screen .
lenfive ratingfive i kiked it very muuchhhhh
leneleven ratingfive aisa h ji it is nw bcm an addiction for me
lenthirteen ratingfour i am already more than 500k lifetime coins and the objective wasn't completed.
lenfour ratingfive i like i like
lenfour ratingfive its a awesome game.
lenfive ratingfive great graphics.really loved it.
lentwo ratingfive maza agya
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive but how to unlock powers?
lensix ratingfive it's simple an amazing games.
leneight ratingfive they have outdone themself by a great note
lenfive ratingfive amazing game waiting for tr 3
lensix ratingfive awsome for me love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive it's amazing to play n why we can't continue from the same situation.
lenseven ratingfive overall a very good, must have game
lenfive ratingfive this is a time killer!
lennine ratingfive very nice game i ever played graphics very nice .
lenthirteen ratingfive this version is way better than the first temple run i love it
lenseven ratingfive i could play this game all day.
lennine ratingfive i never imagined temple run would be those good!
lenseven ratingfour i love this game its to good .
lenfive ratingfive game works great no complaints
lentwo ratingone bad update
lentwelve ratingfive its a awesome game and i like it better than the one
lentwo ratingfive awsome game.
lentwelve ratingtwo do you guys have any intentions of fixing the footstep volume issue?
lenfourteen ratingtwo its not a huge deal, but it is small things that perfect the app.
lenseven ratingfour highly addictive could do  with checkpoints though
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing!
lenthree ratingfive nice to ply
lenseven ratingthree love the graphics,  but a little glitchy.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
leneight ratingfive great game my kids and i love it.
lenfive ratingthree not working on dell streak.
lennine ratingthree can u plz fix d problem by sending update?
lentwentyfour ratingfour while the power meter is in use, this thing should be, the power ups that will pick up is added to the power meter.
lenthirty ratingfour as i play the game the power meter expires and picked up another ups then the power meter expired so as the brand new picked up ups.(both same up)
lensixteen ratingfive i love the graphics as well as dying and getting a new life in the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive however, i do not like that i lose my coins with each game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i like to be able to play and save like on the original temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is the best game i had ever played its my favorite game
lenfourteen ratingfive one if the best game keep me entertain everytime i play it love it
lenfive ratingfive m jz speechless abt it.
lensix ratingfive very addicting game another good one
lenseven ratingfive very nice game to forget ur time.
lenfourteen ratingfour i play quite often during class when i don't need to pay attention.
lenfifteen ratingfive luv it sooo much exams are approaching but can't leave this game sooooooo addicting
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lentwo ratingfive nice app.
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
leneight ratingfive i rele like this app now. :) good job!
lentwelve ratingtwo lags way too much, so i can't turn corners without dying.
leneight ratingone you guys suck you the thing doesnt work
lenseven ratingone worst, it never open on my mobile
lenfive ratingfour excelent game for time pass.
lenthree ratingfive an xtreme game
lenfive ratingone flashes package data file invalid
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthree ratingfive goooooooooood veeeerrrrrtry nice
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfour ratingfive love love love it
leneight ratingfive great but challegases take to long to complete
lenten ratingthree challenging but i think they've made it to complicated!
leneight ratingfive its almost like what im holding a phone
lenten ratingone wuldnt start am also wuldnt update on my galaxy tab.
lensix ratingone i realy want 2 try this game.
lennine ratingfour juz i want rates can i had free germ?
lentwo ratingfive simply superb
lentwentyone ratingfive great game but there is a delay on controls, i hate iphone but can actually say i prefer the apple version
lensix ratingfive no comments on this gam e
lenthirteen ratingthree does anyone notice that the coin accumulation points don't add up properly?
lentwentyfive ratingthree i would have say 3500 coins, play a game earning another 2000, attempt to get an update, for the game to state that i have say 1700 coins.
lensix ratingthree does this happen to anyone else?
lentwo ratingfour better levels
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is very addictive, and it makes time go by a lot faster.
leneight ratingfour great game to past da time highly addictive
lentwo ratingfive super 3d game
leneight ratingfive better than old 1 and just all around fun
lenfive ratingfour good game but somewhat buggy.
lenfive ratingfive my son really loves it!
lentwentythree ratingfive when is part 3 coming needs to have more stages every time i advance & not start all over bt pickup where u left off
lenfive ratingfive best game ever.play it
lenten ratingfive this game is go for when you are bored xxxxx
lenten ratingfour luv this new version.bt add some more sound effect
lenten ratingfive i love temple run.but this 1 is better than 1.thanks.
lenseven ratingfive this game is amazing and very entertaining.
lenfour ratingfive i enjoy playing it.
lenthree ratingfive love love love!
lenseven ratingfive just scored 9,300,000 what are yall high score
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfive ratingfive this game is the truth.
lensix ratingfive way better the the first version.
lenninetyone ratingfour pros: better graphics a character building system (rpg like) ;more actions (your character will now ride mine carts and slide down zip lines) ;more forgiving (they improved the angel wings feature - now when you die you can choose to use a gem that you collect in the game while running to revive yourself.) cons: the tutorial doesnt go over the the mine cart controls;  power-ups dont have stacking feature (if you use the magnet power up and you pick up another magnet that doesnt prolong the effect of the mag
lenten ratingfour for some reasion it is glitchy on my gingerbread os.
lenfifteen ratingfour it will play fine for several runs then becomes glitchy again which renders it unplayable.
lennine ratingfour rebooting phone helps but only for a short time.
lenfour ratingfive the game is better
lentwelve ratingfive its crazy as hell and i enjoyed every bit of temple run 2
lentwentyone ratingone a joke of an app for samsung galaxy w the lag is unreal and it stops you from playing the game!
lensix ratingfive enjoying temple run 2  designed to perfection
lenfive ratingthree keep loosing coins not cool
lensix ratingfive it is a very addictive gme.
lentwo ratingfive hot game
lenfour ratingfive i love  this game
lentwo ratingfour nice game!
lenseventeen ratingfour addicted to this game is so much fun and my 4 year old son loves this game to .
lennineteen ratingthree if this is your first temple run experience you're bound to have a lot of fun with it.
lensixteen ratingthree if, however, you've played the first temple run to death, expect more of the same.
leneighteen ratingthree very pretty but not doing much stand out from the hundreds of other endless runner clones out there.
lenfour ratingfive good and addictive game
lensixteen ratingone im a level 8 n the app wont open please fix i cant wait for the update
lentwo ratingfive great job
lenthirteen ratingfive fun game, great to have to challenge people and beat their high score
lenfive ratingfive best graphics love this game
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
leneighteen ratingthree can't fault the game but after spending the ?3 on the coin doubler it never appeared in game.
leneight ratingthree no response from imangi in over a week.
leneight ratingthree if fixed i'll add the other 2 stars!
lenthree ratingfour its fun game
lentwo ratingfour simply superb
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneight ratingfive graphics are supreme on my motorola droid razor.
lenfour ratingfive its awsome game really
lensix ratingfive super addictive, and never the same
lentwo ratingfive yo yo
lenthirteen ratingone when i try to open the game it gets stuck on the title.
lennine ratingone please fix it so i can enjoy this game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive im enjoyin it very much!
lensix ratingfour i've played for like 5 hours
lenfour ratingfive totally addictive and free!
lenthree ratingfive definitely worth downloading :)
lenfour ratingfour a gr8 sequel temple run!
lenseven ratingone not working on older generation arm v6 devices.
lentwenty ratingone i am sure manufacturers must have paid developers so that old devices are not supported and people buy new phones
lenthree ratingfive top shelf game.
lenthree ratingfour needs more achievements.
lentwenty ratingfour i just have the final 2 left which have made the game rather boring since they take so long to complete.
lenseven ratingfour really its very good game  graphics excellent
lennine ratingfive omg i lovethi s game siooooooooo much w?ooooo
leneight ratingfive this a definite improvement over the first one.
lenfour ratingfive great graphics and playability.
lentwo ratingtwo great game.
lenfive ratingtwo sensativity needs greatly improving tho.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo have to tilt my phone almost completely landscape to play sum points which is near impossible to do in time during the high speed parts
lentwo ratingfive superb game
leneleven ratingfive much better than the first and the first line was excellent!
lenthirtyfour ratingfour if sprint start to fade away while on a rope, you won't go back to normal speed wise, which quite often means when you get of the rope you fill into a pit.
lenseven ratingfive samsung music duos .very good nice app
lenseven ratingfive great app does not lag on nexus!
lenfour ratingfive i love the minecart!
leneight ratingfive amazing game way better than the first one
lentwenty ratingfour awesome game.almost all my friends n family plays this game in free time.however d tilting should be smooth.
lentwo ratingfive perfect addiction.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive it is a must have game.i m addicted to.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenfive ratingfive his new name wrong turn 2
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingone back button not working after game competetion
lentwelve ratingfive awesome game.much nice n easier to play compare to old version
lenthirteen ratingfive glitches on droid x occasionally but well worth the zero dollars i paid.
leneight ratingfive one of, if not thee, best app available.
lentwelve ratingfour why does my coins reduce even tho i don't buy anything?
leneight ratingone its so boring looking for a good game?
lenthree ratingone try subway surfers
lentwelve ratingfour i like this game but still think that the original is better.
lenfifteen ratingone i can't even get past the tutorial cuz it won't let me turn.
lennine ratingone i have the htc thunderbolt and the game sucks!
lenfour ratingfive this game is fun
lenfive ratingfive this game really entertain people.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is far more better and smoother than the 1st part of temple run.
lensix ratingfive all new graphics and new hurdles.
lenthree ratingfive just super awesomeness.
lennine ratingtwo why doesn't it load after the load screen!
lentwenty ratingone lvl9's objectives are just asking users to keep wasting lots of time to collect lifetime coins, distance, but not challenging.
lentwelve ratingone and there is no accumulating power up effect for the same power.
leneighteen ratingone died several times when previous boost end while i just take another boost which should not end yet
lenthree ratingfour very nice game.
lenthirtyone ratingfour good graphics but when i got magnet power and run after that i got again magnetic power but it was not renewal it was finished in  that particular time not extended
lennine ratingfive the best game ever and it never lags 5 stars (:
lentwentyseven ratingtwo lags on samsung exibit two but love it on my wifes iphone please update hate getting a good run then falling to my death because of lag
lenthree ratingfive super like temple  run2
lenfour ratingfive great game to play.
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addictive !
lensix ratingfive my favorite game .my high scores 945,000.
lenten ratingfour the game is good but tilting need to be improved
lenthirteen ratingfour even after achieving 0.5 million coins, the objective is still pending & displayed as unachieved.
lenfourteen ratingfive the game is nice, but my amount of coins changes every time i play.
lenthirteen ratingfive i don't even purchase anything and the amount i have will decrease.
leneight ratingfive i can't update it * whining*.?h.,.nevermind
lentwelve ratingone it starts going there but then vibrates and exits please fix it !
lenthirty ratingthree i lowered the stars because the objectives are a little out of this world i just finished my 1,000,000 meter challenge now i have to get 10,000,000 plus i need 500,000 lifetime coins.
lenten ratingthree on top of that i need to get 1,000,000 lifetime coins.
leneleven ratingthree game devs should really change the objectives to something more possible.
lenthirteen ratingthree by the time i get 10,000,000 meters theres probably gonna be a temple run 3.
lenseven ratingfive im addicted i play this game everyday!
lensix ratingone turning in tunnel  is nt viewable.
lenseven ratingone why make one of the challenges impossible?
lenseventeen ratingone get 5 jewels in one run just cannot be done, you are lucky to get one nevermind five.
lennine ratingfive cool game but does the coin doubler actually work.
lentwo ratingfive superb game
lenseven ratingfive imangi is making better and better game
lennineteen ratingfour i had 20,000 coins then after i had another run i had 0 coins what the f**k happened plz fix
lenfour ratingfive what a game frds
lennineteen ratingfive wayyy better than the first more addicting and great how it changes temples by far awsome i love it(:
lenfifteen ratingfive it is realy good graffics nd i love the mine cart bit that is auwsome
lenten ratingthree it will not let me update and it keep freezing
lenfourteen ratingfive just simply awesome.addictive game.must try everyone.no words for the stunning graphics
lenseven ratingthree just make it sensitive as temple run.
lenten ratingfive i love temple run 2, it is my favorite game now.
lenthirteen ratingfive ever since temple run 2 came out i haven't been playing temple run 1
lentwelve ratingfive this game is very challenging yet the tilting is bad but awsome!
lenten ratingfour overall the game is very smooth and graphics are awesome.
lenfifteen ratingfour however, the tilting can still be improved as i feel that the response is slow(?).
lensix ratingfive a mint game like my girlfriend
lenthirtyfour ratingone actually i have a motorola defy, and such every game work, but since now this game doesn't work for me if you have a defy please tell me if it works for you.
lensix ratingfive good graphics and sequence of terrains
lenthree ratingfive awesome and fun
lensixtytwo ratingfour solid game that will entertain anyone for countless hours but still has the hangups from the previous title but the the most prominent problem i encounter with this game is the detection of how much i til it the screen, i could only slightly tilt my screen then my character is thrown across the screen hope this will resolved in the updates
leneight ratingfive its really awesome game.the graphics and the 3d .
lentwenty ratingone i have been experiencing constant problem while tilting in the game, can i know has anyone experienced the same problem?
lenseven ratingone force closes on the imangi sutdios logo.
lennine ratingone and i know my phone can run this game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive excellent graphics , enjoy to play .
lentwentytwo ratingone when i click on the app it loads but then it won't open same thing after update same again after update
lenseven ratingfive awsome game,  much better than temple run 1
lenthirteen ratingfive superb game but.it hanks in my htc one v please fix it
lenthirteen ratingfive first one bored me a little bit but addicted to this second one.
lenfour ratingfive perfect for passing time :)
lentwentysix ratingfour it's a great game but you reach the hard objectives too fast, i think it could be made for a longer enjoyable perioud of gameplay.
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lenfifteen ratingfour only issue is the save me feature sometimes freezes the game and shuts it down.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is very nice and make you feel to be no boored.
lennine ratingfive sorry for bad english, but is not my language.
lenten ratingone i have played the first temple run and loved it.
lentwentyfive ratingone the second temple run will not load on my samsung infuse and when it is fixed i'd love to change my review to 5 stars.
lenten ratingfive this is a fun littel game ive had no problems.
lenseven ratingone i hate it do not get upit
lenseven ratingthree this game takes really long to start!
lenfour ratingone very laggy, no leaderboards
lenseven ratingfive keep up the good work.great graphics.
lentwentysix ratingone i install the new update and all my stats were gone and all the memory was deleted, now i have to start all the way over.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenseven ratingfive i enjoy playing it , better than part 1
lenseventeen ratingfour it's a great game, but i do have an aspect or two that could be  improved.
lentwenty ratingfour the first being a clearer indication of which way the phone should be tilted for effective side to side movement.
lentwelve ratingfour the second, much more annoyingly, being the sensitivity of the upgrade selections.
lentwenty ratingfour if an unwanted upgrade is selected, for example, while scrolling through, i cannot indo it and it is incredibly frustrating.
lentwenty ratingfour please create a confirmation pop up screen or make the upgrade only selectable by tapping the price on the right.
leneighteen ratingthree some objectives at level 8-9 are ridiculous.so i'm done with this game.went from great to lame
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenten ratingfour makes the day go by faster but a little laggy
lenfive ratingone it lags with my phone.
lenfour ratingthree ?3.15 for a coin doubler?
lentwelve ratingthree can buy gta vice city for just a bit more than that.
lennine ratingfive just note to add more players to the game.
lenfour ratingfive anyway it's awesome.
lenthree ratingfive very adventurous game.
lentwo ratingfive double likes
lenfive ratingfive great game to kill time.
lenthree ratingfive simple and fun.
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its really good:)
leneight ratingfive this is the best game i ever seen.
lenfour ratingfive graphics are so perfect.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenseven ratingfive but need times to get used to
leneighteen ratingthree seems to have pretty rough frame rate at times, maybe it could be better optimised for the tegra 3?
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive gd game and amazing graphics
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingone my friends told me that this app is great.
lensix ratingone but everytime i open the app.
lenfive ratingthree very good game i enjoyed
lensix ratingfour a great way to waste time.
lennine ratingfour unfortunately, does not respond to my phone tilt sometimes.
lenten ratingfour the prices for the upgrades and the people are high.
lensix ratingfour good one waiting for 3 rd run
lentwo ratingfive awsom game.
leneleven ratingone beyond broken & i've left my 5 star review up long enough.
lensix ratingone 500k objective its stuck at halfway bar.
lenfive ratingone power ups don't stack.
lentwelve ratingone lots of lag gets you killed constantly, even on lowest graphic setting.
leneight ratingone avoid until they address more than restoring purchases.
lenthirteen ratingfive i love this game no problem at all times i play in my s3
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lensix ratingfour with great support for older phones
lenfourteen ratingthree is a great game but the tilting is bad you need to fix it!
lenseven ratingfour it was pretty good in previous version
lensix ratingfive good game love the different obstacles
lenseven ratingfive i think its very fun and addicting
lenfour ratingthree its an amazing game.
lennine ratingthree but my phone just switches off midway while playing.
lenfour ratingfive best  game for timepass
lenten ratingfive temple run 2 is much improved from the first temple run.
lenfour ratingfive i love both games!
lenthirtytwo ratingthree the game us good well optimized but their is sum bug in it my all score everything got reseted automaticllly i have to start from level 1st again plz just fix this issue
leneight ratingfive i love it but the first is better
lenfive ratingfive good graphics with good control
lensix ratingfive can't stop playing this game.
lensix ratingfive love it love it love it!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensixteen ratingthree i'm getting an error message saying that the application cannot be installed on default directory.
lenfifteen ratingfive i've never played a game like this and will never play in my future!
lentwo ratingfive five stars
lenthree ratingfive nice time pass
lenthirtyseven ratingfour i actually love the new one its more adventurous and more things to do and look at but but the tilting just isn't as great as the first one its to slow but its great game
lenseven ratingfive wonderful it works perfectly with my android
lenfive ratingfive it is very cool game
lenfourteen ratingthree the game not get resume after pressing the mobile home buttonin galaxy s advance.
lensix ratingfive the best game i ever play.
lenthree ratingfive ahmad rizwan chattha
lenfive ratingthree this game is so laggy.
lenseven ratingthree please fix and higher rating and reinstall .
lenthree ratingfive graphics gameplay sound.
lenthirtyfive ratingfour if i receive or disconnect an incoming call while the game is being played, it doesn't pause the game and when i return back to the game the previous game in progress is lost.
lentwenty ratingfour even if i pause a game in progress and use some other application and return back, same issue is faced.
lenseven ratingfour am using latest version with jelly bean.
lenseven ratingfour woow for free, are you kidding me.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour this game is amazing and very addicted so if you have that project you need to finish don't even think of play it because trust me you wouldn't finish it.
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo hey when i'm playing the game the buttons don't like to work i'll tap the screen but it won't work and i can play any other game just not temple run 2
lennine ratingfive love it, so much fun can't stop playing.
lenseven ratingfive sweetest game ever love love love it! !
lenfour ratingfive worlds most addictive game
lentwo ratingfive beautiful graphics.
lensix ratingfive very smooth and doesn't lag.
lennine ratingfive good game, especially can't complain because its free
lensix ratingfive this game it's very awesome
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenthirteen ratingfive so good concept acceleration was so good and good good game also enjoy
lenfive ratingfive bit more challenging then part 1.
lenfour ratingfive but a great game.
lentwo ratingfive owesum game:@
lensix ratingfive best game around kids love it.
lenfive ratingfive its faster and attractive game
lensix ratingfive smooth game play and awesome graphics
lennineteen ratingfive liked the first one, but this is even more complete and more challenging, graphics are stunning and runs smoothly.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive simply addicted.
lenthirteen ratingone i sh*t you not, i installed the update and my gems vanished.
lensix ratingone what the f*ck is uuuuup
leneight ratingfive it's a lot better than the first 1
lenfourteen ratingfive very very good.its free tht is the most amazing thing.waiting for temple run3
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lenfour ratingfour the graphics are great.
lentwentyfive ratingfour i just wish when you tripped or whatever that evil monkey didn't travel so close behind you to, it's hard to see anything.
lentwelve ratingfour but other than that, i like it much better then the original.
lennine ratingthree this game is what i expected it to be.
lenfive ratingthree i just love the graphics.
lenfour ratingthree tilting is a pain.
lenfourteen ratingthree graphics are awesome game is fun and challenging , but it lacks better power ups .
lentwelve ratingthree i dont understand  why the shield does not protect you from falling .
lensixteen ratingthree what is the purpose of the shield when you have already mastered not running into things .
lentwentytwo ratingthree also what about more characters who have a special ability or maybe even extra lifes for if you dont have anymore gems .
lenfifteen ratingthree im not impressed , you guys are great and i know you can do much better .
lenthirteen ratingfour awesome graphics,-it's  better than tr1! -but,it's also a lot harder!
lenten ratingfour & it's a real drag,you gotta start all over!
lensix ratingfour so,my new rate:4,instead of 5.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive i am liking this completely
lenfour ratingfive great game, awesome graphics!
lenfive ratingfive cool game x x x
lentwenty ratingone this game will not download an all my bars for signal connection is full please fix to get mote stars
lentwentythree ratingfive it has really nice grapics and everything just wish that the store  still have the speed things but everything else is really good .
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its really fun.
lennine ratingfour it require reasonably modern hardware and preferably a tablet.
lenseven ratingfour although probably ok on nexus 4 and equivalent.
lenthirteen ratingfour great, fast paste game if you have the hardware to run it comfortably.
lensix ratingfour it ceeps on spending my money
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingfive i like it alott very fun
lenten ratingfive i fuckin love this man i play all the time
lennineteen ratingone it's a shame that this game still doesn't work on my phone, even after the latest update.
lenthirteen ratingone please fix it, it doesn't start then returns to my home screen.
lentwentysix ratingfour the status bar for the objective of getting 500k lifetime coins is going up the same as the objective of getting a million lifetime coins please fix
lentwo ratingfive itz grt.
lennine ratingfour its really good but my data keeps getting deleeted :/
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics and excellent gameplay.
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lenfive ratingfive i bang out temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is the bomb, like the original temple run but on steroids.
lentwentytwo ratingfive it gets ya from the beginning just don't start playing unless you got some time in your hands it that addicting.
lensixteen ratingfive the game is great, fun entertaining, but it is a little skippy, it could be smoother.
lenthree ratingone please lg optimus
lentwelve ratingfour coin annimation is fine now, pls try to fix senstivity and get 5
leneight ratingfour i like it its better than the first
leneighteen ratingfive hello budy i was not big fan of temple run 1, but now i use to play ths game.
lentwelve ratingfive bv the tilting should be more gud as was in tample run 1.
lenthree ratingfive bad a$$ game
lensix ratingfive the best app very addictive game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenseven ratingfive really, you dont like because of titling?
lenseven ratingfive good to see different location and ropeway
lenseven ratingfive one of the best games on android.
lenseven ratingfive keep up the good work imangi studios.
lenthirteen ratingfour powers collected while running should stack if they are of the same type.
lensixteen ratingfour also, it would be better if upgrading power-ups did something other than give greater duration.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwentysix ratingfive the only thing i'm trippin on is the lag tht happens sometimes, i thinks its the game cuz it stops a lil when its updated
lenfortyone ratingone so i was listening to music and thought about playing temple run 2 .so i started the application and it did not start so i turned the music off to see if that was the problem and it would not start up.
lensixteen ratingone and also i have played temple run 2 a couple of times and this did not happen
lenfifteen ratingone its realy a cheap game because its hang everytime thats realy a huge bug uninstalled!
lentwo ratingfive seriously addicted
leneighteen ratingone no star because as soon i collect 2500 coins it reseyt to 0.why is it so?plz fix it
leneight ratingtwo didnt like much.not better than subway surfer
lenfive ratingfour way better than the original.
lenseven ratingfour it actually saves on my phone now.
lensixteen ratingfour on the other ahnd it does kinda skip a beat if you know what i mean
lenfive ratingfive it's an awsome game.
lenfive ratingfive best temple run so far.
lenseven ratingfive kewl game.:) i got 10 million in 2 days.:)
lentwo ratingfive marvelous app
lentwo ratingfour great game.
leneight ratingfour but some tilting problem.otherwise my rating is 5.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive running awsm on tegra 2
lenfortytwo ratingthree iv played this on other devices but i dont understand why it doesnt work on my phone it stays on the loading screen and after awhile it takes me out of the app please help and yes its compatible on my phone
lentwo ratingfive sweet game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfour ratingfive really addictive and fun
lentwentyeight ratingthree does not save potter progress after you pause it, leave the game on pause for two minutes, and it goes back to the main menu after you return.
lenseven ratingthree that's a lot of lost point.
lenfour ratingfive amazing, addictive game play.
leneight ratingfive stunning graphics and excellent stages and targets also.
lenthirty ratingfour looove this game but after the last update i'm facing tilting problems w sudden app shutdown.plz fix it asap.otherwise it would have definetly been a 5 star rating
lennine ratingfive the game works fluid and smooth on my gsiii.
lenfour ratingfive thank you imangi studio .
lenfive ratingfive it's ossam i scored 1500000
leneight ratingfive fun level, great graphics, and a fair difficulty.
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 is an awsome app
lensix ratingfour look the graphics and new obstacles!
leneighteen ratingthree way too many times my swipe goes unrecognized.not my phone, only happens in both temple run games.
lennine ratingfive there should be sensitivity controller as in temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive automatic sensitivity to is to low.
lennine ratingfive that i have to tilt my phone too much.
lennine ratingone u should add a sensitivity button for god sake!
lentwo ratingone poor tilting:-(
lenthree ratingfour nice follow up.
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is fantastic and i can't fault it, although it could have gems more frequently
lentwo ratingthree grat game
lennineteen ratingfive the graphics and range of obstacles along a much improved terrain had made this game do much more exciting.
lentwo ratingfive sexy game
lenseventeen ratingfive thanks for the update.nothing's more better than this game in world.a must download game
leneight ratingfive loved it the very first time i played.
lenfive ratingfour it's fun to play
lenfive ratingfive u can west ur time.
lenfive ratingfour very good, freezes alot tho
lenthree ratingfive sharp d brain. . .
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
leneleven ratingone every time i reach 3000 coins the same is getting reset to 850
lentwenty ratingfour its amazing game but it doesn't have online option & it will be better if we transfer gems to friends
lenthirteen ratingfour after swapping from sd card to phone memory, lagging problem has been solved.
lentwentytwo ratingfour if you're facing performance issue then i'll recommend you to swap the game to phone memory if it's not.
lennine ratingone this game is horrible cant tilt on my galaxy s2
lentwelve ratingfive don have any word to describe which this game bring to us!
lentwo ratingfive ´ excellent game!
lenfour ratingfive nice game better than tr1. :) :)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingone everytime i try to open the game the app closes my itself.
leneighteen ratingone so i can't even play the game this is terrible and it only happens on this app.
lensix ratingfour great sequel to a great game!
lenseven ratingfour i would say better than the original!
lenseven ratingfive love this game can't stop playing.
lenfive ratingone please fix the 500k coins mission.
leneleven ratingone i have completed the 1m coins but the 500k isnt even moving thanks
lenten ratingfive one of the best android games you will ever play !
lennine ratingfive really amazed with the gaming platform and the challenges
lentwelve ratingthree i changed my rating due to the constant bugs in the game.
lenseven ratingthree very fun buy does it ever end?
lenfive ratingthree turns aren't always recognized.
lenthirteen ratingthree when you use boost in the mines it doesn't last as long.
leneleven ratingthree when you grab another spawn it doesn't extend your time.
lentwelve ratingthree game freezes when you use a gem but still takes one away.
lenten ratingthree i play for fun anymore not to reach new goals.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive i played on qmobile a8.
lenthree ratingfive very nice game.
lenfour ratingfive nice time pass game
lensixteen ratingfour compare to 1st version.this one is really good and like to play it again n again
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it.
lentwentynine ratingfour so good game.but some problam are desterb.after updating is game low.so 4 point.thenks and so pls kindly note this week poin and update new tample run 3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenseven ratingfive it has great graphics and is addictive.
lenthree ratingfive reminds of pitfall.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun.
lentwo ratingfive highly reccomend
lenthirteen ratingone the game downloads but  when i try to open it the game closes.
lenseventeen ratingone it does not work on my driod x. up grade did not w@ork for my phone.
lenseven ratingone still not able to open the app 2/9/2013.
lenfifteen ratingone as of 2/14/13 still not working on my phone updated and it still won't open.
lenfour ratingone game doesnt even start
lentwenty ratingfive bought some coins.still waiting and it's been a week, i feel ripped off but i love the game!
lensix ratingfour paused fames don't remain paused.
lenfourteen ratingfour if you get a call in the middle of a game the app restarts.
lenthree ratingfour major fail that.
lenthree ratingfive very cool game
lenthree ratingfour it lags sometimes.
lentwentythree ratingfour to encounter this, i have to turn off the device screen first for 3-4secs and again wake it  up to resume the game lagfreely.
leneight ratingfour remove this bug and i will rate 5 stars
lentwentyone ratingfive amazing check my channel changed to manchesterunitedsese please change my google + because i had to change my your name cheese google+
lentwo ratingone hang sometimes.
lensix ratingone though i have samsung galaxy note 2. .
lenfive ratingone i'll rate it 5 star.
lenfive ratingfive it is better than temple run1
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lennine ratingfive i cant stop playing it, my highest score is 62,000,000.
lenseventeen ratingfour too grt app best part is its run smoothly and seamlessly as compare to itd previous version.
lentwentysix ratingfour just add feature of challenge mode where u share ur high score within ur contacts and ask them to beat it to make it more interesting ;)
lentwelve ratingone i updated and it still won't open fix the danger thing
lenfive ratingtwo this is a great game!
lenseven ratingtwo i have it on my kindle fire!
lennine ratingtwo but it won't work on my samsung infuse!
lenthree ratingfive preety good entertainment.
lennine ratingfour better graphics get the last 1 temple run awesome game
lenfour ratingfive superb game it is.
lennine ratingfive i can pass my bore time playing this game.
lentwo ratingfour amazingly,awusum!
leneight ratingfour runs like a dream on my xperia go
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwentythree ratingfour but i'm only giving 4 stars because the power ups don't work when you take 2 of the power ups in the row.
lenthree ratingfive exclent job done
lenfourteen ratingfive i played tr1 and this one is a great upgrade, awesome/addictive game, well made!
lensixteen ratingfive i jus luv t! it gives me good company in d midst of a hectic day!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive sooooooo much fun
lentwo ratingfive wonderful improvement
lenten ratingfive as usual the best game to play n pass time! :)
lenthirtyfour ratingone the first game was great, but for this i have to swipe early, when i jump it will slide, and it tells me i have new abilities when i have already looked at them.
lentwo ratingfive wonderful experience :)
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthree ratingfive excited to play :)
lentwelve ratingfive nice graphics and easy from temple run one.i love that game.
leneleven ratingone even tough i scored 500k lifetime coins, its not completing that task
lennineteen ratingfour this game is brilliant, bar from the odd hiccups as it glitches this game is far better than first.
lenseventeen ratingfour only warning beware if u have lots of work, it can take over alot of your time :)
lentwo ratingfour nice upgrade!
lenten ratingone will load, but then exits, so cant play please fix
lenfive ratingfour great game but very laggy
lenseventy ratingtwo a much better layout of the menu's, however: my progress data was not imported from version 1 to version 2, my coin total dropped from nearly 5000 to just over 2000 without my even buying anything, the new background graphics (whilst bright, clear and colourful) are way too fussy in my opinion because it's hard to see the runners path easily, and this version drains the battery within a very short time.
lentwelve ratingtwo all in all, the cons far out way the pros, uninstalled it!
lenseven ratingfour a nice game but not the best
lenseven ratingthree compared to temple run 1, the tilting sucks.
lentwo ratingfive worth getting!
leneight ratingtwo still can't download on my smart phone.
lenfourteen ratingtwo even after its installed,  i can never get pass the big green  "i" figure.
leneleven ratingtwo got it to download on my tablet  after about the 20th time.
lenfive ratingone dosnt work on my device
lenfourteen ratingthree its a cuul game but it hangs too frequently and it lags  occassionally too.
lenten ratingthree the game is not paused to resume following a call.
lenthirteen ratingthree i have had to restart and lose my scores for that particular game.
lentwo ratingfive nice game !
lenseven ratingfour its really good on lg optimus su 640.
lensix ratingfour in exit gets a bit stuck.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneleven ratingfive the game crashes on startup or sometimes 1 minute in the game.
lennineteen ratingone does not work on samsung infuse.only app or game that refuses to get past the start up screen
lenthree ratingthree tilting is crap.
lenseventeen ratingthree wish that you could turn on or off the weird motion of running it can get distracting.
lenthree ratingthree nice change though.
leneight ratingtwo my highest score is 2600000 and my bro is 460000.
lentwelve ratingtwo and surprising thing is dat he is on level 17 and me on 7.
leneleven ratingfive i love it its the best game ever"!wow wow wow!
lenfive ratingfive my son loves this game!
lentwentythree ratingfive well done guyzz u all made it ive been waiting for this from long thx a lot.this is the best free game
lentwentynine ratingfive it is actualy melissa but my dad was on the phone anyway i think temple run is a good game and it keeps me destracred for a long time. .
lennine ratingfive if u r a twilight fan then screem twilight!
lenfour ratingfive love the game much.
lenseven ratingone need to fix the double points to
lenseven ratingfour very nice.playing it.and have fun
lenten ratingtwo i loved temple run one and like this one too.
lensixteen ratingtwo one big problem with this one though is that tilting the phone is a big issue.
lenseventeen ratingtwo too much tilt is required which makes it difficult to play especially for the larger samsung phones
leneight ratingfive i may only beyond 11 but this is sickage
leneight ratingthree temple run 2 is better than just temple run.
lenseven ratingthree but it has changed quite a lot.
lennine ratingthree it took some time to became familiar with it.
leneight ratingfive if you get addicted easily don't download.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game.
lennineteen ratingfive thank you for a game that i can play and get lost in, so the day goes by faster.
lensix ratingfive but i hate that cave part :)
lenfive ratingfive mind blowing game love it
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneight ratingfour nice game but not better then temple run.
lensix ratingfive having fun to play this game
lenten ratingfour great games awesome graphic in my device ainol novo crystal.
lentwelve ratingfour but why we can't chose arena, you can add some arenas
lenseventeen ratingfive awesome game.really love this game.runs like fire on my neo l.no lag at all.
lenten ratingfive i liked i think its better than the first one
lenfour ratingfive love this game xxoo
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentytwo ratingfour awesome game.no lag but sm times tilt is annoyning,smoother than previous version and obviously amazing graphics.i ll give 4 star
lensixteen ratingthree when i tilt right it is non responsive shame really because it is a good game
lensixteen ratingthree really fun but tilting needs to be fixed as well as the swipe and choppy glitches
lennine ratingfive great game graphics are great no lagg no defections
lensix ratingfive great way to kill some time.
lenfour ratingfive i love this addiction.
lentwo ratingfive nice graphics
lenseven ratingfive i thnk this game is good xx
lenfive ratingfive smooth and swift on jellybean.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingone i cant get this app:(
lentwelve ratingone i haven't been able to play it done i downloaded it.
leneight ratingone i waited for an update and still nothing.
lennine ratingone guess i'll just have to uninstall it.again. :-/
leneight ratingfive good game graphics are great and nice textures
lentwentysix ratingone it doesn't even work every time i try to get this game it backs out please fix in order to give you guys five stars
lenthirtyfive ratingfour been playing this for several days now & have gotten really good (if i do say so myself.lol) it is so addictive & fun but this recent update, i believe, is causing a major problem now.
lenseven ratingfour this morning, i was generally doing great.
lentwentythree ratingfour then this afternoon i noticed this lag that happens throughout the game & eventually causes me to die b/c i swipe & nothing happens.
lenfifteen ratingfour later, i realized there was an update & i really think it could be the culprit.
lenseven ratingfour no other bkgrd apps are running either.
leneight ratingfive will not load up on the lg 3d optimus!
lenfive ratingfive kind regards   temple run fan
lenfifteen ratingfour addicting and fun as hell, but i agree with others that the tilt needs adjusting.
lentwentysix ratingfour also, i've noticed that whenever i put gems into upgrading my ability, it doesn't save the upgrade, but it does save my gem count.
lensix ratingfour so basically i'm wasting gems.
leneight ratingfour would rate 5 stars if those 2 things were fixed.
lenthirtynine ratingthree liked the first.this one is great too.but i get random lag and gameplay jitter.i have a uhs1 sd and the siii has enough umph so not sure why the lag.but still works great 98% of the time
lentwentythree ratingfour i really like this game however there are times when it seems to skip and won't work when i try a move.
lenthirteen ratingfour its frustrating when you're on a good run and it does this.
lenten ratingfour if it didn't do that i would give 5 stars.
lenfifteen ratingfour has some bugs, circumnavigator objective still shows despite the fact that i already earned it.
lennineteen ratingone i dont know if the developer is being lazy because it's an android platform, but this is unacceptable.
lenfive ratingthree lose coins at random times
lentwelve ratingfour just need to provide new looks or graphic after completing each stages.
lenthree ratingone i cant play.
lenten ratingone i just see imangi studios and then back to home.
lenfive ratingfive thanks done a mad job
leneight ratingfive much better graphics  nice game play  great changes
leneleven ratingfive i sent an email about the problem, and you fixed it!
leneleven ratingfive thank you sooo much, i feel like my email meant something.
lenten ratingtwo i can't update on any of my android devices.
lenthree ratingtwo says insufficient storage.
lensix ratingtwo the game however is very addicting.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i will be happy to change to 5 stars when i am able to update.
lenseven ratingfive quite addictive game and lots of fun
leneleven ratingfive the game is always hangs up after the last updated version.
lenthree ratingfive galaxy tab p1000 , android 2.3.3.
lentwentyfour ratingfour thanks for designing such a great game ;) it is much faster and exciting compare to the first edition, especially the mining car that part
lenthree ratingthree it feels,,, odd.
lenthree ratingfive great game addicting !
lentwelve ratingfive a huge improvement from the first one everything runs smooth and nice.
lenfifteen ratingfive i do have a suggestion though it would be nice if you guys added multiplayer.
lentwentyseven ratingfive like make it where we can do a one vs one or a 5 person run to  see who can get the furthest and bet coins and gems.
lennine ratingfive but it's still a 5 star game excellent job.
lenthree ratingone closes after 1st screen.
lenten ratingfive awesome game i nd my son really njoy playing temple run2!
lenseven ratingfive i love it you should try it.?
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome!
lenfourteen ratingfour however, i've run 1,500,000 meters but my objective for run 1,000,000 meters is not gone :(
lensixtynine ratingfive this game is the best game i have played probs one of the only actuall games i actually play but fumbs up to the people who created this game a thew tilting probs but i can live with that also it will he good if you got more of a choice of what to buy and also could have more characters but yh the game is the best beast :)
lenfive ratingfive this game is the joint
lenthirteen ratingfour but power ups don't appear as often as the first temple run.
lentwenty ratingfour the graphics are great but the background looks cheap and briefly made and made with no hard work into it.
lenthree ratingfive love temple run 2
lenten ratingfour takes a bit of getting use to but great fun!
lentwo ratingfive awesume game !
lentwo ratingfive super igrica
lenfifteen ratingfive it is very nice than the first one anf good animation than the first one
lenfive ratingfive awesome graphics, cant stop playing.
lenfour ratingfour sometimes the tilt "breaks"
lensixteen ratingfour and it doesn't register so im stuck running in just the middle of the path.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree when i play for more than a few minutes and get in few millions starts lagging and makes me die.this doesn't happen on my iphone.i barely have any background apps running
lenseven ratingfive i love this game its so addictive
lenthirteen ratingfive i am really addicted to this its fun to play get this game!
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwelve ratingfour kids love it though they have asked if there are different controls.
lenthirtyfive ratingthree me and my freind like this game and both have galaxy s 3's but it is laggy and it dosent do it for my gs 2 so whats up with that fix this on the gs 3
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirtytwo ratingthree would give it 5 but on some of my best runs the game closes when i attempt to use a save me, and when it does this it doesn't save my accomplishments
lenfive ratingthree with the updates its better.
lentwelve ratingthree i hate how powerups dont extend when u hit a new one
lenfour ratingfive best game to date.
lenfive ratingfive would not uninstall for nothin.
lenthirteen ratingthree not exactly an essential upgrade, but same addictive gameplay as the original nonetheless!
lenthirteen ratingfour it's a great update to the tired game, but not much different.
lenthree ratingfour maybe more characters?
lennine ratingfour definitely work on the sliding when trying to turn.
lentwelve ratingfive awsomeee i dont like thw first but this one is really awsomeee
lenfive ratingfive both games are fabulous :d
lenfive ratingfive its just an awesum game!
lensix ratingfive i've really enjoyed this game.
lenfive ratingfive this is a fun game
lenfive ratingfour good to play,very nice?
lentwelve ratingfive very fun, addicting, annoying, best arcade phone game i've played xd
lenten ratingtwo even after update 500k lifetime coins objective problem is not fixed.
lensix ratingtwo this game is getting boring now.
lennine ratingtwo fix the issue before people stop playing it anymore.
leneighteen ratingthree while the graphics and redesigned leveling system is better, i can't help but complain more than praise.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree as stated by others, some achievements are bugged making them stuck to a specific point, picking two same pickups does nothing, and there's glitch regarding the boost power up while in the zipride.
lentwelve ratingthree also, while i do appreciate unique character skills, why remove the others?
lenfour ratingthree i miss my zack.
lenfive ratingthree rated average till further notice.
lensix ratingthree instant 500 coin not working fix it
leneight ratingone my card was charged $19.99 for a coin package.
lensix ratingone i did not receive the coins.
lenseven ratingone repeated emails to the developer are ignored.
lenthirteen ratingone when i get my coins, i will gladly change this to a 5 star.
lenthree ratingone never received coins.
lenseven ratingone never received response from google or imangi.
lenseven ratingone good game, but do yourself a favor.
lenfive ratingone won't load please fix
lentwo ratingfive simply awesome.
lentwo ratingfive smooth movement!
lenthree ratingone terrible on android
lenthree ratingfour its pretty fun.
lenfive ratingfour waaaayyy better than the 1st one.
lensixteen ratingfour glad they took out the stupid football player guy, like what was the point in that?
lenfour ratingfour soo its pretty good.
leneleven ratingfive im glad there is a sequal cause i loved the first.
lenthree ratingfive thank you imangi!
leneleven ratingfive better than the first one and the first one was great!
leneight ratingfive good time waster, great improvement on the first
lenseven ratingfive even more fun than the first one.
lenfive ratingfive more scenic and better graphics.
lenfive ratingthree this game is so laggy.
lentwo ratingthree galaxy nexus
lensixteen ratingthree its ok but other games do the same now and they are more fun to play.
lentwentysix ratingfive the only thing i'm trippin on is the lag tht happens sometimes, i thinks its the game cuz it stops a lil when its updated
lenthree ratingfive really fun app
lenfive ratingthree especially the footballer after that ￥￥￥￥￥
lenfifteen ratingfour it is not running smoothly on htc one x.otherwise it is a nice game.
lenseven ratingone i am having issue with coins accumulation.
lentwelve ratingone after i reach 2500 and don't use it it suddenly resets to 0.
lenten ratingone it stop at the starting page and just goes off.
lenfive ratingfive this is really nice game.
lenfive ratingfive it is really entertaining game.
lenfour ratingfive plz fix magnet durability
lentwo ratingfive addicting game
lensixteen ratingone does not work for me, download and stays on the imangi screen until it eventually closes
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive i love this its awsome
lenseven ratingfive its not working on my galaxy tab.
leneighteen ratingone before update it was running as smooth as soap but now the game is like hell pls repai
leneight ratingfour huge addition in top of the original game.
lentwo ratingfour great graphics.
lenten ratingfour there is a bug with the 500k life time coins objective.
lennine ratingfour it doesn't go away even after collecting 500k coins.
lenten ratingfive its too great than the first edition i love it
lenfour ratingthree control could be better
lenfifteen ratingone tilt on this tablet is supported by many other apps but not temple run or tr2.
leneighteen ratingone i have a kocaso mid1060 tablet, would like to see this work and will change rating when it does
lenten ratingfive really its a amaging game.i will give 5*****  for this
lentwentyseven ratingfour the visuals for temple run 2 are not as good as 1, and it would be great if you could make the mine setting more frequent for the runs.
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lenseven ratingfive time flies when i play this game
lennineteen ratingfour really fun and addictive, but, a question for imangi, are you planning on adding the rest of the characters?
lenthree ratingfour (conquistador, football player)
lenthree ratingfive the excellent game
lenten ratingfive this is the best game i play it every day!
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is made by development of graphics n this thing made it awesome
lenten ratingfour good game couple glitches but good game none the less
lensix ratingfive its a super duper fin game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfour it looks great but it gets boring
leneleven ratingfive it's an game i have played about more than 745 games.
lenseven ratingfive very great app and enjoyable mobile gaming .
leneight ratingfour i liked the way the graphics are done.
lenthree ratingfive best game woa.
leneighteen ratingfive it is really interisting compare to previous version.it is very nice game to kill the boring time
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive this game s awesome.
lenten ratingfive this is the best running game by a country mile.
lenseventeen ratingfour it's fun but can be frustrating when u get a new run every time u die.
lenfourteen ratingfour it makes it harder to progress very far cuz it changes so many times.
lenseven ratingfive the graphics nd controls are too good.
leneleven ratingfive except fr the path clarification which was better in temple run 1.
lenfive ratingfive though a simply excellent one.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lensix ratingfive it is a great time killer!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this app it really great keep up the good job
lenfourteen ratingthree it's ok not bad but prefer the first one this ones more complicated
lentwentyseven ratingone this is probably a fab game but i will never find out because when it opens the screen goes blank apart from their logo i the middle.
lenfourteen ratingone it also changes my wallpaper and would not no away intill i uninstalled it.
leneight ratingone intill that is fixed it will stayed uninstall!
lenfive ratingone horrible try subway surfer instead
lenten ratingfive love this game & runs great never given me a problem
leneight ratingfive i just wish that there were more characters.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentysix ratingfour i like the first temple run and like this one two, only thing i hate is how slow the character slides to the left or right
lenfour ratingfive awesome app, great fun.
lenseven ratingfive runs smoothly and has really great graphics.
lenfour ratingfive great game, great graphics.
leneight ratingfive certainly its temple run on a next level.
lenthree ratingfour needs more challenges
lenfifteen ratingfive this version is much better than the previous one good graphics and easy to score.
lenfour ratingfive good job by imangi
lenten ratingone bad game adds and rate it rate  it rate it
lenseven ratingfour a better product, and its still free.
lenseventeen ratingone i  have an android samsung galaxy  tablet and i  can't download the game on  my tablet!
lennine ratingone this is freaking  bogus and i'm highly upset!
lensix ratingfive does have a bit of lag.
lentwo ratingfive excellent games
lenthree ratingfive i highly  recommend!
lennine ratingfour beter thn temple run 1 love the animation n effect
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addicting
lensix ratingfour great fun with very good graphics.
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game
lensixteen ratingfive but if i pause my game it will delete it if i go off the app!
lenforty ratingfive it is a really cool game and you should get it if you can and plus when i first played it i loved it and now i can not stop playing this really cool game or should i say app
lentwo ratingfive temple run
lenseven ratingfive its awsome the waterfall jump its awsome
lenthree ratingfive un bon app
lenten ratingfive should i really tell you that this game is awesome?
lenseven ratingfive awsome game better than the first one
lenseven ratingfive running smoothly on my samsung galaxy jb
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenten ratingfive stunning graphics, more responsive controls, and more engaging game play.
lenthree ratingfive easier and better.
lensix ratingfive best ever:-)  this a beast game!
lenfourteen ratingthree some game stucks and there are some bugs i think u should fix it
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lentwelve ratingfive i wouldn't say it was the best game but its good
lenfour ratingfour better dan temple run 1.
lenthirtynine ratingthree it is sad because i really like this game, but the fact that i get lags a lot and it makes me have to start all over makes me want to give this game up just like the first.
lenfourteen ratingfour the game is great but  i didn't like the tilting feature of it.
lenthirteen ratingfour you have to tilt it lot to move the person to one side.
leneight ratingfour temple run 1 was much better in that aspect.
lenfour ratingfive can't stop playing.
lenfour ratingfour must try.nice game
lensix ratingfive temple run 2 better than temple run
lenthree ratingfour ilove this game!
lenfour ratingfive challenging, exciting, cool graphics
lenfour ratingfive awesome game.very addicting.
lenfive ratingfour loved the game, quite impressed
lenfive ratingone it keeps restarting and lagging!
lensix ratingthree takes much more time to load.
lenfive ratingthree please check.but when loaded.
lenthirty ratingthree i've played the game on other devices and the game is great but whem downloading on the motorola triumph it force closes as soon as i launch the app.
lenfour ratingfive wows the best game.
lentwo ratingfive great!addictive!
lensix ratingfive very good game love it really
lenfive ratingfive best game in the world
lentwo ratingfive super addictive ℃℃℃℃℃
lenfour ratingfour great game luv it
lensixteen ratingfour game is awesome until u purchase the 50 gem pack or coin doubler and don't get!
leneight ratingfour google says its a cliche in the app!
lentwentynine ratingone whenever i load up this app, i can never get onto the game, it just stays on the startup screen, then my phone wallpaper changes to the startup screen!
lenfour ratingfive awsome and addicting game.
lentwo ratingfive wicked funn
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour fun game better than the first
lenthree ratingfive thoroughly enjoyed it
lensix ratingthree after upgrading 4.0.1 to 4.0.4 ,getting lagging problem.
lenfive ratingthree can u check this issue.
lensix ratingfive game is so smooth and addictive!
lensix ratingfive best game and graphics are awsome
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun!
lenfive ratingfour but glitchy on droid incredible 2
lensix ratingone it wont work for my phone.
leneight ratingfive excellent graphics nd simply the best time crasher.
lenfour ratingfive i njoyed a lot
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty epic.
leneight ratingfive its fun to pass the time between things.
lenfive ratingfive nice game, nd awsum features.
lenten ratingfive i love this game, runs smoothly no problems or anything.
lenthirteen ratingfive just when you thought 1 was the best game app out here comes part 2
leneight ratingone purchased gem packs and did not receive gems!
lenfifteen ratingthree this is a very good exercise for your fingers and a very good fun game.
lenfourteen ratingone the app just shows the first green screen & then crashes please fix this problem!
lenfive ratingone i have a lg thrill.
lenten ratingfour puts the battery on its knees in just few minutes.
lensix ratingfour other than that almost nearing perfect.
lentwo ratingfour pls rectify.
lentwelve ratingfour also a bug in 500k coin objective does not go even after collecting.
lenseventeen ratingfour the only problems i had were some lagging and force closes other than that i love it
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive its a great app but too much lag on my htc desire v
lensix ratingfour hey my coins nt getting total.
lenten ratingfour wn i rech near 3000-4000 my coins get strted frm 0 only.
lennineteen ratingtwo when i first got it the track was totally dark and i couldn't see where i was going.
lennineteen ratingtwo i played it again 2 days later and the screen was fine but now it takes ages to load up!
lensix ratingfive so much fun and highly addictive.
lenfour ratingfive playing in lg splendor.
lenseven ratingfive better than the previous version for sure
lentwelve ratingthree better than temple run1.need more variations n face pace.overall its fun!
lensix ratingthree good game but lags a lot
lentwentyone ratingone i played this game on a friends phone and fell in luv but i cant even play it on my phone!
lentwentyseven ratingone not only with this one but also with the original.too bad subway surfers isnt compatible with my fone cause it is waaaaaay better and better quaility
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love it so much i play it for at least an hour a day.
lenseventeen ratingfive i hate that the first time you get the game you don't get any life thingies.
lentwo ratingfour wonderful graphics.
lentwo ratingfour amazing game. .
lentwentythree ratingtwo he is running very slowly.n if i tilt its not working.previous version was working fine.can you plz fix this issue
lenfour ratingfive thiz game is dope
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks
lenfive ratingfive perfect remake of the app!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive this game is so fun live it :)
lenthirteen ratingfive a little bit harder then the last temple run but still the best !
lenfour ratingfour tr 1 was better actually
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwelve ratingone cheap motion and he turns so fast compare to previous temple run!
lentwo ratingfive amazin graphics :)
lennine ratingfour good game, much more fun the the first one.
lentwelve ratingtwo it gets struck wenever i play .even though my processor is 800 mhz.
lenseven ratingfive . on of my most favorite games ever
lenfour ratingfive love it getting better
leneight ratingfive never played a game like this.just incredible.
lenfive ratingfive super game.just try it.
lenthree ratingfive full entertening game.
lentwo ratingfive freakin' sweet!
lensix ratingfive best game ever played on android.
lenfour ratingfive better then temple run 1.
lennine ratingfive its awesome and a great way to pass time!
leneleven ratingfive (also it's a very good sequel to the first game!)
lensix ratingfive it's a lot of fun.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
leneleven ratingfour i like the twists and turns and the mine cart especially.
leneight ratingfive i love this game since the old version .
lenfour ratingfive very addictive and fun
lensix ratingfive great upgrade of a great game!
lenfive ratingfive makes the daily commuting shorter
lentwo ratingfour temple run 2
leneight ratingfour i am almost addict bcaz of this game.#!
lenseven ratingfour loved and very addictive app amazing features :-)
lenfive ratingfour level 8 objective 500,000 life time coins.
leneleven ratingfour i have completed the objective but it has not been credited.
lenthirteen ratingone since this most recent update my input is, at best, a meer suggestion.
leneighteen ratingone the character does whatever it feels like at any given moment, rendering the game completely and utterly obsolete.
lentwelve ratingfive great game from imangi studios!;) accosinally glitches but apart from that fab.
lenfive ratingfive love the cart add-on!
lentwentyone ratingone all my friends making high score .i want to takeover them .but ut lags alot in my fonn .plsss fix it
lensix ratingfive much improved graphics and game play.
leneight ratingfive i luv this game, i have no complaints!
lenseven ratingthree super fun but the glitches are annoying.
lenfour ratingthree mkre stars when resolved.
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome and has epic graphics.
lenten ratingfive only down fall is it kills my battery within minutes
lenseven ratingfive i love this game it is awesome
lennine ratingfour awesome, but does not run smooth all the time.
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lensixteen ratingfive running from a huge monkey is funny and the tasks of gathering more coins is fun.
lenfourteen ratingfive i hope the game becomes more advanced as the develop of it keeps going.
lenten ratingfive its just awesome game really i like this game alot.
leneleven ratingfour it has the benefits if the first plus brand new stuff
lenseven ratingfive i like the improvements from temple run 1.
lensix ratingfive it has more of a 3d feel.
lenfive ratingfive cant wait for temple run 3
lenfour ratingfive more difficulty = more fun.
lentwo ratingfive temple run2  awesome!
lentwelve ratingtwo fun game better then the original but the lags sucks for the gs3.
lentwelve ratingone it is not better than temple run 1 only good graphics nothing else.
lentwo ratingfour cool beans
lenfive ratingfour i'm enjoying this game
lenten ratingthree starts to feel like its just going on and on
lentwo ratingfive great improvement
lenfour ratingfive i like a game
lenfive ratingfive exciting and also interesting game.
lenten ratingfive woh what a pleast game really headsoff to imangi studio.
lensix ratingfive vry nic app.jus luving it
lenfive ratingfive this game is like crack
lenfourteen ratingone doesnt work for me, everytime i try to load it up it always forcecloses.
lenthree ratingfive this game rocks!
lenthree ratingfive keeps getting better!
lentwenty ratingfive i can't say anything else about this game.addictive,fun,excellent graphics.the best game i've ever played
leneight ratingfive excellent game to keep u awake all night.
lensix ratingfive i like to play this game
lennineteen ratingthree but over all a fun 'poo' game :)  shame since the latest update i haven't collected one gem tho.
lenthirteen ratingthree this is obviously a scam to make you spend money on buying them.
lenseven ratingthree but who wastes there money on that?
lennineteen ratingthree if it wasn't for the update removing gems making it impossible to 'save me' would be a 5 star.
lenfive ratingthree but gonna settle with a 3.
lenthree ratingfive great 2nd temple run.
leneight ratingfour on my sidekick it won't work, why -.- ?
lentwentyfour ratingfour i've played it on my brothers phone and its fun i just don't know why it won't work on my phone.
leneight ratingthree great game but the stars i collect disappear.
lenfifteen ratingthree i could have 4,000 stars after one game and 1,700 after the next without spending on powerups.
lenfourteen ratingthree i can't move on in the game because my stars are deleting themselves.
lenseventeen ratingthree and i'm not going to buy more stars as i never had to in temple run 1
lensixteen ratingtwo there is a bug for my device, it'll freeze after i've finished the game.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game.
lenten ratingone 500000 lifetime coins objective won't check off.on galaxy nexus!
lenseven ratingfour very good, improved than than temple run 1.
lensix ratingfour has new adventures,  fun to play.
lenfour ratingfour has surprise element. :d
lensix ratingfive graphics and game model are superb
lenseven ratingfive its so much better than the original.
lensix ratingfive and harder to get a million.
lenfive ratingone as compared to previous one
lentwenty ratingthree 3 star bcz while playing my phone automatically reboots it happens only when i play ths game plz fix ths problem
lenseventeen ratingfour great graphics but it always starts you from the first seen , needs a choice of starting points.
leneight ratingfive love it & just can't stop playing it
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenthirteen ratingfive really it's amazing game  as well as much better than temple run 1
lenthree ratingfive exclnt and addictive
lensix ratingfive much better than the previous game
leneight ratingfive perfct way 2 pass tym and have a laugh:-)
lenthree ratingfive love dis game
lenfour ratingfive it's awesome game
lentwelve ratingfour pleze improve the senstivity of the game or give a senstivity meter.
lenfour ratingfour very cool up date.
lenthree ratingfive fun love it
lensix ratingfive keeps me coming back for more!
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game.
lenten ratingfive my elder one is way ahead of rest of us.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lennine ratingfive best in the world this is what you want
lennine ratingfive oyster an awesome game great sequel to the first
lentwelve ratingfour it's a lot of fun but it has a few bugs.
leneighteen ratingfour also, the power-ups don't stack like they did in the original, but still a fun game
lenthree ratingfive pretty good game
lenten ratingfive its betta then the old one but needs more ppl
lensix ratingfour on a droid bionic or nexus 10.
leneight ratingfour it's quick, no long drawn out games.
lenthree ratingfour easy for kids.
lenthree ratingfour fun for adults.
lenfive ratingfour missions can be very challenging.
lenten ratingfour just doable enough to not have to pay for coins.
lenten ratingfour 5 stars if it had a slight more variety to it.
lenseven ratingfour maybe change the scenery for special events.
lenfive ratingfive love love love this game
lenthirteen ratingfour i wud rate 5 star if not for the off putting background and scenery
lenten ratingfive i can't say more, it's the best game!
lentwenty ratingone all i even get to see is a i because it wont load after that sucky with a capital s
lentwentysix ratingfour excellent  , beautiful but sometimes using the accelerometer which is in good condition as tested in all games, it does not respond very well in temple run 2!
lenfive ratingfive game love it great one
lennine ratingfive omg this game is asome i love the hanglider.
leneleven ratingfive best game to pass the time while you pass a loaf.
lenseven ratingfive love this game make more temple runs
lenten ratingfour good game the only problm is getting hang on android
leneighteen ratingfive i have a lot of amazing games on my sgs3 but i never find the time to play them.
lentwentytwo ratingfive this however, i play all the time and i think i procrastinate even more than i used to now i have this.
lenten ratingfour awesome but still think that subway surfers takes the lead
lennine ratingfive maybe good job coz o not try this game.
lentwentyfour ratingfive every day i see this game as part of my daily activities.i can't just stopping loving this game.kudos to you guys.
lenten ratingthree it lags sometimes but it takes time to boot up
lentwentytwo ratingfour fun, looks great, entertaining, good time killer, only issue is freezes sometimes when i press run again, fix that and five stars
lenfive ratingfive just gets better and better
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love this game but something is wrong when  i turn the app object it doesn't cut all the way on
lenthirtyfive ratingthree but i use xperia u which has a dual core processor, android version 4.0.4 yet the game opens takes a lot of time to launch its main screen it takes a lot of time to load.
lenthirteen ratingfour i had high expectations for temple run 2, and after playing, became much satisfied.
lentwo ratingfive super monkey
lensix ratingfive awsom game.em just loving it.
lenseven ratingfive i want to gave 5 plus star. :d
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive i <3 this game its class deffo best game eva played.
lensix ratingfive way better than the 1st temple run.
leneleven ratingfive this temple run has these extra features, bridges, steps and ziplines.
lensix ratingfive well worth it lads its epic.
lentwelve ratingfive actually if anything it made my tablet faster believe it or not.
lenfourteen ratingfive so basically what i'm trying to say is get temple run 2 its class
leneight ratingfive this is a really cool and fun game.
lenthirtyone ratingfive excellent game the best app ever i found it laggy on  ios but on android its fine i loved the first one aswell and always hoped a new one would come.
lenfifteen ratingfive temple run brave was terrible it wasn't made by the same produces as this.
lensix ratingfive this game is cool and fun
lenfour ratingfive this shyt the bomb
lenfive ratingfive what the title says great!
lenfortyfour ratingthree good game really addictive but the reason for the 3 stars is because the game dosent run smoothly and freezes a lot also there should be a feauture where you play against the people in your contact list and see who has the highest score
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenseventeen ratingfive nice feature in this game awesome pleasure with this donknw exactly cant quite the game while playing
lenfourteen ratingfive best game in my opinion.bt its much more difficult dn temple run 1 :p
lensix ratingfive very addictive and nice new stuff
lenfour ratingfive overdone the fist one.
lenten ratingtwo it was great before the update, now its always lagging.
lenthirtyone ratingone it's been weeks since this pos wouldn't work on my phone, and it looks like imaginan, or whatever the developer is called- isn't going to fix this problem.
lentwentythree ratingone never download if you have an lg thrill, and screw these developers doing nothing to make this broken game playable on our phones!
lentwo ratingfive fantastic app
lenten ratingfive everything is amazing now!:) thanks for fixing the money problem!
lenfive ratingfour i really like the game
lenseventeen ratingone i purchased 50 gems for $4.99 but haven't received them, and it's been more than one week.
lensixteen ratingone also i sent an email to ask about my gems which they've never replied to.
lennine ratingone please don't spend any penny for this game!
lenfour ratingone to much lag = uninstall :(
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingone i paid $4.99 for 50k in coins and after 3 emails still no coins.
lentwelve ratingone i was trapped at the airport last weekend and wanted to play.
lentwentyone ratingone this is the only time i have ever been ripped off on google play.pretty disappointing for such a fun game!
lentwo ratingfour nice game.
lenfive ratingfour but upgrades are too expensive.
lenthree ratingthree need some improvement
lenfive ratingfive my kidz love this game!
leneleven ratingfive graphics are much better and gameplay is smoother than temple run 2.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lennine ratingfour fabulous & fantastic sequele of temple run it really amazing.
lennine ratingfive this game is the most best running game ever.
lenfifteen ratingfour good game very good but it lags on my s plus so plz optimize it.
lenthree ratingfour game is awesome!
lenthirteen ratingfour but i have over 500,000 lifetime coins and i wont give me the achivement!
lenthree ratingfive jakayla davis wow
lenthirteen ratingone i already play but the highscore is 0!and when i die it hank!
lenfourteen ratingtwo my coins are decreasing automatically and also the tilt sensitivity option is not given .
lenseven ratingtwo otherwise game is fine with many changes
lenfour ratingone sucks and its gay
lennine ratingfour good graphics but not smooth as the first one.
lenfive ratingfour but way better game structure.
lenfive ratingfive fantastic and so much fun.
lenfive ratingfive my kids love these games.
lenten ratingfour very fun to play, runs kinda slow on my phone.
lentwentyeight ratingfour dis is the best update uptil now.brings lag free gameplay.keep up dis work.nd dont spoil dis lag free experience in your next updates.:p :d
lenfive ratingfive evem better than the first.
lensix ratingfive im sooo addicted to this game .
lensix ratingfive i love it best game' ever ;)) !
lenseven ratingfive nice game, u should try atleast once
lensix ratingfive woks good in galaxy ace plus
lensix ratingfive it's a very entertaining game.
lenthree ratingfive kids love it
lenfour ratingfive best game in android
lenfive ratingfive good game with best graphics
lenfour ratingfive this game is amazing.
lensix ratingfive it is better than temple run.
lennine ratingfive i hope u come out with a temple run 3.
lensix ratingfive it's a realy fun game
lentwentythree ratingfive it's a really good game better than the 1st one it's got a lot twists and turns which makes it more challenging.
lensix ratingfive really like train and waterfall effects.
lensix ratingfive works really smooth on my nexus 4 :)
leneight ratingfive this game is better than the temple run 1 .
lenfourteen ratingfive i hope it have more characters like the football player the squisitors and montoya
lenfour ratingfive a very captivating game.
leneight ratingfive this game works fine with my cheap phone.
lensix ratingfive thnx it is on dual core
leneleven ratingfive the guy runs and turns slow but everything else is perfect
lenthirtyfour ratingfive this one is far better than its previous version and better than any other similar types games available .so for me a game with this much excitement n fun with no charge. .a 5 star
lentwelve ratingone game is addictive unffortunately totally lags and force closes on my lg l3.
lennine ratingfive better than the 1st 1 want temple run 3 to come out
lensix ratingfive ohhh awesome game wonderful graphics excellent
lenfour ratingfive i love this game .
lenten ratingfive definitely the best free game available in the play store .
lensix ratingfive this is the biggest upgrade ever!
lensix ratingfive hope you'll make temple run 3
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive so addictive mst mst download
lenseventeen ratingthree after the new update it seems tilting and swiping is not as smooth as the previous version.
lensixteen ratingthree sometimes it just wont read my finger gesture properly so my character wont jump or turn.
lenfive ratingfive superb yar mind-blowing game?!
lenthree ratingfive so cool dude
lenfourteen ratingfour game is good but updating cannot be done,if not i would have given 5
lenthirteen ratingfive overall 10/10 for this game.there is minor lag on xperia miro, but acceptable!
lenthirteen ratingfive thank you for the back button fix but add a sensitivity option too!
lenthree ratingfive high score 22 million.
leneleven ratingone i click on it and it just freezes and it shutsdown.
lenten ratingone please fix it, i would love to finally play this.
lensix ratingfive very nice game,good work appriciable.
lensixteen ratingtwo i still can't play on this phone when i start it the game still crashes.
lensixteen ratingtwo i have played it so if it worked on this phone i would give it 5 stars.
lenthirteen ratingtwo please fix this so i can enjoy this without having to switch electronics
leneighteen ratingfour i don't like having to play for 20 minutes before i get close to reaching my high score.
lenseven ratingfour first one was a lot more challenging.
lenseven ratingfive but i think sound shoud be changes.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game #1millonclub
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirtysix ratingtwo i haven't bought or used any upgrades or abillities and the game doesn't save the coins i collect, so when i play i have to start over every time , other than that its okay
lenfive ratingfive i love playing this game.
leneleven ratingfive it could have been much more interesting with some more features.
lenfive ratingfive good game for time pass
lensix ratingfive i love ans enjoy this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfourteen ratingthree first of all hats off to the amazing imangi studios for a wonderful game.
lentwentyone ratingthree the settings have no option to increase the sensitivity and it becomes very difficult to manage the game at high speeds.
lennine ratingthree would rate a perfect 5/5 if sensitivity setting is added. :)
leneleven ratingfive my grandson loves temple run we just found 2 and downloaded it.
lentwelve ratingfive his comment mammaw the game is sweet two is much more funnier.
lennineteen ratingfive i was requested the ability to ride horse, donkey, dinosaurs whatever but definitely we need more extras to buy.
leneleven ratingthree i have collected 1,000,000 coins but that objective is still in progress?
lennine ratingthree now i really don't feel like playing anymore
lenseven ratingthree temple run was more function n difficult!
lensix ratingthree it hangs most of the time.
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lenfive ratingfive great game!love the graphics!
lenfour ratingfive good graphics and entertained
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenthirteen ratingfour its awesome and even entertaining more than temple run 1 but it lags alot
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive great new levels!
lenfour ratingfour good game                                rajeev sivasankar
lenten ratingone i still haven't heard from these crooks.very disappointing!
leneleven ratingone i paid $4.99 for 50k in coins and after 3 emails still no coins.
lentwelve ratingone i was trapped at the airport last weekend and wanted to play.
lentwentyone ratingone this is the only time i have ever been ripped off on google play.pretty disappointing for such a fun game!
lenseven ratingtwo there r many things that doesnt fare
leneight ratingfour i love playing this game proper tym pass
lensixteen ratingfive this is way better than the first one and it is easier to get more  characters.
lentwo ratingfour nice games
lentwo ratingfive lovely graphics!
lensix ratingfive really enjoying the new gameplay too.
lenseven ratingfive improves over the original in every way.
lensix ratingfive i love the game.great part 2.
lenfour ratingfive great game love it
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive osum game :)
lenthree ratingfive vj like it.
lenfour ratingfive enjoyed the new motion
leneighteen ratingfour i loved this game but after the latest update it is not as responsive and frequently just quits.
leneight ratingfour very annoying - hope it can be put right.
lentwo ratingfive truly addictive.
lenfive ratingfive amazing graphics n wonderful creativity
lenseven ratingfive love the game the best get it
leneight ratingthree i like it better than the first one!
lenfour ratingfive best timple run evre
lenfive ratingfive this is my favorite game.
lentwo ratingfive ang saya
lenfifteen ratingfour so far this game is good but not to play for long periods of time
lenseven ratingtwo this wont run on my samsung infuse
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lensix ratingfive liked the first, love this version.
lensix ratingfive way better game overall in everyway
lentwelve ratingfive i would recommend it, so much better than the first temple run
lennine ratingfive considerablly improved graphics from the original, and 10x more entertaining!
lenthirteen ratingtwo played two times and after it takes me bak to the home screen
lensixteen ratingone this games is glitched to the point where i can't get any of the achievements.
lenfourteen ratingone i've gotten over 500000 coins in lifetime and the game doesn't recognize it.
lenten ratingone i cant get any more progress on the other achievements.
lenfour ratingfive i love temple run.
lenthree ratingfive its addicting actually.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game.just luv it.
lentwelve ratingfour great game but dont put it to best visual quality it crashes :-|
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is so much better than the first one i am in love with this game
lenfifteen ratingfour gameplay is darn awesome but the carts are much too difficult overall, attaboy game developers !
lenthirtyfive ratingfour this app is great current high score 36mil but my objectives are stuck it says get 500k lifetime coins and i have 533k and my 1mil lifetime coins bar is higher than my 500k i dont know what to do?
lensix ratingfour level 9 is a waist of time.
leneleven ratingfour lower it to 5m lifetime meters then i'll give it a 5
lensix ratingfive no lag and no hope hehe
lentwelve ratingfive great game way better than temple run1 i love this game thank u!:-)
leneight ratingfive high score 2 mil, what is not to like?
lentwo ratingfive wow amazing
lenfour ratingfive has alot more stuff!
lenfive ratingfive the greatest temple run yet
lenten ratingone i love this game but where do my coins go?
leneleven ratingone i had close to 3000 and then bam i'm dropped to 200.
lensix ratingone i do enjoy the game though.
lentwo ratingfive cool game.
lenfour ratingfour more difficulties, more fun!
lenfive ratingfive love love love this game!
lenfive ratingfive so realistic and addictive game
lenfour ratingfour new updates working fine!
lenten ratingfive really addicting and a good time killer when waiting around
lenthirteen ratingthree i saved up to upgrade the multiplier by 5 and only got one more.
lenfourteen ratingthree also i can never jump and retrieve bonuses on the hills in the forest.
lenseven ratingthree fix and i'll give it 5 stars.
leneight ratingfive bettah then the 1st definitly buh mine pauses alot
lenfive ratingone won't tilt on android
lenten ratingfour this is a great game , but it won't load .
lentwelve ratingfive i thought it was dumb at first, but now it's addicting.
lenthirteen ratingtwo works great in all phone but note 2.this issue ne eds to fix
lennine ratingfive gets my fear of heights going like no other.
lensix ratingfive hi tr2 is way better than tr
lenfive ratingfive temple run 1 was a success.
lenfive ratingfour it was very heart breaking.
lenfive ratingfive wow temple run rockssssssssss again.
lennine ratingfour i loved the game until my achievements quit working.
lenfifteen ratingfour i have over 500,000 lifetime coins, but the achievement seems to be stuck at about half.
lenfifteen ratingfour i love the game but it seems i can't advance any further in it.
lenfive ratingfour very smooth in my phone.
lennine ratingfour love this game so much same as temple run 1
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive crazy fun
lentwelve ratingfive one of the best games i have played on android so far.
lenfour ratingone it doesnt load fix!
lenthree ratingthree tends to "stick"
lensix ratingthree not enough jewels to pick up.
leneighteen ratingthree picking up anything can be hard, because often you can't see them until it's too late.
lenfifteen ratingthree also, speeds up so much that you need to be superhuman to play any further.
leneight ratingthree also: why is this app worse than brave?
leneight ratingthree the graphics on that one are far superior.
lenthree ratingfive so addictive game.
leneighteen ratingone this game sucks, because it glitches out and lags constantly, it freezes and then crashes this is terrible.
lentwelve ratingone if you make it smooth on the galaxy s3 i'll change this.
lentwentyone ratingone but until then i hate all the games made by these guys because they can't make them smooth for android.
lenfour ratingfive runs well, plays well.
lensixteen ratingfive it only bothers me that some of the upgrades seem to do barely anything at all!
lenseven ratingfive much better than the first temple run.
lenfive ratingone doesnt work on my phone
leneleven ratingfive another great game i just can't beat my 4 year old
lensix ratingthree but y did my coins disappear?
lenseventeen ratingthree i'm play & al of a sudden it took all my coins i earned, more than omce.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lennineteen ratingfive it gives me something to do when i'm on those long plane rides or whenever i'm bored!
lennine ratingfive i even compete for high-speed with my friends.
leneighteen ratingfive but i think there's a bug for the level 8 achievements where you can complete the 500,000 coin achievement.
lensixteen ratingfive i've gotten well over that number and it hasn't been fixed or completed yet.
lenthree ratingfive really fun app
lentwo ratingfive realy cool!11   @
leneight ratingfive great additions to the already brilliant templerun game.
lennine ratingfive so much better than first one and more fun
lenfortyfive ratingthree i would have rated it 5 out of 5 if it hasn't upseted me as its one of achievement after getting complited too is not increasing my multiplier & is present in the task list yet to be completed which irritates me alot.so do something guys.
lentwentyeight ratingone the game has so mucg graphics that u can't really pay attention to whats going on infront of u. and there are so many turns and twists.
lenfour ratingone i prefer the 1st edition
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive lai bhari jagat kolhapuri
lennine ratingfive temple run one  two are awsome make a three
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfive ratingfive better graphics and more challenges.
lentwentythree ratingthree preety good but after i restarted my phone it wont open needs to be fixed i had to redownload just to play again
lenfive ratingfive just simply best game ever.
lensixteen ratingfour its a very addictive game however i would like to see a little more depth offered.
lenten ratingfour but nonetheless you can't go wrong with temple run 2!
lensix ratingfour works great with my droid bionic.
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lenfour ratingthree better then temple run
lenfour ratingfive it is laggy hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
lenthirtytwo ratingfive im the type of person who downloads games usually plays them for a week or two then deletes them but there's no way i'll be deleting temple run 2 anytime soon!
lenfour ratingfive very addictive game!x
leneight ratingfive the best game eva cant stop playing it
lenthirtytwo ratingfour this game is really nice,this game have a nice pics than temple run 1.but this game is more challenging than first one.so all we are enjoying.thank u sooooooo much.
lenthree ratingfive like the game.
lenseven ratingfive great graphics and a greater game play.
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lenfourteen ratingfour smtime smooth smetime hangs.but far smooth than t run 1.plz make more smooth.
lenfour ratingfive best ever temple run
lenfour ratingfive excellent game, nice graphics.
lennine ratingfour great graphics n  smooth like it.good job guys
lenfive ratingfour different environment compare to 1st part
lenthirtythree ratingfour i love temple run 2 but im not to happy when i almost get enough coins to get something and then more then have of them are randomly deleted without any of my concent!
lenforty ratingfour my only complaint is that power ups do not stack in duration, ie if i have on coin magnet and the next power up that spawns is coin magnet as well, it doesn't register me having picked it up.
lenseven ratingfive sometimes it glitches but not to bad.
lenseventeen ratingfive finally a new temple run i was wondering when they were going to make a new one
leneight ratingfive cool game want a better one now lol
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
leneight ratingfour it is really fun but laggs a bit
lentwelve ratingfive the game is awsome but the charachters are the same and few
lensix ratingfive i love this game very much.
lenfive ratingfive keep it up imangi studio
lenfour ratingfive very addicting. .love it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive very nice love the game
lennine ratingfive good game.harder than the first one but fun
lennine ratingfive it never lags or anything its an awesome game
lenfive ratingfive great i always play it
lenfourteen ratingfive addicting and doesn't make it obvious they want you to spend your money.
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lenfive ratingfive best game keeps me addicted.
lenseven ratingfour i appreciate the developer 4 d last update.
lenseven ratingfour temple run has a very bright future.
lensixteen ratingfour its amazing and never seems to me as a boring game (while some other games do).
lentwentyone ratingfour even on turning down the sound and music volume in games settings the footsteps are load and clear in game play.
lenfive ratingfour hope that gets muted too.
lenfive ratingfour great game though - xperia s
lenten ratingfour it is great ben is in temple run the original
lentwo ratingfive pretty amazing
lensix ratingfive awesome game, can't wait for #3!
lensix ratingfive better than the first temple run
leneleven ratingfive it is a awsome game ever  evry thing had others told
leneight ratingfive no complaints.great game.need different outfits/choices.
lenfifteen ratingfour the status bar for the objective of getting 500k lifetime coins is not working please fix
lennine ratingfive this game is awesome, and a great time killer.
leneight ratingfive wanna give big hug to this software devoloper
leneleven ratingfour i like it but there r way to many bugs man!
lentwelve ratingfour game has improved, but it is also heavier than the previous one.
leneight ratingfour because of which, it slows down my android.
lenseventeen ratingthree made it different enough you don't get bored from the same old game over and over
lenfive ratingfive addicting for my big sister.
lenthree ratingfive keep em coming!
lensix ratingfive good game better than temple run
lentwo ratingfive superb addiction
leneleven ratingfive good cool game love it i'm addicted to this game
lensix ratingfive u love this game a lot
lenthirtyfour ratingone der r mny glitches lyk running at boost speed if we jump too much during boost,failure in filling d bonus bar even aftr collecting d coins especially in caves, fix it n 5 stars
lenseventeen ratingtwo the game is good but everytime i get 5,000 coins it always drops down to 2,000 which is unfair
lentwentyfour ratingtwo i still like it but it doesn't load it just have th i.s then it goes to an dark screen please fix
leneight ratingfive great graphics and game play for all ages.
lenthirtyfour ratingone the game stops recording the number of coins you collect over a lifetime when you get to level 8, so that it is impossible to complete one of the mission goals which is gold miner.
lentwentyone ratingone what is the point off having a game that you get involved in, and then never letting you get to level 9?
lentwo ratingone sucks asssssss
lennine ratingfive a very good game better then the first one
lenfour ratingfive good graphics new adventure
lenthree ratingfive loving this game
lenfour ratingfive best temple run yet
lensix ratingfive simply addictive and not too hard
lentwo ratingfive definitely recommend
lennine ratingfive it is a sexy game i have ever seen
lensix ratingfive play it every chance i get.
lensix ratingone nice game but sometimes abit laggy.
lensix ratingfour nice game better that temple run 1
leneight ratingfive always trying to beat friends and coworkers scores
leneight ratingfive great improvement over the already super hit game .
leneight ratingfive it is excelllent game and i love it!
lenfour ratingone long time to load
leneleven ratingfive great game with an agility to tilt nor slide those screen
leneighteen ratingthree after a while of playing it starts to lag badly and i end up dying because of it >:-/
leneight ratingfour its really awesome i enjoy time for play
lensix ratingfour pretty fun ,but can lag sometumes
lenten ratingfour it keeps crashing and i have to uninstall the reinstall.
lenseven ratingfour i'm giving it a last try.
lennine ratingfour if it crashes it's getting uninstalled for good.
lenthirtynine ratingfive this game is so addictive and awesome you.should make a third one i've already made like the highest score on this one its like 10000000 or something close to that so keep in mind.of a third one .
lennine ratingone i downloaded it and it don't open.sad :-(
lentwo ratingfive temple run 2
lentwentyfour ratingtwo two star only due to the immense lag on the xperia j.its slow and everything lags.if the programmers could fix this issue :/
lenfour ratingfive graphics are really nice.
lennine ratingfive the game have very few glitches.honestly, its addictive!
lenfive ratingfive wish you could do more.
lenseventeen ratingfive i hate that you can't ear thing.you have to purchase them.thats the only downside.
lentwo ratingfive overall great :)
lenfive ratingfive bit interesting than previous version
lenfourteen ratingfour i don't usually play games on my phone,  buy this is an exception.
lennine ratingfour its fun good time pass when bored and addictive!
lenfourteen ratingfour game is good but updating cannot be done,if not i would have given 5
lenfive ratingone realy bad it not supportingbnnnnnnnnnmmjhj
leneleven ratingfive the guy runs and turns slow but everything else is perfect
lensix ratingfive amazing improvement to the first part.
lenten ratingfive it's exciting, faster, free and works like a charm!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 1 is so better in response
lenfifteen ratingtwo points are always be falling.its so annoying and there is no points game sucks
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour dowload was to long
lenthirteen ratingthree it's an addictive game but lags too much even on low graphics.
lenseven ratingthree taking of power ups is quite difficult.
lenseventeen ratingthree while on turn the screen suddenly changes which makes eye uncomfortable so need to be more updated.
leneleven ratingthree so plz hve these problems solved & i will give five stars
lenfour ratingfour this game is awesome.
leneleven ratingfour it's like a new graphics than the first temple run.
lenthirteen ratingfive this is awesome on my victory 4g lte can't wait for temple run 3!
lenten ratingfive just as good if not better than the first game
lensix ratingfive very fast, great graphics, very addictive
lenfifteen ratingfive this 1 makes the first look horrible it's cold great so addictive i love it
lenseventeen ratingone i  have an android samsung galaxy  tablet and i  can't download the game on  my tablet!
lennine ratingone this is freaking  bogus and i'm highly upset!
lentwo ratingfour great app
lenseven ratingfive get it it's great and fun
lentwo ratingfive absolutely addictive.
lennine ratingfive i love this game its great and its hard
lenthree ratingfive luv the game
leneleven ratingthree theres aomething wrong with my coins count it went from 2k to 400 :(
leneight ratingfour it is very fun but lags a lot
lentwo ratingfive excellent game .
lenseven ratingone why i can't download this game
leneleven ratingthree the game is simple and fun but its objectives need work.
lenten ratingthree they are the same thing repeatedly but in exorbitant amounts.
lenfour ratingthree ex: run 1k meters> run 1mil.
lenfour ratingthree meters> run 10 million meters.
lenfourteen ratingthree not really challenging just time consuming for a pick up and play phone game.
lenfourteen ratingfive even if this game cost 5$ people would get it because it is very addictive!
lensixteen ratingfive temple run 2 is a great game the upgrades are far more better then the first one!
lenten ratingfour temple run two runs good on my phone (no lag)
lenthirteen ratingthree great game but lags alot and i have a dual core phone so!
lenseven ratingfive temple run 2 is better than temple run
leneighteen ratingfive its fun and very cool to play the best  part is when you are swinging on the vine .
lennine ratingfive you have got to try this game its amazing!
lenten ratingfive this game is off the hook i am so addicted!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfourteen ratingtwo used to work fine but it's been laggy and jittery since the update.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i can't play for even 30 seconds without a lag messing me up.
lenfive ratingthree glitched progress on lifetime  coins.
lenfourteen ratingthree just  got  500k  lifetime  coins  but did  not finish  objective due to  glitched  progress  bar.
lentwelve ratingthree you  fixed it on iphones awhile  ago, why  so  long for android?
lensix ratingfive this is my favorite game ever.
lenfour ratingfive better than the original
lentwentyfive ratingone i have seen so many devices now closing the app after the title screen opens please fix this i really want to play the game
lennine ratingfive this app is better than the last (: great update
lentwentythree ratingfour i have been playing for a long time i noticed my coins missing.like i'd have 1500 then they showed  i had 1000 something.
lensixteen ratingfour i also purchased the 5000 coins deal they showed but after i fired they were gone again.
lenseventeen ratingfour i wanted to unlock the other 2 people but i can't because my coins aren't there.
lenthree ratingfive great addictive gamej
lenthree ratingfour fun and heard
lenforty ratingfour i would give it 5 stars but i dont like having to tilt for coins because it always makes me die:( otherwise its a great app and anyone would like it! for boys and girl i think its a great game!
lentwentynine ratingfour its a great game but the only thing is the 500,000 lifetime gold i have over 700,000 and i still didn't complete it so fix this and ill give 5 stars
lensixteen ratingtwo just did the latest update, and it erased all of my progress from before the update.
lentwelve ratingtwo the characters that i had unlocked, all the upgrades, all my coins.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo this was a fun game, but i'm more than a little anoyed that it was reset, is there anything i can do about it?
lenseven ratingfive i can't put my phone down!
lenseventeen ratingfive lovee this game on my galaxy s 111 i thought 1 was fun, way better love the train cart
lensix ratingfive this game is just too cool.
lenfive ratingone im unable to play it!
lenthirteen ratingone i click the app and it goes to the homescreen.then it closes.
