lensix ratingfive i really luv playing this game
lenseven ratingfive this game works and its super fun
lenthirtysix ratingthree fish bucks need to be easier to get, also i sold my mrs. claus fish for 6,000, exited the game, went back later and the fish was gone and so were the 6000 coins i sold it for.
leneleven ratingthree i was not happy at all, other then that good game.
lenfive ratingthree oh, and fix the lag.
lenthree ratingfive coolest game ever
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour very interesting and 2ide range of fish :)
leneleven ratingone make it a little more affordable and breed quicker cmon please
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun!
lentwelve ratingfour its fun, but fishbucks and coins are way too hard to get.
lentwelve ratingfour you also should be able to do more things with your fish.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfour a nice and relaxing game.
lenthirteen ratingfour this is alot of fun,..its my next favorit next to angry birds
lennine ratingfive fun app...and i recommend it to any age!!!!
lenthirteen ratingfive thank you so very much for returning all my fish, i missed tgem :-)
lenthirtysix ratingfive i like the game but i want to know how do i go about getting my old game, since my other game device was taken out of my car' item was traced down and was sold .
lenfour ratingfive its easy to play.
lensix ratingfive im having fun with my fishes.
lenthree ratingfive fun time killer
lennineteen ratingfour it's a fun game but for some reason it's really slow when i click on fish eggs.
lenthree ratingfive lovin this game
lenseven ratingfour i am so addicted to this game
lentwelve ratingfive this is the best coolest virtual pet i've ever had :-d
lenthree ratingfive very fun game
lenthree ratingfour like the contest.
lenone ratingfour trophies.
lentwo ratingfour and graphics.
lennine ratingfour there is like little to do to earn them.
lenfour ratingone i love tap fish!
lenseven ratingone the fish look so real, and pretty.
lentwentytwo ratingfour id give it 5 stars if you could buy more fish bucks using just fish coins other than that its a good game.
leneight ratingfour haven't had any problems i love it
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenseven ratingfive love this app better than tapfish exotic
lentwelve ratingtwo mystery fish it always tells me i haven't any to breed.
lenten ratingtwo i keep buying mystery fish but it just wont work.
lentwelve ratingtwo im scared to  buy mystery fish if i can't  breed them.
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
leneight ratingfive so addictive and fun definitely a great app
lennine ratingfive it was the best game i have ever played
lenthree ratingfour love this app....
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!!
lenfifteen ratingfive just taken a load off fish off me snd won't let me breed fish
lentwelve ratingfive new year event start on ios devices but not on android devices?
lenseven ratingfive looks like all the bugs got fixed.
lenten ratingfive thanks, back to loving the game as much as ever.
lenfive ratingfive the polar bear fishy rocks!
lentwo ratingfour adorable game
lenthree ratingfour like its ok
lensix ratingfive awesome game although could be smoother
lensix ratingthree nice game if you like fish.
lenseven ratingfive they are sooooo cool keep it up
lenfourteen ratingfour badass till i switched phones and all my progress was erased please fix this!!
lentwo ratingthree love playing
lenfive ratingfour i really like tap fish.
leneight ratingfour and i've been playing a long time.
lensixteen ratingfour but my issue is to be able to move my tanks from my old phone to.
lenseven ratingfour the new one....and coins for bucks!!
lenthree ratingfour visit my tanks "fishfanzy1116"
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game!!!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!!!!
lenten ratingone using the new version and it still loses your money.
lentwo ratingone this app.
lentwentyseven ratingone stole  75 bucks beware of this app it *locks up all the time  now and is very glitchy (game), that will stell your hard earned money from you.
lennineteen ratingone go ahead have fun trying to make some money to buy stuff that you must have to move forward.
lennine ratingone and have a fish burp good bye fish bucks.
leneleven ratingone and fish headquarters don't care and won't help you.                                               :(  :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
lensixtythree ratingone so the app updated earlier and when i just went to play the game i had to start all over again with i'm very mad about because i was on like level 35 and had like 30 fish tanks and there are all gone n now i have to start all over again which really bothers me cause i do really like this game.
lenthirtysix ratingone i would really like it if somehow i can get my levels n fish back it would really mean a lot i did spend a lot of time getting all the fish n things i had
lenfour ratingfive best game i played
lensixteen ratingfour it's a good game i had for years but i didn't get no updates
lenthree ratingthree in data middle
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfive this game is fun and very hands on.
lentwo ratingfive love it
lenfive ratingfive it is a relaxing game.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy playing.
lensix ratingfive it great i love this game
lenfive ratingfive love this game so fun
lentwo ratingfive great great
lenfour ratingfive neat game for kids
lentwelve ratingfour i check regularly throught the day to see how my fishies are!!
lenthirteen ratingfour deffinatly a brilliant time killer while the other half has his tv time!
lennine ratingfive it's a great game i love it's
lentwentyone ratingfour this is an absolutely fun game but the missions completely striped me from my fish bucks and i am so dissopinted.
lenseven ratingfive i like watching imaginary fish all day
leneight ratingfive all bred fish are missing from tanks (350+ fish).
lennine ratingfive breeding tanks won't work and graphics are missing.
lenfifteen ratingfive past event (christmas) is still present with an error if you try to open it.
lenfourteen ratingfive _droid bionic at level 48_  ** missing fish are back, all glitches seem to be gone.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i luv this app it is awsome i get ro feed and buy fish with fish bucks and fish tokens u dont even have to buy any thing with your own money.
leneight ratingfive i sugest u get this app its great.
lensixteen ratingthree can't open certain brands of fish eggs, but other than that this app is entertaining!!
lenten ratingfive thank you for sorting the job out ha many thanx :)
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it
lenfour ratingthree its alot of fun.
lentwentytwo ratingthree the only thing keeping it from a five is it keeps giving a low memory message, and i know its not true.
lenfive ratingthree i have plenty of memory
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lensix ratingfive every bred fish is now gone!
lentwo ratingfive what happened????
lentwo ratingfive great app.
lentwo ratingfive very entertaining.
lenthree ratingfive love my fish!!!!
lennine ratingfive it is an exellent app if you like fish
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a grate game and i will play it every day from now on
lentwelve ratingfive thank you very much for returning all my missing fish and items!
lensix ratingfive i was worried about them, lol.
lenseven ratingfive been collecting them for quite a while.
lenfifteen ratingfive had to come back and give another review especially when your action was so quick!
lenfive ratingfive thanks again, love your app!
lenseven ratingfive i am so addicted to this game!
lensix ratingfive i have been playing for 2 years!
lentwentythree ratingfive a big shout out to tech support if i ever had a problem it was always fixed immediately thanks for the great game ;)
lenthirteen ratingfour only one thing please fix so it will stop slowing down my phone. ;(
lenthree ratingfive play it everyday
leneight ratingfour why not have a new years breeding event?
lenthirteen ratingfour i think the games alright got some glitches but an overall good game
lenthree ratingfive great fun app
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
leneleven ratingfive if you play ha on facebook you'll love tap fish.
lenseven ratingfour i love this game its so awesome!
lenthree ratingfour it never froze.
lensix ratingfour its like i actually have fish 0-0
lentwentytwo ratingfour its really fun when doing events because you get to see all the different kinds of fish they come up with 4 stars.
lentwenty ratingfour the spin to win took four fishbucks from me and this recent event did not give me a free angelfish.
lentwentythree ratingfour 12.29.12 eta 7:22 am eastern time  i did a update yesterday and now the special event fish i saved over the year have been deleted.
leneleven ratingfour 12.29.12 eta 9:24 am looks like the bug was fixed after last update.
lenone ratingfour thanks.
lenfour ratingone im nt gonna lie.
lensix ratingone at first this game was awesome.
lenten ratingone it had some force closing problem bt they fixed it.
lenfour ratingone i missed three missions!!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingone i read comments from the updated and it seems lk this game is goin down.
lenfourteen ratingone i loved tapfish bt im tired of the b.s and im jus uninstallin.
leneighteen ratingone imma throw away all my work and money i wasted bt its stupid that it wnt get fixed!
lentwo ratingone zero stars.
lensix ratingone its nt worth it no more!!!!
lennine ratingone trust me ur better of playin some othe game!!!
lensix ratingfive love this app, love my fish.
lenseven ratingfour great app when it doesn't freeze.
lenten ratingfour needs more breedable fish that don't require fish bucks.
lensix ratingone cant breed fish like everyone else.
leneight ratingone so mad all the time spent and uninstalled.
lenseven ratingone will never install this game ever again.
leneight ratingone i would give 0 stars now if i could
leneleven ratingthree sad that the development team has poor quality control on releases.
lensix ratingthree see other comments for problem description.
lenfive ratingone where did my fish go.
lensix ratingone latest update deleted half my fish.
lennineteen ratingfive all the christmas fish i just bred and other christmas fish that i bought to bred are all missing.
lenone ratingfive help!
leneighteen ratingone now its all gone i cannot use my breeding tanks & my limited breedable fish & bred fish are gone!!!
leneleven ratingfour oh my gosh what happened to my breeds fish?all gone!
lenthirtyfive ratingthree updated my tap fish and all my fish that i had just used my fish bucks to revive were dead and lots of my special fish that i had in display tanks are just gone..
lentwelve ratingone after last uodate im missing my coin fish n i cant breed.
lenfour ratingone so over u tapfish!!!!!
lenfour ratingtwo can no longer play.
lensix ratingtwo since last update 29.12.12 , have lost everything.
lenfourteen ratingtwo spent a small fortune in money on this my favourite android game and disappointed.
lenfour ratingtwo please could you rectify.
lenseven ratingone app worked great before this last update.
lensix ratingone lost all of my bred fish.
lenten ratingone i am on level 34 so that is alot of fish.
lensix ratingone update f'd this app up.
lenthirteen ratingone took all of my holiday fish and i can't breed any fish.
lenthirteen ratingone at the end of the christmas event all of my bred fish disappeared.
lenfive ratingone it wasn't the update.
lenseven ratingone i still updated after they were missing.
lenfive ratingone i want my fish back :(
lenfive ratingone same problem as everyone else.
lensix ratingone all my bred fish are mssing.
lenthirteen ratingone can't breed more and can't move from breeding lab to tank.
lentwelve ratingone it won't load fish when i clearly have bought the fish.
lenfifteen ratingone the christmas event didn't load until the day before it was due to expire.
lenseven ratingone i lost out on all of it.
leneighteen ratingone now when i try to breed it won't allow me to even breed what i do have
lensixtytwo ratingone i could just cry:(  i have been playing this game for a year and on your last update i woke up in the morning to find that all my fish that i have spent my money on are all gone.  my breeding tanks say that i have hatched eggs when none are in there.  what is up. how can i fix this?
leneleven ratingtwo i thought it was just me but i lost my 4th tank ..
lenthree ratingtwo dnt know how ..
lennine ratingtwo i've been playing this for over a year ..
lentwentytwo ratingone if you have to spend fish bucks to buy fish - the fish should be sold back for fish bucks and not coins.
lentwentyone ratingone if your going to pay coins when fish are sold, you should have more items involve coin buying and not bucks.
lenfour ratingtwo last update failed miserably.
lenfour ratingtwo can no longer breed.
lenthree ratingtwo bred fish missing.
lenthree ratingtwo dropped the ball.
lenten ratingone where all my fisj, they are gone, plz fix it
lenseven ratingthree also cannot reset to last saved game.
leneight ratingone also it wouldn't let breeding any more.
leneleven ratingthree its good, but all my fish in my tank went missing
lenthree ratingthree what the hell!
leneleven ratingthree half my fish are missing and the breed tanks arent working!
lenfifteen ratingthree 2 new updates and now the breeding tanks arent working properly and some fish have disappeared!
lensix ratingfive i love this app so addictive
lennine ratingfour i really enjoy this app in my spare time.
lentwenty ratingone they put a fish that had been out of stock on sale,they treat us like we're stupid -"new!"
lenfortyeight ratingone old decos from last year.this game freezes up and shuts down constantly.the items u pay for are very overpriced.this last update is screwy im happy that all the names and numbers r now readable but it turned all my decos inside out.gameview u suck.
lentwentyfour ratingone bought fish buck and never got them 20.00 worth now have to call bank to fight it stop deleteing my post and refund my money!!!!
lentwo ratingfour great game.
lentwo ratingfour oh well....
leneight ratingfive this is the funnest game i ever played
lenten ratingone update, crash, then lost everything, even what i paid for!!!!!
lenfour ratingthree its an ok game!!!
lensix ratingtwo it takes to long to load
lenfour ratingfive addictive and good fun.
lensix ratingfive cheaper to play on an ipod.
lenseventeen ratingfive this is my all time favorite game, i love it and so does my 19 month old daughter.
leneleven ratingfive she loves to help her mommy feed the fish every day.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive definitely worth the download!
lenten ratingfive i just love it and the special events r fun
lenfive ratingfive i love this game :d!!!
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lenthirtyone ratingfour i love the game the bubble tips do annoy me but i want to know is how do i get more bucks without buying them and downloading games to get them?!?!
lenthirtyone ratingfour i just download the game not even a week ago and i am still trying to figure out things plz help me out if you know how to get bucks faster!
lentwelve ratingone as soon as i updated i lost over half of my coins.
lennine ratingfour great game done minor bugs but nothing to bad
lenfive ratingfive awsome game u should download.
lenfour ratingfive it's worth it
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game it intertains me when im bored it is  very good
lenten ratingthree the games fun but rips u off on ur bucks
leneleven ratingfour love this game but doesn't alway work on my phone.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfour love the game but my fish keep dieing
lenfourteen ratingfive awsome so much like having your own real tank but with more exciting fish
lentwo ratingthree too costly.
lenfive ratingfive especially when taking a crap ;-)
lentwentyone ratingthree unfortunate that you have to spend your own money for bucks, coins or download other games to receive few free ones .
lenfour ratingthree otherwise a great app.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenseven ratingfour challenges are not nearly so impossible now.
leneight ratingfive the game had multiple glitches... in my favor!
leneleven ratingfive they fixed them, but not before i made billions in coins.
lenfifteen ratingfive bucks are still hard to come by, so decide wisely on how to use them.
leneight ratingone at one time i gave a 5 star rating.
leneleven ratingone since all the recent updates all it does is force close .
lenseventeen ratingone which sucks because its my favorite game when the bugs aee fixed will go back to 5 stars.
lenseventeen ratingone also as others have mentioned you need more breedable fish to buy for coins not fish bucks.
leneighteen ratingone shame on you this was listed as a free game (free) yet you need fish bucks for everything!!!!!
lennineteen ratingone at least consider trading coins for fish bucka so everyone can enjoy the full extent of the (free) game .
lennineteen ratingfour love the game but get really stressed out and mad when my fish die cuz i didnt feed it.
lentwo ratingfive download asap!!!!!!!!:)
leneighteen ratingfour so much money and time  spent on my guilty pleasure turned addiction and can't even open it.
lenthree ratingfour loading my a$$.
lenfour ratingfive awesome getting best game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirteen ratingfour tapfishfan cute and fun game, especially if you need to pass some time.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwenty ratingfour i like this game it passes the time... it is a bit slow but when i'm waiting for appts.
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
leneight ratingfive grow fish and sell, breed and have fun.
lenone ratingfive addicting!
lenfive ratingfive i love this game but.
lenthree ratingfive need more free.
lenone ratingfive fish.
lenone ratingfive bucks
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenseventeen ratingfour very hard to get fish bucks but my soon loves the game will give you four stars
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lenthree ratingfive a great game!
lenfour ratingfour my baby luv it!!!!!!
lensix ratingfive this is a veary fun game
lensix ratingfive samsung galaxy captivate- love the game.
lenfive ratingfive more quests would b awesome.
leneight ratingfive this game gives me a lot to do!
leneleven ratingfive just wish it didn't take so long to earn stuff.
lenseven ratingtwo now my 20 tanks are all messed up.
leneleven ratingtwo please undo this update and give me back my beautiful tanks.
lenthree ratingtwo thanks for nothing.
lenfive ratingtwo thumbs down all the way.
lenthree ratingfive awesome and entertaining
lenthree ratingfive its sooooo fun
lentwentyfour ratingone after a second time re-installing the game, rebuilding my tanks, then after another one of their "updates", the game was messed up again.
leneighteen ratingone they get you to work on your game, even buy the over priced fish bucks, then they "update"
leneleven ratingone the game so it crashes and you have to start over.
lentwo ratingone total scam.
lennine ratingfive it is so fun i recemend it for everyone!!!!!!!
lenten ratingfour used to rate a five but now is a one.
lentwentytwo ratingfour the last update took away some pretty cool fish that u can only get if u download the tapfish exotic to get.
lensixteen ratingfour tapfish 2 has more cool fish but u can't get if u already have this version.
lenseven ratingfour have to have fishbucks for almost everything.
lenthree ratingfour about to uninstall.
lentwentytwo ratingfour i recommend you install this game but one problem it uses to much of my time other than that it's great.
lentwelve ratingfive long time game player but lost all my tanks when switched phones.
leneight ratingfive i couldn't resist starting over again though.
lentwentyone ratingfive the best game i've ever played five stars best and ur dumb if u given tap 1 star 2 stars and 3 stars
lenfiftyseven ratingfour love this game really gud, u can bead fish nd get all different kinds of fish i got a santa clause fish nd a mrs clause fish nd bred them lots of times nd got all different ones like snowman fish angel fish with halo its pretty cool to c wat other fish u can create xxx
lenten ratingfive really addictive with lots of events to keep you interested
lenfive ratingfive i like all the fish.
lentwo ratingfive very enjoyable.
lenone ratingfive fun.
lenone ratingfive addictive!
lenthree ratingfive passes the time.
lenthree ratingfive good time killer.
lenthree ratingfive some interesting "species"
lentwo ratingfive when breeding!
lenfour ratingfive offers a few challenges!
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lensix ratingfive it keeps force closing on me.
lensix ratingfive it just started doing this today 4/28/12.
lentwentytwo ratingfive i had to uninstall to see if it would fix the problem lost everything i had done and still is doing it
lenfour ratingfive most cool entertained app
leneight ratingfive its kinda word lol but i like it
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it and have my whole family taking care of my fish!
lenthree ratingfive love this game ..
lenone ratingfive cute =)
lensixteen ratingthree ok game i like it i had bigger ones b4 i deleted game cant get it back
leneight ratingfive love this game and play it every day!!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!!
lenfour ratingfour it's so addicting!
lenseventeen ratingfour the only problem i have with this game is that it's hard to get fish bucks.
leneighteen ratingfour you actually have to buy them if totally want more, it's hard to get them for free
lenfour ratingfour fun and cute game.
lenfive ratingfive i fcuking love this game!!!
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun.
lenten ratingfive its easy and u can take ur time with stuff.
lenten ratingfive but i love how it has daily goals to achieve.
lensixteen ratingfive there so much to do with in the game that u just want to keep playing.
lenfive ratingfour so much fun to play
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive i really like this app.
lentwo ratingfive excellent time
lenthree ratingfive i love tapfish.
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfour ratingfive great to play anytime.
leneight ratingfive haven't had any trouble out if it.
lennine ratingfour its great but its too hard to get fishbucks
lentwentyseven ratingfive this game is like the best game ever i totally love it definetly get i give it two thumbs up there are no problems for me lol
lenfive ratingfive its awesome, i love it!
lennine ratingfive i enjoy this game, its a total time killer.
lenthree ratingfive best game ever!!!!!
leneight ratingfive get this game and i love the events
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwenty ratingfive muy buen juego, adictivo, vale la pena jugarlo, solo me gustaria pagar para compare el juego y no salman adds.
lentwo ratingfive definitivamente excelente.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive andkids love it to.
lentwelve ratingfive but some of the items an fish cost to much real money.
lensix ratingfive it's a resechtion out here.
lenfive ratingfour lower the prices for things
lenfive ratingfive yulia i like the game.
lentwelve ratingfive its just i ain't willing to spend money for fish money
lentwentytwo ratingfour great game but i usually have to try and open the game twice before it finally lets me in 4 stars till fixed
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play
lentwo ratingfive good game.
lenfour ratingfive relaxing live wall paper
lenseven ratingfive i think tapfish is fun and intaning
leneleven ratingthree fun but it takes too long for the fish to grow.
lentwentyone ratingfour fish bucks should be easier to get and there should be more fish u can buy with coins instead of bucks.
lenseven ratingfour other then that its a fun game.
leneleven ratingthree i had been playing for a year, when my tablet died.
lenfourteen ratingthree after getting it working again, i had to start my tanks all over again.
lenseven ratingthree i had 20 tanks and tons of fish.
lenthirteen ratingthree lots of time and money down the drain with no help or support.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenten ratingfive this is a blast and is fun for all ages
lenfour ratingfour great app love it
lenfour ratingfour finally fixed by devs.
lenfive ratingfour takes awhile to resolve issues.
lentwo ratingfour be careful!
lenseven ratingfour if you change phones, u loose everything!
lenseven ratingfour fish, coins, bucks, tanks, all purchases, etc!
lenthree ratingfour fun...fun...fun!
lentwenty ratingfour great app....just wish you could get more fish bucks just playing the game instead of having to buy them.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwentysix ratingfive i got a limited edition santa and mrs claus fish thats 2 fish in first lot they are breeding im now getting a christmas turtle (ultra rare)
lentwo ratingfive awesomely addicting
lenthree ratingfour a little glitch
lenfourteen ratingthree should be a way to exchange coins for bucks even it's high price.
lentwo ratingtwo "fish live"
lenthree ratingtwo is way better!
lentwo ratingtwo uninstalling this
lenthree ratingfive love this app
lenseven ratingfive i like the sound of the tanks
lensix ratingfive love to play great stress reliever.
lenfive ratingfour good fun for all ages.
lentwentyseven ratingfive absolutely love this app......i love fish and all that live in it......this is great.....way cheaper and easier to take care of for sure.....lol
leneight ratingfive i love this game it's so fun.
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lennine ratingfive encourages patience in kids and also nurturing living things
lensix ratingfour a bit slow but very relaxing
lenthree ratingfive nice great game.
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive ..wish i could get breeding tanks without fish bucks though. .no bugs ever!
lentwenty ratingfour it should be easier to get free fish bucks and the ratio of bred fish during events is way off.
lenfive ratingfour other then that, pretty good.
lenfive ratingfive having fun need fish bucks
lenseven ratingfive i love your game it's fun
leneleven ratingfour great game except the fish bucks that are impossible to get
lenthree ratingfive very good game !
lenthree ratingfive addicted to it
lenthirtyone ratingfive it's  an almost real fish aquarium that you will definitely fall in love with best pet ever--fish to feed, watch, and breed while designing the entire dreamy aquarium theme
lenthree ratingfive love this app!
lenseven ratingfive no time for a live fish tank?
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lenfive ratingfive i cant put it down
lenseven ratingfive wish the fish were cheaper to buy
lenfour ratingfive tap fish is awesome
leneleven ratingfive best game on the sceen so much to keep you ingested
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game!!!
leneleven ratingfive you can take care of fish and they look so real!
lentwentythree ratingfive you could get neighbours and take care of their fish and get tap fish money while sombody is taking care of your fish!
lennine ratingfive get this game you will like it a lot!!!
lenfour ratingfive luv feedind my fishies
lenseven ratingone it made my phone be extremely slow.
lenthree ratingone i like sushi.
lenten ratingone game will not restore since i got my new phone.
lenthree ratingone i'm irritated.
lenfour ratingfive good game for timepass.
lenten ratingfour cool game but fish bucks are few and far between.
lensix ratingfour too hard to collect the bucks.
lenseven ratingfive i can't stop playing.... so good.
lenfour ratingfive game is absolutely brilliant
lenfour ratingfive cool game rather addicting.
lenthirteen ratingfive just wish some of the fish weren't so expensive (in fish bucks)
lentwentyeight ratingfive i love this game but since i updated it the last time it force closes on me 9 out oc 10 times please fix the problem i have android oltimus
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive great fun.
leneleven ratingfive but need to be able to trade coins for fish bucks.
lensixteen ratingfive also,  lost my game once and now having trouble getting it transverse to a new phone.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennineteen ratingtwo once upon a time i rated this app 5 stars but as of last update my enjoyment level has changed.
lenfortyfive ratingtwo i like getting the extra coins for 100% happiness but that no longer happens because  all my tanks are now 65% at best and i took nothing out of them to change it......there are other weird things going on as well like no algae build up!!!
lenfifteen ratingtwo nevertheless the game still deserves 2 stars because i still get to see my fish grow!!
lenfifteen ratingthree it's kinda boring to me...maybe because i don't fully understand the game
lensix ratingfour great way to kill some time!
lenfourteen ratingfive this is my favorite game there is never nothing to do on tap fish
lenthirteen ratingfive so fun but i lost every thing when i uninstalled it for space.
lenfourteen ratingfive i didnt give me an option to restore but it is still really fun.
leneighteen ratingfive also all the fish usually cost a couple thousand fish bucks and 1300 fish bucks is one hundred dollors!
leneight ratingfive so i think you should make them cheaper.
lennineteen ratingfive cause noone can really earn all those fish bucks and they probobly wont spend 300 dollors on one virtual fish.
lenthree ratingfour i am addicted.
lenfive ratingfour love the fish, so cute.
lenthree ratingfour great fish events.
leneight ratingfour however, i don't want to start over.
leneight ratingfive this is really a good game love it
lenfourteen ratingone i really liked the game until i went on and had a tank missing.
lenthree ratingone then 14 fish bucks.
lennineteen ratingone sent an email asking for help and was basically told to be more careful not to delete my tanks.
lenseventeen ratingone i guess i shld have tried to be more careful and not delete my fish bucks too.
lenone ratingone bull.
leneight ratingone thanks for nothing tap fish for your help.
lentwelve ratingone nothing like spending time on something and having all your work disappear.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenseven ratingfive also rating this gives me 2 fish bucks.
lentwentythree ratingfive really fun game...i play together with my 9 year old and we have so much fun showing each other what we have done...5 *****
lenfifteen ratingfive best game for kids to learn how to take care of they'er fish pets
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive this is a cool game.
lennine ratingone i am very upset and want something done now.
lenfive ratingone this had never happened.before.
lenseventeen ratingone i got the same, congratulations, ur bucks will appear shortly.numbing jumbo and days later still nothing.
lentwelve ratingone i either want my money back or my f'ing fish bucks.
leneight ratingone what the hwy k is going on.here!
lenfour ratingone very upset w tapfiah
lentwo ratingfive nice game.
lentwo ratingfive enjoy it
leneighteen ratingfour great at to waste time at but i wish to fish didn't cost so much to purchase
lenten ratingfour wish there was an easier way to make fish bucks!
lenthree ratingfive best game ever.
lensixteen ratingfive but need to be able to get mote fish bucks and the levels should be shorter
leneight ratingone i can't get enough of this app.
lensixteen ratingone however i would like my fish and items earned and purchased from my prior phone..please.
lenfive ratingone then i will 5 star again! :)
lenthree ratingfive love this app
lensix ratingfive i am really enjoying this app.
lensixteen ratingfive it could be alittle better if there was a way to cash in coins for bucks
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lenfifteen ratingthree no access for 2 weeks since update.why are you not fixing this bug for us.
lenfour ratingthree forces close on opening.
lenfour ratingthree fish look mostly realistic.
lenseventeen ratingthree they don't have enough varieties of creatures/decorations for the currency you mostly make in game.
lentwelve ratingthree example i dont think seahorses are available for coins only fish bucks.
lentwelve ratingthree also prices seem a little high for most items in both currency.
leneighteen ratingthree would have liked to add my friend as a buddy but she uses iphone and i have android.
lentwo ratingone terror fish.
lennine ratingone dont give those assholes access to your phone data.
leneleven ratingfive i like this game i played it sence i was five
lentwo ratingfive passes time...
lennine ratingfive super fun and keeps my 7 year old daughter busy.
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lennine ratingfive just wish it was easier to get fish bucks.
lentwelve ratingfive i love tap fish... never locks up runs great on my nexus 7
lensix ratingfour i still haven't been compensated !
lentwenty ratingfour also, alot of the free buck opportunities, do.not give you.the bucks and the fish prices have become outrageous :(
lenfortythree ratingfour fun and makes a neat background but hassle to get enough fishbucks to buy stuff should b able buy stuff wit jus coins kinda dumb they want u use real $ for fishbu ks to get stuff for fake fish on a free app
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenfourteen ratingfive i really enjoy this game im at level 71,been playing since jan the yr.
lentwentyfour ratingfive i give you guys a lot of credit making it pretty easy to   get fishie bucks unlike many games that make it almost impossible.
lenthirteen ratingfive i also understand the need to make money to keep the game going.
lenseventeen ratingfive but when you put a quest out lately the things you need to buy are pretty high.
lenfourteen ratingfive during the quest would it be possible to get these items at a discount?
lenseventeen ratingfive then once over and people still want the fish for their collection have them at full price.
lennineteen ratingfour it's like taking care of real fish but when these die you can revive them back to life.
lentwentyseven ratingfive i must admit that i have been harsh in my reviews of tap fish by gameview studios in the past, however that is no longer my opinion.
lentwentynine ratingfive since it's debut in 2010 they continue to add new fish & adventures that make each day a delight & a nice escape from the worries of my own poor health.
lenthree ratingfive thank you darrell-
lenthirteen ratingfive my 3 year old son just loves watching the fish swim around for hours!!
lentwo ratingfive thank you
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive needs a sell all button
lentwentytwo ratingthree i would give the better rate but you did upgrade and i can't work with cleaning or feeding please fix this
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive very addictive.
lenthirteen ratingfive give you something to look forward to when you look in your phone
lensix ratingfive great game to kill time with.
lentwo ratingfive just amusing
lentwelve ratingfour u can't bring ur tanks with u to a new phone :(
lentwenty ratingone after new update...help - urgent help - catastrophic tapfish failure - cannot restore 70 tanks - help  daily bonus free spin did not download.
lenone ratingone foreclose.
leneight ratingone i had 70 tapfish tanks - help -help - urgent help!!!
lensix ratingone please advise asap - please help, urgent.
lenfour ratingone please restore my 70 tanks.
lenfive ratingfive my baby gurl loves it
lentwentyone ratingfive i'm on round 2 of playing i was in my lvl 30s before getting a new phone and wanting to start again.
lenfour ratingfive this game is funny
lenten ratingthree this game is slow but it is amazing get it !
lentwo ratingfive haveing fun
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lentwelve ratingone it takes about twenty taps in one spot to clean the tank.
lentwo ratingone wicked annoying.
lenfifteen ratingtwo upgraded my phone and now i can't get my old stuff back uninstalling unstatisfied.
lentwentyone ratingtwo update: lowering from 4 to 2 * due to earning fishbucks issues...i have been receiving less fishbucks upon completion then the offers state.
leneighteen ratingtwo one said 22 would be earned and i only received a few (i believe it was 3 for that one).
lenseventeen ratingtwo another i just completed by installing and opening robinson said it would give 7 and it only gave 2.
lennine ratingtwo it happens too often to be an isolated glitch.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it seems as if you deliberately overstate the amount of fishbucks for offers.
lenfive ratingtwo many never pay at all.
lenthirty ratingfive i can't even see the quests with the new update and if i accidentally hit them it force closes and asks what way i want to send an email.
lensix ratingfive that doesn't even make sense.
lenfifteen ratingfive also it's slower than before and seems to have more excuses to force close.
lensix ratingfive i wish it hadn't updated.
lenthree ratingfive awesome and additive
lenten ratingfive i try to find ways to make the most coins.
lentwenty ratingfive fix the way u click sponge n change tank to clean it is easy to do and less time consuming
lenten ratingone don't bother updating, the past version was much better.
leneight ratingone they have gone and phucked it up again.
lenfifty ratingone tanks list spacing is huge, cleaning tanks lags, can't continue action after switching tanks (buying fish for multiple tanks in series), opening breeding tanks lags, battery usage seemed to improve though....  thought they would have tested this update a bit more since the disaster that happened last time...fix.
lenthree ratingone version 2.45 (1-8-13) droid bionic
lennine ratingfour just starting out, but it's already becoming addicting!
lenthree ratingfive love this app
lenthree ratingfive fun yet challenging
lenfour ratingfive awesomely fun so cute
lenfive ratingfive loveeee it so much fun.
leneleven ratingfive this game takes to long for the fish to grow up
lenfour ratingfour gotta love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfour i love this game but i wish they would put more time in evints!
lenone ratingfour ~lela
lentwo ratingfive very entertaining.
lenfive ratingfive much easier than real fish!
lenfive ratingfour and my kids love it.
lenten ratingfive great game...needs more things to earn coins n bucks
lensixteen ratingone didn't get the new year event until yesterday and it will only be open 2 days.
leneight ratingtwo this game hardcore tries to get your money.
leneighteen ratingtwo it starts you off with simple goals then every achievement after that requires you to buy fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingtwo if your looking for something to waste time with it's not bad.
lensix ratingtwo otherwise be prepared to blow money.
lenseventeen ratingtwo i'd give it above 2 stars if it had more achievements that didn't require blowing money.
lensixteen ratingfour but you have to do something because as the game progresses it starts eating phone memory
lenten ratingfive earning fish bucks is a joke......otherwise it is addicting.
lentwo ratingfive lovely game
lennine ratingone after the latest android update...my 70 tanks are gone.
lenten ratingone i begged for help many, many times & waited for days.
lenfourteen ratingone finally, tapfish responded = my game, all my fish, 70 tanks, 250million+ coins, 175 earned fishbucks...all gone.
lensix ratingone i played for over a year.
lenone ratingone goodbye.
lenfive ratingfive i love the different fish!
lentwo ratingfive fun & easy
leneleven ratingfive the wait for breeding and growth sometimes takes the mick though
leneight ratingfour ok but you neds loads of fish bucks
lenfour ratingfive this game izz amazing
lenfour ratingfive i luv this game
lennineteen ratingthree everytime i open tapfish it immediately closes n i have to tap it again to get it to start.
lentwelve ratingthree i just got a brand new phone and its still doing it.
lentwenty ratingthree can yawl fix that plz? not only that, how can anyone afford to breed fish when they're so expensive??
lennine ratingthree plz make them more affordable, this is a game.
lenthirtytwo ratingthree i would rate higher but ive played this game on and off on seperate devices for about a year and there has been not many changes......upgrade and ill change my rating
lenthirteen ratingfive i love it and when i revive my fish it is just 1 dollar!
leneighteen ratingfive love this game just whish it was eazier to gain fish bucks but its the best game yet
lensix ratingfive best game ever, i like it.
lentwentytwo ratingfive great update now battery usage seemed to improve and i love the thank list, for me and my android is working fine.
lenthree ratingfive love this app :)
lensix ratingtwo did update now i cant clean.
lenfive ratingtwo tank not showing the dirt.
lentwelve ratingone constantly closes and when it does open it closes in the middle
lentwentytwo ratingthree i would give the better rate but you did upgrade and i can't work with cleaning or feeding please fix this
lentwentyone ratingfour it would be a really nice add-on to have a link straight from the trophy room to buy required fish.
lenten ratingfour sometimes it's hard to find the fish you need.
lentwelve ratingfour good game but kinda boring when there are no tasks to complete.
lenfour ratingfour keep the tasks coming!!!
lensix ratingfive this is the best game ever..
lenfourteen ratingfive i just wish there were other things to download to get free fish bucks.. ?
leneighteen ratingfive i love this game.u have a wide range of fish and its easy to add other people
lenthirtytwo ratingthree ever since the update i can't clean my tank and my happiness for each tank went from 96 down to the 50's. now i can't get bonus money well selling fish.
lenthree ratingthree please fix asap!
lenthirteen ratingfour great app just wish you could level up quicker to get more fish.
lentwentynine ratingfive i love this game it gives the kids somthing to do and kinda learn how to take care of fish and its somthing to do in your spare time
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfifteen ratingfour since the last update my live wallpaper doesn't show any of my tank decorations.
lenfourteen ratingfive tried few of the free aquarium games and think this by far the best.
lenfive ratingfive hours of fun a day
lenthirtysix ratingthree i like this game but wish you didn't have to use money to complete half the tasks...there should be minor challenges & games to earn fishbucks instead of having to use real money, kinda bs
lensix ratingfive its superb its phenomenal its perfect
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
leneleven ratingthree was working good but now i can't clean my tank
lenfourteen ratingone i have spent too much on fishbucks now i'm having trouble with events
lenthree ratingfive sooo much fun!!
lenone ratingfive addicting!
lenthirty ratingfour love the game but don't want to but fish bucks, u can get them for free on android by downloading some games but depends how much u wanna play .
lenthirtythree ratingtwo update sucks - just downloaded latest update yesterday and now i can't see when algae builds up in my tanks and i can't clean them and all of my fish are miserable.
lenfive ratingtwo update and fix immediately please!
lenseven ratingone check out fish live and forget this.
lensix ratingfive i enjoy playing this a lot.
lenten ratingthree its fun just not many options 4 breeding w/o money
lenten ratingfive its a game to have when you arent doing anything .
lenten ratingfive i got a good passing time game if you will
lentwo ratingfive very addictive.
lenseven ratingfive i check it daily..most often hourly.
lenfour ratingfive it's just fun.
lenthree ratingfive awesome seasonal breeding.
leneleven ratingfive been playing for over a year and still check it hourly.
lenfifteen ratingone at first i loved thiz app then i download the update it dosent let play
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirtysix ratingtwo its a awesome game but i have downloaded a couple things and did surveys on some and it wont give me my fish bucks fix this and i will give the game a 5 star rating again
leneight ratingfour i just wish the fish would be cheaper.
lenfive ratingfour well, its a great game.
lentwentyone ratingfour just when downloaded, when switching over to one breeding tank to the next i really can't. cause, its messed up.
lensix ratingfour over all i love tap fish.
lenfive ratingfour there should be another, afterwords..
leneight ratingfive i refused to play games on my phone.
lensix ratingfive until i started playing tap fish.
lenfour ratingfive the wonderful stress reliever.
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lentwelve ratingfive oooooohhhh best game ever i gave up excercises for this ap ftw
lenthirteen ratingfive this is a really fun game if you know how to play it.
lenthirteen ratingfive do only the challenges that you want to invest the fish bucks in.
leneleven ratingfive otherwise, just enjoy the free events; they are plentiful and fun!
lenone ratingfive enjoy!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenten ratingfive love that you can have your tank as live wallpaper.
lenfive ratingfive so far no tech probs.
lenfortynine ratingtwo love this game its fun eazy and entertaining but where are my fishbucks i have compleated  over three offers and habe goten nothing i compleated a mc donalds servey for 25 a shipwhrecked for 25  tap ranch for 7 and the darksumener for 27 waited two days now and nothing please fix this
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwenty ratingfive this app is very fun to play, i'd especially recommend it to those who love fish and marine life!!
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game there is always something ilove the frog event
lenfiftyone ratingfive i wasn't sure if i would like this game, however i've been playing tap fish for a little over a week now with my 4 year old daughter, and i must say that it is a really cool game, and it keeps my daughter busy when i'm cleaning house!!!
lentwelve ratingfour great game i love how you have special events and its fun.
lennine ratingone wtf'z the gag with these stupid frog bubbles.
lennine ratingone i've played this game for months wirhout nyproblems.
lenseven ratingone all of a sudden frog bubbles come.
lentwelve ratingone into the game n it freezes every time i try to play.
lenfive ratingone sort it da ell out
lenfour ratingfive its a cool game
lentwentythree ratingfour i don't normally like these games but i am really enjoying this one - playing with my mum and love raiding her tanks!
lentwentyone ratingfour this game is good everything works ok but its really slow and i keep losing loads of coins please fix this
lentwo ratingthree love it!!
leneleven ratingthree just wish some of the fish weren't so freaking expensive!
lenthree ratingthree ay yay yay!!
lenseven ratingthree love the 'event's tho... super fun!
lentwentyone ratingfive it gets harder and harder to level up to purchase enough tanks for all breeds of fish and the event fish.
lensixteen ratingfour this is a fun way to pass the time but the developers are way too greedy.
lensixteen ratingfour everything in the game has a price and a lot of those prices are extremely high.
lentwentyseven ratingfour while there are various ways to get the currency of the game for free, the amount is generally a pittance when one considers most of the prices.
lentwentyfour ratingfour if you want more, it costs real money and for what i would receive for that money, the price is just way too high.
lenfive ratingfour you also have to"visit"
leneleven ratingfour regularly since time passes in the simulation even when you connected
lenthirty ratingthree what happened to that feature of play; when the fish didn't go after the food until the fish saw the food... that made it fun... please, bring that back...
lenfour ratingfour took everything away twice.
lensix ratingfour was at level 30 the last time.
lenthree ratingfour i'm uninstalling.
lenfive ratingfive thank you for fixing it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!!
lenfortyseven ratingone had this game 2 months now, don't install the latest version, within 10 seconds of installing the update i developed a headache from it flashing like a strobe light, and no way to remove it, short of uninstalling the game and loosing all the progress i've made
lenfifteen ratingfour since the last update my live wallpaper doesn't show any of my tank decorations.
lenone ratingfour htc
lensix ratingfive i love those fish swimming around.
lentwentytwo ratingthree i got a new phone so i saved tap fish on my sd card to transfer it but it did not work.
lenten ratingthree i even wasted money by buying fish bucks numerous times!
lentwo ratingthree very disappointed.
lensix ratingthree but it did save my rating!
lentwo ratingthree thats weird.
leneight ratingthree it saved my rating but not my game.
lentwelve ratingthree if anyone knows how to get my game back please tell me.
lenfive ratingone i was enjoying my tanks .
leneight ratingone i don know why i have to upgrade .
leneight ratingone i can't take care of my fish.
lennine ratingone taking too long.....what morons.....i am really upset....
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenfortynine ratingfour would rate it a 5 star but for some odd reason i can't breed any of my mystery fish so it's like if i bought them for nothing!:( please fix!:( also lower the fish prizes a bit please and it will definitely be a 5 star game for me!!!:)
lenseven ratingfive wish the fish were cheaper to buy
lenfour ratingfive great app love it
lensixteen ratingone i used to love this game, but now they have forced update after update on me.
lenseven ratingone it is now bloated with "new features"
leneleven ratingone that i don't want and it crashes everytime i play.
lenthree ratingone very poorly done.
lenfive ratingfive the whole family loves tapfish.
lenthree ratingfive non stop fun.
lensixteen ratingfive so exciting to see new fish we can buy when we earn our coins and fishbucks.
lensix ratingfive cant waitto try the other levels.
lenthirty ratingfive for those having problems breeding the limited breedable fish.dont forget they have selected partners to breed with.you cant mix and match all of them like the regular breedables
lenseven ratingfive excellent game for myself and my children
lennine ratingfour love this game but it lags on my phone
lenfour ratingfive a most excellent game!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive i just wish all the compiled data would store on the sd card along with the app.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lenthree ratingfive no thinking involved.
lenfour ratingfive love it wonderful game.
lentwentynine ratingthree i have 3 limited breedable fish but when i put one in the breeding tank it says "you don't have limited breedable fish, buy some now", please fix this
leneighteen ratingfour i love this game but think that some of the items and fish are to much to obtain
lenfiftyone ratingfour i had hundreds of dollers worth of fish backgrounds plants decorations all in 58 tanks lost it all when i had to change phones because my phone went bad not happy i cant get that back i dont want to start over love the game i just dont want to start over
lenfifteen ratingfour no matter how amazing this app is, it does require real money to accomplish anything.
lentwelve ratingfour fishbucks should be reasonable to obtain through something like tasks or quests.
lenfive ratingfive love love love this game
lensix ratingthree there is a lot of updates
lenthree ratingfour it is addicting.
lentwentythree ratingfour much better for those people who like to get pets but the idea of taking care of them just doesn't excite them.
leneight ratingfour love it guys, keep up the good work.
lenten ratingfive me and my hubby play this all day love it
lentwenty ratingfive i wasn't able to save and move my tanks i've been tending to for months.love the game.
lenfive ratingfive will have to start overnight
lensix ratingfive i haven't played it yet..
lenseven ratingfive i hope that it just gets better.. :)
lenthirteen ratingfive fun, addicting game with the mere simplicity of fish in a fish tank..
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive my kids enjoy it.
lenten ratingfive just wish there was an easier way to get coins
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lensix ratingfive its awsum for the time pass.. ;)
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy this game.
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game and.the events that happen now and then but please dont make everything fish buks
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!!!!!!!
leneleven ratingfive i just wish that fish dont take so long to breed.
lenthree ratingfive it takes 4 ever!!!!!!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i just wish we could log in to it so we can save our tanks & everything else when we get new phones!
lentwelve ratingfive going to lose everything in a couple days b/c of that. :(
lensix ratingfive i love this game soo fun!!
lennine ratingthree pretty good., wish fish didn't die so fast
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun
lensix ratingfive oh how i love this game!
lenfourteen ratingfive at 43 and a mom of 5 ranging from 25-10 i've seen a lot of games.
lentwentyone ratingfive i was  never interested in playing any of them until a yr ago when my 13 yr old showed me this one.
lenfive ratingfive now i can't stop!
lenthirteen ratingfive it gives me time to take a break and do something i like.
lennine ratingfive thank you for creating a game everyone can enjoy.
lenten ratingfour granddaughters and i enjoy breeding, selling and buying different fish.
leneighteen ratingfour i like the ability to go a few days without playing without worrying something will get messed up.
lensix ratingthree also keeps updating too many times
lenfour ratingfive new update fixed issues.
lenfour ratingfive can clean tank now
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive but need better way to get free fish bucks.
lennine ratingtwo this is the best game i've  downloaded yet!!!
lentwentyeight ratingtwo i llove this and would have recommended to anyone b4 my original game all my fish bucks and over 10 thousand coins was lost and i had to start over!!! :-(
lenthree ratingfive fun  a+ game.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive tapfish is the best....! :)  add me thefishboss01
lenfive ratingone this game is really boring!
lenthree ratingfive great fish challenging
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenten ratingfive it's a good and fun game good for kids
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it!
lenten ratingfive really enjoy the game, have a lot of fun playing.
lenten ratingfive love the game!plag it every day!:)) love it?! :-p
lenthree ratingfive very great game
lenfourteen ratingfive this game is awsomely fun i can't explain how or why great game!!
lenfour ratingfive its an awesome app!
lenfive ratingfive really enjoy playing tap fish
lenseven ratingfive great game way better than fish tycoon
lenten ratingfour i just wish there were easier ways to gain flashbacks.
lentwentyone ratingfour i'm doing trophies because i can't always afford to by them but they take quite a bit of time.
lenten ratingfive i haven't experienced any bugs with this game yet
lentwentythree ratingfive really fun game...i play together with my 9 year old and we have so much fun showing each other what we have done...5 *****
lensix ratingthree very enjoyable but it closes often .
leneleven ratingfive good game to kill time with an can breed weird fish
lensix ratingfive good game like having real fish
lensix ratingfive love to play great stress reliever.
lennine ratingfour this is an awesome way to waste some time.
lenthree ratingfour addicting for sure
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is fun & does well to keep you busy & pass the time.
lenseventeen ratingfour there have been several improvements since i started the game a few months ago, which are great!
lennine ratingfour game does seem to have glitches & freeze during events.
leneleven ratingfour please add alerts for daily bonus like you do for news.
lenthree ratingfour otherwise awesome game!
lennine ratingfive love the game fun and addicting add me lacrecia
leneight ratingfour i love tapfish but the bubble is anoying.
lenseven ratingfour not a bad way to pass time
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i use to have a problem with this app with my old phone but since i got a new phone and the app has been updated i haven't had a problem
lensixteen ratingfive only downside is a lot of fish can't be used without buying in game credits.
lenfour ratingfive still worth it though!
lenfour ratingfour good waste of time
lensix ratingfive just keep swimming just keep swimming
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennineteen ratingfive if it dont stop working on  me when i just invested money and a lot of time in it.
lentwo ratingfive love it
lentwelve ratingfive the fish are so cool and they have rare fish like elles
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingone free reviving!
lentwo ratingone free reviving!
lensixtyeight ratingone i'm out of fish bucks and i'm not allowed to buy any and my fish in my second tank are dead and i can't revive them fix this or i'm uninstalling and i've downloaded fasion story no free fish buck thas just messed up i wish you could earn more fish bucks easily and to revive fish it be 100 coins best game ever
lenfour ratingfive totaly love this game
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lentwentynine ratingtwo this new challange with the frogs is ok but whenever i go to buy the eggs that cost 50 coins it glitches and selects the eggs that cost 10 fish bucks.
lentwentyone ratingtwo i've had this happen to me twice so far and lost 20 fish bucks that took a long time to earn.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo and it tried to do it to me again today but since i only have 8 left it didn't screw me out of those.
lennine ratingtwo fix the glitch and give me back my bucks!
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and fun game.
lenseven ratingfive allmost like they become your real pets
lenfifteen ratingfour i love this app it makes me feel like i have my own fish bowl
lenfifteen ratingfive okay here's another idea do like the frog event but this time do alligators.
lenten ratingfive oh and by the way i love the frog event
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive great lav it app
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingthree my kids enjoy it too..
lenseven ratingfive lots of fun with frogs and fish
lenfour ratingfive great to pass time
lentwo ratingfive ashley dawn
lentwentyseven ratingthree i tried to buy the random frog eggs for the event but it said that i didn't have enough fish bucks when the eggs cost 50 cents.
lenseven ratingthree it is really starting to irritate me.
lenfour ratingfive love it frogs keep
lentwo ratingfive excellent game!!!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfive good game great game game addicting
lenfortytwo ratingthree i love this game but i have had to upgrade to a newer version 2 times now and have had to start all over again both times and i was close to level ten this last time and at level 13 the first time.
lenfourteen ratingthree what good is saving if you lose what you had each time you upgrade!!!!
lenfourteen ratingthree and you cant play the game you have until you upgrade to newer versions!!!!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenforty ratingtwo totally loved this app until i did the suggested update which deleted all of my fish, stuff, coins, bucks, aquariums...took me back to square one...i am deleting this app...that was soo crappy that it deletes your stuff!!!!!
lentwo ratingthree kool fish :)
lenthree ratingfive it's alright.
lenten ratingfive i just wish the fish were hella lot cheaper though....
leneightyone ratingthree love this game but every once and a wile it would force close and 2 days ago it wouldn't let me play unless i updated it now it won't open very upset had a lot of cool fish and now sense it won't open i no there all dead i'm gonna give it another day or 2 to fix if not i'm gonna uninstall cus there is no point in having a game if it doesn't work
lenfour ratingfive more free fish bucks!
lensix ratingfive its great and addicting , love it !
leneleven ratingthree fish bucks take way too long unless you use real money
leneight ratingfive i sugest u get this app its great.
lentwo ratingfour very entertaining.
lennineteen ratingfour i don't like that the fish bucks are hard to earn if your not interested in buying them.
lenfive ratingfour all around,very awesome "hobby".
lensix ratingfour a lot easier than real fish...
lenfive ratingfive latest update today went okay.
lenseven ratingfive thank you for an awesome fish game.
lenthree ratingfive totally relaxes me.
lensix ratingfive love this game, its so addictive.
lenfourteen ratingfive the only thing is that breeding takes ages and only one at a time.
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lenseven ratingfive love it aq aquarium on the go
lenseventeen ratingfour when i try to breed my limited breedables i get  a message that i dont have any!
lenone ratingfour help!!!
lentwo ratingthree tap fish
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseven ratingfive keeps my boring moments not so boring!
lentwo ratingfive love it
lenfive ratingtwo reviewing for free fish bucks.
lenfifteen ratingtwo interesting so far but seems like you get no where without real money being spent
lenten ratingfive i haven't experienced any bugs with this game yet
leneight ratingfive a good basic game.... bubblegum for the brain!
lenfour ratingfive fun to collect fish!
lennine ratingfive this game is wonderful reply if you love it.
lennineteen ratingfour if you like fish you'll love it... if you don't... well guess you wouldn't be here(:
lennine ratingone freezes, doesn't open when there is an event.
lennine ratingone took 20 of my fish bucks when it "force close".
lenseventeen ratingfour highly addictive,  the game does need easier ways to earn fish bucks to progress in the events.
lenthirtytwo ratingfour love this game but i dont have the money to buy fish bucks so i downloaded the games and on more than half of em i didnt get all the fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfour please send em
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfive my kids enjoy it.
lenten ratingfive just wish there was an easier way to get coins
lenfive ratingfive love it so much fun
lentwentyseven ratingone hello i have a galaxy note 2 and i think the fishes are extremely little cannot even see them like on fish live and my phone is big.
lentwentyfive ratingone i say improve the graphics and the size of the fish i cannot barely tell how they are its not a good experience at all.
lenfive ratingone make better graphics and sizes.
lenseven ratingfour please make a coin to buck converter
lenten ratingthree i like the game... but it's way too slow
lentwelve ratingone i can't play without updating, but the game won't update.
lennineteen ratingone i've been trying for four days, this is sad... my fish are dead thanks to a stupid glitch.
leneleven ratingone this used to be my favorite game ...now i am uninstalling.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lentwentyfour ratingone bought fish buck and never got them 20.00 worth now have to call bank to fight it stop deleteing my post and refund my money!!!!
lenten ratingtwo it is hard to play this one after tap fish 2.
lenfive ratingtwo i miss my  tap fish 2.
lenfour ratingfive its an excellent game.
leneight ratingfive i love this game and its very addictive.
lennine ratingfive takes time and patience, but it's very entertaining.
lenfour ratingfive definitely a "must download"
lenthree ratingfive in my opinion!
lensixteen ratingfive so much gameplay, and you can do everything free, but if you want to buy "bucks"
lentwo ratingfive or "coins"
lenthirteen ratingfive the prices are cheap and get you alot of currency for so little!
lenfive ratingfive 10 out of 10 rating for tapfish!!!
lenthree ratingfive i <3 my fishies!!!
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenfifteen ratingfive originally got it for my 2 year but i am so addicted we fight over it!
lenfive ratingfive (he deleted 2 tanks, not cool).
lenthirteen ratingfive now he plays on daddy's ipad and i play on my note.
lenfourteen ratingfour super addicting, i just wish there was an easier way to get "fish bucks"
lenseven ratingfour than buying them or completing stupid offers
lenthree ratingfour love this game..
leneleven ratingfour wouuld  give it 5 stars if it wasnnt slow & didnnt freeze up.
lentwelve ratingfive really appreciate all the upgrades, variety of fish and additional 3d/animated effects.
lentwenty ratingfive this app is very fun to play, i'd especially recommend it to those who love fish and marine life!!
lenten ratingfive enjoy this game if i can keep my fish alive...
lensix ratingthree need to earn more fish bucks
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfour slow paced but easy game to play.
lenthirtyfour ratingthree rips u off every chance they get   dont give u fish bucks on free offers and then shorts u if u do get some if any .they dont do what they say they will.
lentwo ratingfive verry ffun
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!!!!!
lenthree ratingfive good time waster
lenthirtythree ratingfive its so addicting i love this game and i agree its fun i've had it on my other phone and ipod i just wish i could of stayed with my previous level.
lentwelve ratingfive but none the less its still fun to get up in level.
lenten ratingthree good game  i love playing it a couple bugs tho
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game.now.i have .my son all into it
lenfour ratingfive so so so addicting!!!!
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!!
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game
lentwelve ratingfive won't let me claim reward for collection 7 on new frog event.
leneighteen ratingthree i would give a 5 star, but not until tapfish makes it easier to buy products from the store.
lenthirteen ratingthree also that bubble needs to go, it interferes and gets in the way..
lensix ratingthree more trouble than it's worth.
lenten ratingfive nice game my gran son can play this with me
lensix ratingfive i think this game is awesome
lenfiftyfour ratingone :-( after the latest android update...my 70 tanks are gone. i begged for help many, many times & waited for days. finally, tapfish responded = my game, all my fish, 70 tanks, 250million+ coins, 175 earned fishbucks...all gone. i played for over a year. per tapfish "somehow my tapfish went corrupt & start the game over". that's it. goodbye.
lenfour ratingfive this game is fantastic
lentwo ratingfour radda radda
lenthree ratingfive brilliant, so adicting
lenfive ratingfive i love my fish tanks
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive teaches my child responsibility.
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a grate game and i will play it every day from now on.
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addictive.
leneight ratingfive you shouldn't run into more than 3 glitches. :)
lenfive ratingfive loads of fun very addictive
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive tap ranch
lentwelve ratingone super dammped sucks put fish best pal on fish live please dun.
lensix ratingone download this crap install fish live
lensix ratingfive like the use of real fish
lenfour ratingfive a very addictive game! :-)
lenthree ratingfive love this game..
lenseven ratingone tried to update but got an error 403.
lenseven ratingone will not let me update or play.
lenfour ratingone my fish are dying.
lenthree ratingone last update sucks!!
lentwentyfive ratingfour cctv gb kb h txt gb in uvc f gb in uv hertz screech gb durex etc ft dadc sfc tux yeahhhh
lentwentyfive ratingfive great way to kill time and create custom live wallpaper, wish it was easier to get fish bucks tho, without spending money i can't a4d
lenfive ratingfive my son loves to play.
lenthree ratingone best game ever.
lensixteen ratingone but need to be able to get mote fish bucks and the levels should be shorter
lensix ratingfive i like to play tap fish
lenseven ratingfive it is the funest game on earth!!
lenten ratingfour great but they just dont give beginers enough to do
lenten ratingfive i love this game and so does my little girl.
lensix ratingfive totally in love with this game! <3
lenfive ratingfive a pretty game...and fun.
lensixteen ratingfive i luv this game and i think everyone should install it because it is really fun!!!!!!!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive this is a great game i like it.
leneight ratingfour it force quites on me all the time
lentwelve ratingfive i like how realistic the fish look, otherwise the game is boring.
lentwo ratingfive brilliant game
lentwo ratingfive sooo entertaining!!!!
leneleven ratingfive my daughter loves it as we have a real fish tank
lenfive ratingone bubble frogs event is worthless.
lenthree ratingone chasing bubbles...really?
lensix ratingfive like the use of real fish
lentwenty ratingfive i love the game... wish the fish would grow faster... and i wish it was easier to get fish bucks..
lensix ratingfive but its still fun and addictive
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!!
lenten ratingfive i can make my own aquarium and name my fish!
lenfive ratingfive i love love love it!
leneight ratingfive fun  fun game tapfish is a great game
lenthree ratingfive good time waster
lenthree ratingfive great relaxing game.
lenthree ratingfive awsome very awsome!!!!!
lenseven ratingfive excellent game to learn how to care
lenthree ratingfive nice to play.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive interesting no doubt .
lenfour ratingfive takes time and patiences
lenthree ratingfour love the game.
lenthree ratingfour usually very soothing.
lenfive ratingfour love the variety of fish.
lenten ratingfour it does force close a lot especially after an update.
lensixteen ratingfour hard to get much of anywhere without spending $$$, more so than most games i've played.
lenten ratingfour i try to limit myself to about $10 every couple months...
lenten ratingfive fun game just gets boring waiting for fish to grow
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneleven ratingfive tap fish keeps me entertained and always coming back for more
lentwo ratingfive love it.
lentwo ratingfive verry cool.
lenseven ratingfive this game kicks its worth the time
lenseventeen ratingfive its really fun love it but it would be nice to get free bucks on this game
lentwo ratingfive greqt app.
lensix ratingfive enjoyed by myself and my kids.
lensix ratingfive beautiful to watch and great events!
lentwenty ratingone when you jump through hoops to earn free fish bucks you never receive them so it is a dishonest app.
lenthirteen ratingone they should honor what they will tell you they are going to do.
lenfour ratingone shame on you guys.
lenfour ratingfive fun game, cool fish.
lensix ratingfive i like the buying and selling..
lenthree ratingfive my new fav.
lenfive ratingfive game  play all the time
lenfive ratingfive excellent game two thumbs up
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool
lenseventeen ratingfive i love it it soothes me when nothing else in the world seemd to be going right
lenten ratingfour would love to earn more fish bucks without buying them.
lenfour ratingfour other than that great
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
lenfive ratingfive best game on the we
lensixteen ratingfive love this app but it won't let me claim my 7 collection in the frog task.
lensix ratingfive keeps me busy all the time!
lentwo ratingfive so addicting!!
lenthree ratingfour addictive lol xx
lentwo ratingfive tap fish.
lennine ratingfive grate game crashes alot but my 3year old loves it
lenfive ratingfour looks great on a tablet!
lenseventeen ratingfive when i try to breed my limited breedables i get  a message that i dont have any!
lenone ratingfive help!!!
leneleven ratingfive it a great app for keepling your self busy and active
lennine ratingfive love the game, you would get obsessed with it
lenthree ratingfive .gd wee game
lenfour ratingfive tappy, tappy, little fishy!
lentwelve ratingfive love the game, even if the breeding tank does take forever!lol
lensix ratingfour tap fish is "the best application"
lentwo ratingfour to download!
lensixteen ratingfour i play this with my children but i play even more alone when they are sleeping!
lenthirteen ratingfour it never gets boring & the quests are a blast & the fish are beautiful!
lenfifteen ratingfour you will not regret installing this app because once you do you will get addicted!
lenfourteen ratingfour @kimberlymcintoshgross this game is a blast for kids of all ages & their parents too!
lenten ratingfour breed fish.feed and show them love & many more options.
lenfive ratingfour earn free coins & bucks too!
lenthree ratingthree this games alright.
leneighteen ratingthree the fact that some fish have to be bought with fishbucks but are sold for coins is ridiculous.
lenthree ratingthree its fun though
lenthirteen ratingfive really good game even without having to spend real money on fish bucks.
lenfive ratingfive love the game totally addicting
lennineteen ratingfive love this game its fun eazy and entertaining the fish are graet the events r fun the issues resolved
lenthirtyone ratingfive it's  an almost real fish aquarium that you will definitely fall in love with best pet ever--fish to feed, watch, and breed while designing the entire dreamy aquarium theme
lentwo ratingfive llooooovvvvvvvveeeeee it.
lentwo ratingfive totaly addicting.
lenfive ratingfive just sucks about fish bucks.
lenseven ratingfive but they have to make money somehow
lenten ratingfive i love this game its great for passing the time
leneight ratingfour nice graphics, pretty colors, i like the game.
lenthree ratingfive very relaxing game
lenthree ratingfive love the colors
lenthirteen ratingfive enjoy the pleasure of fish w/out the worry of an actual tank
lenfive ratingfive fish feel like family pets!
lenone ratingfive great!
lenone ratingfive cool!
lentwo ratingfive tap  fish
lenfive ratingfive im addicted to this game
lensix ratingthree very slow and skips a lot.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
leneighteen ratingtwo last time it force closed the item i used bucks for was gone and so was my bucks!
lentwo ratingtwo not impressed
lenten ratingfour this game keeps small children as well as adults occupied.
leneleven ratingfour you can do quite a bit even without spending real money.
lensixteen ratingfour there is variety in collecting fish, breeding fish and doing mini games from time to time.
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfour ratingfive this a great game.
lenseven ratingfive i been playing this game for 3 years.
lenfive ratingfive i have got to level 80.
lenseven ratingfive but it not going on to level 81.
leneight ratingfive i like to get more fish and plants.
lennine ratingone after the latest android update...my 70 tanks are gone.
lenten ratingone i begged for help many, many times & waited for days.
lenfourteen ratingone finally, tapfish responded = my game, all my fish, 70 tanks, 250million+ coins, 175 earned fishbucks...all gone.
lensix ratingone i played for over a year.
lenone ratingone goodbye.
lentwenty ratingone you spend money on the game when you don't get your dollars to play with on your fish tanks.
lenfiftyone ratingone now there's a frog game and i can't stay awake through the night every 2 and a half hours or so to pop frogs and if you don't pop them fast enough they don't grow up they want you to get by the frog eggs at its ridiculous.
lenthree ratingthree i like itttttt
lentwentysix ratingthree i like the game save ur bucks their hard to come by seem like they want u 2 use cash to advance other than that good game
lennine ratingfour forces close too much and tends to run slow
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenthirtyone ratingthree the graphics aren't very good, you pretty much have to continually spend real money if you want to progress in the game, and at times it seems a little glitchy.
lenten ratingfive no stalling or bugs it's really fun to play
lentwo ratingthree okay ... slow
lenfour ratingfive great but... more frogs!
lenone ratingfive =) lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lentwenty ratingthree this company is all about sucking you in, then making you pay.money to play any new challenges or game.
leneight ratingthree there is nothing free about gameview's games.
leneight ratingfive its a great game i really enjoy it
lenfour ratingfive game is very addictive.
lentwo ratingfive love it.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i'm addicted
leneight ratingfive this is by far my new favorite game
lenten ratingfour the game has good creativity, by the way,unique fishes
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is sure to keep u busy for awhile when ur bored.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the only thing is that i just got a brand new phone and cant transfer accounts to my new phone so i had to start from scratch.
lentwentysix ratingfive i lost all my thanks giving event fish, my christmas event fish and prizes and my newyears event fish and prizes plus all my other tanks.
lenseven ratingfive but other than that great game guys.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lennine ratingfive i can spend hours playing and not even realise.
lenseven ratingfive i would recommend this game for anyone.
leneleven ratingfive tap fish is cool it keeps mr busy when im bored
lenone ratingone greedy!
lenthirtysix ratingthree totally disappointed in this latest event.....it has not allowed me to buy frog eggs in three days saying they are sold out so how can i complete the collections....game gets worse with each update
lensixteen ratingfive hi im 13 its amazing and me and my lil cousin who is 5 love this game xx
lenseven ratingfour i am totally addicted to this game.
lenten ratingfour too bad it costs so much to buy breadable fish
lentwenty ratingthree so many opptions for fish and decorations and i love the events and trophies, but the game force closes alot!
lenfortythree ratingthree it happens almost everytime i use the store.i've lost coins and bonuses multiple times.please fix the force close issues and i will definatly rate 5 stars.i think this game would be as close to perfect as you can get then.
leneleven ratingfour a nice game to waste away time but a lil slow.
lentwo ratingfive fun app
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthree ratingfive nice and relaxing
lenthree ratingfive great mindless fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenthree ratingfive love tap fish
lenthirteen ratingone took my fish bucks when i switched phones so bye bye crap fish.
lenfive ratingfive love it best game ever
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour its a nice game.
lenseven ratingfive tap fish is the best game ever
lenfour ratingone this a great game.
lenseven ratingone i been playing this game for 3 years.
lenfive ratingone i have got to level 80.
lenseven ratingone but it not going on to level 81.
leneight ratingone i like to get more fish and plants.
leneight ratingone i am at a stop in the game.
lenseventeen ratingfour fun and addicting, but bucks are a sort of obstacle to get a wide variety if fish
lennine ratingfive i love tapfish and i would really recommend it
lentwentytwo ratingfour it is fun but would be better if the fish grew faster or new fish that took a few mins to grow
lenfour ratingfive excellent  good  cool  game !
leneleven ratingfive i love this game i love helping  my nabors and friends.
lennine ratingfive i love tap fish and i love my fish. :-)
lenfourteen ratingfive it keeps freezing annnnnd there deff needs to be more options to earn fishbucks!!!
lensix ratingfive other than that i love it!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingone miss a day or two and you hve to pay them money or start over?
lenseven ratingone how is this cool in any way?
leneighteen ratingfour it is way too tedious to earn fish bucks and coins but overall it is an enjoyable game.
leneleven ratingfive so fun and is like really taking care of a fish!!!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfifteen ratingthree this app is really good to see what type of breeds of fish their are.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenten ratingone using the new version and it still loses your money.
lentwo ratingone this app.
lentwentyseven ratingone stole  75 bucks beware of this app it *locks up all the time  now and is very glitchy (game), that will stell your hard earned money from you.
lennineteen ratingone go ahead have fun trying to make some money to buy stuff that you must have to move forward.
lennine ratingone and have a fish burp good bye fish bucks.
leneleven ratingone and fish headquarters don't care and won't help you.                                               :(  :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
lenten ratingfive love this game and so does my 4 yr old granddaughter!
lenthirteen ratingthree great game, but wondering when you'll be releasing tap fish 2 to android??
lentwo ratingthree thanks, wayne
lenthirteen ratingfive i just can't get enough of this game i love my fish!!!
lenthree ratingfive like this game! :)
lenseven ratingfour enjoyable little game my 3 yr old likes.
lenthree ratingfour keeps him entertained
lentwo ratingfive soo addicting!!!
lensixteen ratingfour it really fun, but you need fish bucks for almost anything and there're really expensive
leneleven ratingthree ok but u have to spend money also sometimes freezes up
lenfour ratingfive great game end of
lenfourteen ratingfour paying extra to open a game fully is ok. the constant need for fishbucks?
lenone ratingfour bleh.
lenfifteen ratingfour if you are willing to earn or buy them it is an awesome game though.
lennine ratingfive love this game and so does my cat lol
lensix ratingfour very good game i like it
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
leneight ratingfive i can't add fish to any tank!
lenseven ratingfive and i can't access any help.
lensix ratingfive very nice n cute ... enjoying it ...
lentwo ratingfive detailed fish
lenthree ratingthree this games alright.
leneighteen ratingthree the fact that some fish have to be bought with fishbucks but are sold for coins is ridiculous.
lenthree ratingthree its fun though
lenonehundredthree ratingone tap fish used to be a good fun game and i have played for a very long time but now everything cost fish bucks and i refuse to spend real money on a free game or game period and now the events have just stopped...used to be events all the time and kept it fun..its no fun anymore and when there is stuff to do it involves fish bucks and you can't even play or enjoy it....all new mystery and reg breedables cost bucks.....thinking of uninstalling after all this time unless it changes and they rnt so greedy!
lenfour ratingfive this game is spectacular!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive i really love it.
lenthree ratingfive its so addicting
lensix ratingfour wish i could breed more though!!!
lenthree ratingfive love this game <3
lentwentythree ratingone i email them to reset my game but they never answered.....trading coins for fish bucks would be great, please add that option!
leneighteen ratingone maybe also set it up with an email to log in so then u wouldn't lose everything.
lentwenty ratingone .....u would b able to log in and pick up right where u left off....this option would be great!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive my kids and i love playing  tapfish.
lenfour ratingthree i like this app.
leneight ratingthree but i find the tasks assigned slightly boring.
lentwentyfour ratingthree most of the fishes require quite a lot of coins to buy them and also not less needs fishbucks in order to purchase them.
lenseventeen ratingthree whereas the fishes that are within our means can only be sold for just a petty amount.
lenfourteen ratingthree we have to purchase more coin/fishbucks with real money rather than earning them.
lenthree ratingthree it's unfair.
lennineteen ratingthree it would be best to assign missions to accomplish where we can earn fishbucks/coins after completing a mission.
lensix ratingthree then only tapfish will be fun!!!
lenseven ratingfive keeps me busy when i'm bored!
lentwentyfour ratingfive only thing is i wish you had to confirm a purchase with fish bucks because i've accidentally bought things i didn't want ):
lennine ratingfour i should have +20 fish bucks, but instead i have -78.
lentwo ratingfour what happened?
lenfive ratingfive love this game butefule fish
lenfive ratingfour its really fun and addictive
lenthirteen ratingthree other games are better, like fish libe, which is also free and amazing.
lenfifteen ratingthree however, great graphics, runs smoothly, no lagging, no glitches and alwaya lets me open it.
lenseventeen ratingthree i know others love it so i just guess it was not the right game for me.
leneight ratingthree samsung galaxy tab s2, with wi fi and 8 gigabites.
lentwo ratingfour time killer
lenthirty ratingfive i really like the game but am disappointed that most of the objects you need or want to buy must be bought with fish bucks other than that great game
lenthree ratingfive passes the time.
lenthree ratingthree stores stuff needlessly.
lenfourteen ratingthree have to clear data and restore game periodically in order to free up memory.
lentwelve ratingfive luv it now i reinstalled the game again after reading good ratings.
lenfive ratingfive game too good for bs
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfour love the events.
leneleven ratingfive it's a beautifully made game that makes passing time fun.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended.
lenfive ratingone i hate it its dum
lenthirtyeight ratingfive this game is the bomb..... on ly thing is that wen i gt a new phone and install it again i have to start all over.... besides that i love it been playing this game for a year
lenseventeen ratingfive i have no problems with the game and enjoy collecting the different fish and decorating my tanks.
lenfive ratingfive very fun and addicting game.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i play everyday ?
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lentwo ratingfive excellent application.
lensix ratingfive recommend to any fish tank lover.
lentwentyfive ratingfive please post to others how to transfer their games to new phones, it sucks that people have lost their money and had to start over.
lenten ratingfive iv transfered my game with no problems and  i it.
leneight ratingtwo lumayan bagus,menarik,tp agak memusingkan cara mainnya...
lenfive ratingfive this app is great fun.
lentwo ratingthree nice game :))
lensix ratingthree pay cash for the good stuff
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenseven ratingfive i like the graphics and mini games.
lenseventeen ratingthree i'm so annoyed after cleaning my tank, it still gets back to a messy tank,, pls.
lennine ratingthree fix it asap!,, i luv this game so pls.
lenfour ratingthree fix this problem,, tnx!
lentwenty ratingfive better than a real fish tank cuz if they all die its nothing that a lil money can't fix
lensixteen ratingfive the fish bucks are hard to come by, there should be a coin to bucks exchanger!!!
lenfive ratingthree share tap fish wit me
lentwo ratingfive like it!
lennine ratingfive love to have my own fish on my phone!!! :-)
lennine ratingfive lol i love it , 5 stars is what i say
lenfive ratingfour looks great on a tablet!
lensix ratingfive great game really enjoy playing everyday.
lenfive ratingfive it does crash alot though.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!
lentwentyfive ratingfive i completed the pipefish quest then the others never showed up and i lost the turtle quest icon i uninstalled and restored and still nothing
lenthree ratingfive sweet very entertaining
lenthirtyseven ratingfive my grandkids love this game so do i it keps their attention good if we rin the car or out and about..they love buying,feeding,taking care of them..but when i had to switch phones.
lenten ratingfive i tried to restart from last game it wouldn't! !!!!
lenfortysix ratingfive and i had just purchased fish bucks 40.00 dollars worth...i emailed the adress given but it was no longer valid... been force closing alot..these 2 issues happened before..but cant continue to lose money i use to buy new fish..decorations. .and maintain my tank but.
lentwo ratingfive now dont
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i dont know why but i cant stop playing this game...love it
lenthree ratingfive very relaxing game.
lennine ratingfive there should be an easier way to earn fishbucks.
lenseven ratingfive kind of hard to earn coins, too.
lenten ratingfive but: cool game, tons of fish (most are very expensive!)
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
leneleven ratingone the first time they popped up for things it was fine.
leneight ratingone now they are annoying and block the screen.
lenfourteen ratingone i have had this game for a long time have almost 2 trillion coins & 60 bucks.
lenseven ratingone new upgrade sucks i am now uninstalling.
lentwo ratingone see ya!!!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive i have pets without the mess lol
lenfive ratingfive it's an owsome app
lenseven ratingfour ...but solve the bubble fish issue already.
lentwo ratingfour thank you
leneight ratingtwo great game just sucks when no wi-fi
lennineteen ratingthree still force closing and tell me how to get rid of the remaining bubble fish from the bubble event.
lenfour ratingthree super annoying and inconvenient.
leneight ratingone new version not any better...  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   this app.
lentwentyseven ratingone stole  75 bucks beware of this app it *locks up all the time  now and is very glitchy (game), that will stell your hard earned money from you.
lennineteen ratingone go ahead have fun trying to make some money to buy stuff that you must have to move forward.
lennine ratingone and have a fish burp good bye fish bucks.
lenfourteen ratingone and fish headquarters don't care and won't help you.                                               :(  :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(  ?ratingfive super fun
lenfour ratingfour awsome app very addicting
lenfifteen ratingfour i had to reinstall this game so i lost everything but i still love it.
lenseven ratingfour i enjoy taking care of my fish.
lentwo ratingfour marta lopez
leneight ratingfour when i play its cool    bxcmgdgmsmsm i reset
lenseven ratingfive i like the different kinds of fish
lennine ratingfive i love this game and it is super fun!!!!!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenthree ratingfive love these fishes!!!
lenthree ratingfive very colorful & beautiful
lenseven ratingone i wish i could give negitive stars.
lenthirteen ratingone i really enjoyed this game and tap fish requires a lot of time.
leneleven ratingone after several times of it saying "error occured while parsing data"
lenten ratingone and having to unistall then re-install im fed up.
lenseven ratingone i won't be re-installing this.
lenten ratingone i am pretty upset my time has been completely wasted.
lenthree ratingone thanks for nothing!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfive awesome fells like i have my own aquairim
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lenthree ratingone data parsing error.
lensix ratingone do not spend money on this.
lenten ratingone you will lose everything and gameview studios will not help!!!!
lensix ratingfive this is some sik game fam
lenfour ratingfive very addicting fun game:)
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenten ratingthree fun play... quits at collectible and mystery categories 99% of time.
lenone ratingthree frustrating!
lentwenty ratingthree any time i try to do anything other than feed and love my fish it force closes every dingle time!
lentwo ratingthree incredibly annoying!!!
lenten ratingfive much cheaper and less messy than a real fish tank.
lentwo ratingfive awsome cool
lenten ratingthree can't get enough fish bucks in normal game play.
lenthirteen ratingthree you have to download stuff you don't want or pay for more.
lenseven ratingthree i don't want to do either.
lenseven ratingthree would rather just pay for the game .
leneleven ratingthree soon get to the point where challenges rely on fish bucks.
lensix ratingthree so i'm deleting the game.
lentwentythree ratingfive i love this game i'm on it all the time the only thing i don't like is your new bubble idea
lenthree ratingfive really nice game
lenfifteen ratingthree love this game but when it keeps freezing there's not much point to playing
lensix ratingone i give up on this game.
leneleven ratingone got 15 million gold coins and can't do anything with it.
lenseven ratingone the greed of these developers is disgusting.
lennine ratingtwo force closes everytime i try to buy a fish.
lentwentysix ratingtwo half the time it still deducts the coins or fish bucks without giving me what i bought before force closing, thus screwing me out of it.
lentwo ratingfive getting addicted
lensixteen ratingfive i have 5 fish tanks at home and i guess i really like fish u can say.
lensixteen ratingfive but anyways u can do a bunch of stuff and even be your live wallpaper 5 star
lenfour ratingfive i like this application
lensix ratingfive my favorite aquarium game, for sure!
lentwentytwo ratingfive i just wish you didn't need fish bucks for so many quest items that are necessary to pass and earn xp.
lenone ratingfive fun!
leneight ratingfive after so many coins turn them into bucks!!!!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingfive this would be very good app if you could exchange coins for bucks.
lenfive ratingfive four and a half stars
lenfour ratingfive i like the game..
lentwelve ratingfive i don't like the fact it takes forever to level up....
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingthree wish there was a way to get fish bucks for selling certain items.
lenfifteen ratingthree most of mine are dead at the moment and only fish bucks can revive them.
lentwo ratingfive its fun.
lenthree ratingfive kills the time
lenten ratingthree i live this game.... but the frequent forecloses are annoying.
leneight ratingthree and to many fish require fishbucks... especially breedables.
lentwelve ratingthree need way to earn,  win bucks playing game instead of completing offers.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfifteen ratingthree so then i have to take the battery out to get it to work again.
lennineteen ratingthree it kept telling me 2 many items were running on my phone so it wouldn't work right had 2 uninstall
lenseven ratingfive this  app is awesome, i love it!!!!
lenten ratingfive it is great but breading takes a little to long.
lentwo ratingfive great game!!!
leneight ratingfour just wish the fish didnt cost so much
lenthree ratingfive ilove this game
lenfive ratingfive i think its realy cool
lenthree ratingone im so disappointed!
lentwentytwo ratingone used to b a great game thou force closes too many times can not even buy a tank of fish without closing
leneight ratingthree if only it could save data after deleted.
lennine ratingthree i was on levle 91, with 1268974 coins and 203 fish bucks.
leneleven ratingthree and on social my mum cant get on my new tank.
lentwentysix ratingfive just wish some of the buttons were easier to click like the home gets aggravating clicking forever till it finally reads it because is so small
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive it's just slow sometimes
lenten ratingfive its like having real fish and not having to pay
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwentyeight ratingthree i love the game, but i would be alot happier if we were able to retrieve our tanks after upgrading to new phones or changing cell phone carriers.
lennine ratingthree it sucks having to start over when this happens.
lennine ratingone its keeps force closing not a very good game :/
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lentwelve ratingfive haileebug......love it.....but it won't open on my phone anymore.
leneleven ratingthree my 6 year old enjoys game and loves learning about the fish.
lennine ratingthree and wants to make her aquarium match the game.
lentwentynine ratingtwo david, love the game, but it force closses when trying to buy fish just about every time and freezes up when trying to move threw fish eggs to breed.
lenfiftytwo ratingtwo and the fish bucks is to much on some fish,when not wanting to spend real money on a game that is  suposed to be free,you should be able to use you fish coins to trade in for fish bucks at a higher rate to buy fish with fish bucks.... david
lenfourteen ratingfive it a time game that will keep u trying to come with new fish
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lentwo ratingfive entertaining app.
lentwo ratingfive kills time.
lenfive ratingfive its a very fun game
leneighteen ratingfive the variety of fish and the weird types of fish u can breed into somethhing cool and unusual
lenfour ratingfive amazing graphics and detail!
lenfour ratingfive kudos to tech supp!
lenthree ratingfive my touch slide.
lenthirteen ratingfive never had forceclose issue one, now i have forceclose issues all the time.
lentwo ratingfive mytouch slide.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive some games i'm bored with, but not this one!
lennineteen ratingone i changed my rate cuz half the time it won't connect 2 server & i have 2 pay 2 revive the fish
leneight ratingtwo this isnt the best game ive ever played.
lenfourteen ratingtwo i hated it from the beginning because my fush died in the first day.
lenfour ratingtwo it sucks big time.
leneight ratingthree im angry........my game wont work no more.
lenfourteen ratingthree dead fish...worked hard to get bucks for breeding tanks...i miss my tanks.
lentwo ratingfive yeah fun
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome!!!
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfive so cool and fun
leneight ratingone i love this game, its so much fun
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthirteen ratingfive really cool game plus you can use it as live wallpaper...great game!!!!
lenone ratingfive thanks!!
lenseven ratingfive fun tobplay, alot slower since updaging tho
lentwenty ratingone this company is all about sucking you in, then making you pay.money to play any new challenges or game.
leneight ratingone there is nothing free about gameview's games.
lenthree ratingfive fun and addicting
lentwo ratingfour fun app
lenfour ratingone total waste of time.
lenten ratingone i wouldn't get this game if your into fun.
lenthree ratingone boring.....so boring
lentwo ratingfive very addictive.
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lentwentyfour ratingfour it's a really, really fun game, but it becomes about 5 mb larger with every tank of fish, and about .5 mb per every fish.
lennine ratingfive barbara in mobile al very therapeutic helps you relax
lentwo ratingfive fub fun
leneight ratingfour its a great game to pass the time.
lenfour ratingfive highly addictive and fun!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseventeen ratingfive i like this tap fish game, its like i hav my own pet fishes everywhere i go.
lenfour ratingfive the app is awesome!
leneleven ratingone use to really like the game not so much any more.
lenthirty ratingone one of my tanks disapeared and had my cute angel fish and some money makers and decorations are just gone thinking about deleting if they won't help me out
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is my fav and it is fun to make new breeds of fish
lensixteen ratingone i used to luv it, now when i tap any bubble fish, the whole thing freezes.
lentwo ratingone booo! :-( :-p
lentwo ratingfive poppinqq game !!!!
lenthree ratingone kept force closing
leneleven ratingfive fun game to pass the time and play wil my kids.
lenone ratingone rubish!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lenfourteen ratingone worst game ever it doesn't even work i rated it 1because i have to
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingfive only issue is the game makes it almost impossible to earn free bucks.
leneight ratingfive it should start players off with more money.
lenten ratingthree you must spend actual money to fully enjoy this game.
lensixteen ratingthree this game does have cool graphics and can be fun to compare tanks with other people.
lenten ratingthree but, again, no money and your game will be stunted.
lentwentythree ratingthree i also am not a fan of babysitting, as in making sure i feed them within certain time limits and cleaning the tanks.
lensix ratingfive hate it when my fish die!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game !
lenfour ratingfour this game is addictive.
lenseven ratingfour i spend a lot of time playing...
lensix ratingfive daughter loves to feed the fish!
lenfour ratingfive i like the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive just something to relax and play after a long day in the office.
lenfive ratingfour very fun game to play.
lentwo ratingfive hellz yeh
lenfour ratingfive great game would recommend
lenten ratingfour great for relaxing moments without taking up too much time! !!
lenseven ratingfive love this tapfish app its so addictive
lenfive ratingthree used to love this game.
lenthree ratingthree upgrades ruined it.
lenfifteen ratingthree takes forever, force closes, if it's better in any way i musta missed it.
lentwo ratingfive great play
lenfive ratingfive my 7 yr old loves this.
lenfive ratingfive easy to do and fun.
lenfive ratingfive has many levels and tanks.
lenten ratingfive good variety of fish, backgrounds and extras for the tank.
lenten ratingfive best thing is that i haven't paid a cent!
lenseven ratingthree at level 9 and over $30,000 and 15 fish bucks
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive the most realistic fish games.
lenthirteen ratingfive seems real with exciting new breeds coming daily and decor that's awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfive its simple but cool and cery adicting.
leneighteen ratingfour not much to do once the fish have been fed the tank is cleaned and everyone is happy.
lenseven ratingfive the best fish game there can be..
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this app!
lentwentytwo ratingfive my 4 year old and i play this all the time, for a couple years...even used it as potty training prizes lol
lenfourteen ratingthree app but as of late is seems as though the developers have become greedy.
leneleven ratingfive i luv this app n play it every day i can!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it!!
lentwo ratingfive pretty cool.. .
lenfive ratingfive i love breeding the fish
leneight ratingfive awesome fishy game can set as background too!!!
lenseventeen ratingfour it's fun but needs more ways of earning fishbucks.... not everyone can afford to buy them
lenseven ratingfive nice game  good for adults or kids
leneight ratingfour wish they weren't so complicated to get!
lenten ratingfive awsome i love it the fish r u sooooo exotic
lenfour ratingfive a lot of fun!
lenseventeen ratingfive there is a memory sign says low that pops up but doesn't stop you from playing.
lenten ratingfive the game does not stop running very often from connection.
lenthree ratingfive install to play!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenthree ratingfive nice little game
lentwo ratingthree okay game.
lenfive ratingthree has issues connecting to internet.
lennineteen ratingfour wish it didnt take soooo long to earn coins or to breed other than that i love this game.
lentwentysix ratingone had to uninstall because i moved to my sd card and back to my phone and out wouldn't open lost all my fish and tanks
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!!
lenthree ratingfive i play it 24/7.
leneight ratingfive im always excited to check on my fishes:)
lentwo ratingfive cute game!!
lentwentytwo ratingfive befriend me: sexybay...u earn xp's an $ for visiting friends & every level up u earn 1fb..level up faster, sell gr snapper.
lenthree ratingfive hope it helps
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenten ratingtwo they can't seem to change my game over correctly.
lenfourteen ratingtwo been nothing but a hassle and stupidly i spent real money on fish bucks.
leneight ratingfive a lot of fun raising your own fish
lenfour ratingfive nice job i likes
lentwo ratingfive pretty fun.
lenfifteen ratingthree i prefer fish live but this is a pretty good game i am enjoying it
lenthirteen ratingfour great game but there should be an easier way to get fish bucks
lenthirtythree ratingfive i love this game very addictive but i dont like how its so hard to get fish bucks and that some of the challenges need quite a bit of them and the quests
leneight ratingfive tap fish is a realy, realy cool game
lenthirtythree ratingone the game forces closes  evertime its started and now new phone and got them to transfer to this phone and i can't even load the game cause it wants to force close
lenseventeen ratingfour the erotic ads that are displayed in my windows are really awkward... where is this coming from?
lenseventeen ratingfour i don't download similar apps or look up related topics on my phone, what the hell.
lenfourteen ratingfour i use the bus and i'm embarassed that my seatmate will see it.
lenfourteen ratingfour or is this a strategy to make me use fish bucks to remove ads?
lenfour ratingfour it's ddam guddd
lenfour ratingfour decent game time consuming
lenfive ratingfive my son loves this game!
lennine ratingfive he likes it when the fish get bigger/grow.
lennine ratingfour takes two taps to start up app on htc 3d.
lenfive ratingfour please fix start up problem
lenthirteen ratingfour this game is addicting, just wish you could sell your coins for bucks....
lenfive ratingfive loads of fun very addictive
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome.
lenten ratingfive if you don't get it then ur life sucks!
lenfour ratingone can't play it.
lenthirteen ratingone game opens but as soon  as the  screen is touched, it force closes.
lennine ratingone uninstall all games, reinstall only tapfish and same result.
lenone ratingone wtf
lenfive ratingtwo thought id retry this game.
lenfive ratingtwo it freezes and wastes memory.
lenseven ratingfour great game, love it ,problem free game
lentwo ratingfive fishie fishie
lenthree ratingfive totally love it.
lennine ratingfive hope it does not end up like tiny village.
leneleven ratingone freezes disent work im not a satissfied customer stuff too expensive
lennine ratingfive very fun game 1 problom words and queshtins are tiny!!!$$$$#$&?$$
lenfive ratingfour fun when you get bored
lenthirtytwo ratingfive it's addicting i love it except when u upgrade to a new phone u lose all your data n memory.n wish u make tapfjsh season n taplets like the iphone
lenthirtysix ratingfour love this game but two issues: 1) there's not a lot to do after you've cleaned and feed your fish and 2) there's really no way to get far in the game without spending money
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneight ratingfive i love this game it is so amazing!!!
lenthirtyseven ratingone i dont know wats wrong it kicks me out of the game then when i reopen it the screen is blue and i see a lock in the top right corner idk wats wrong but i unistalled...
leneight ratingfour nice app my daughter loves playing with it
lenseven ratingfive great time waster and live wallpaper awesome
lenthirtysix ratingfive awesome game but yhu really need to like request a email so that if yhu get a new phone yhu won't have to start all over again, and log in and out as yhu please.
lensix ratingfive could yhu add thisss feature plz???
lenseven ratingfive it would be really helpful to meh~
lenseven ratingthree too much stuff that costs fish bucks
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended!!!!
lentwelve ratingfive its actually fun but it takes time to build up every thing
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive fun way to have fish without all the mess.
lenseven ratingthree i like it it keeps me occupied
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lenseven ratingone since last update am unable to play!
lenseven ratingone please fix it....its been 2 months now!!!!
leneleven ratingone i'm sure my fish are all dead....urgent help uninstalled!
lenseventeen ratingfive i would say , " this is as good, and 80% as close to an actual aquarium... sometimes, i forget... ".
lenthree ratingfive beautiful, and fun...
lennineteen ratingfive i use the evo 4g and tapfish sometimes won't open for me or generates further issues with my phone.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenseven ratingtwo this is the worst game ive downloaded!
lenseventeen ratingtwo all its ever done is frezz and ive sent messages 2 makers of the game and no responce!
lenseven ratingtwo i wouldnt bother with this at all
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfour ratingfive gigapet for your phone.
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lensixteen ratingfour only play the game couple times but it's just like the facebook fish tank game
leneight ratingfive easy to understand and not complicated at all.
lenthree ratingthree enjoy playing this
leneight ratingone waste of your time & messes with your phone
lenfour ratingfive its a wonderful game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthirteen ratingfive especially when they do the special events; talk about awesome species of fish!
lenfive ratingfive can't stop playing it
lentwo ratingfive sammy sparrow
lenfive ratingfive super gratte .... and it fcoool
lenfive ratingfive good to play while relaxing
lentwenty ratingfive kool, but the game could be better if it had more games from android market to earn fish bucks awesome!!!
lenfive ratingfive i agree the bucks suck?!
lenfour ratingfive really good time killer
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive poptarts are good yummy!!!!!
lentwo ratingfive nice app
lensix ratingfour im addicted but sometimes slow opening
lenfive ratingfive keeps kids calm for hours.
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lenthirteen ratingone tapfish(tf) is aware of  issue & has not fixed it after two months.
lentwelve ratingone tf only cares about selling fishbucks (spend real $ for a 'free' app)  :-(
lenten ratingfour can't open game anymore due to problems parsing data.
leneighteen ratingfour don't want to uninstall and lose my fish, but guess they're all going to die anyway. :(
leneighteen ratingfour need to incorporate a search option so you don't have to search through all of the fish.
lenseven ratingfour that way you can search by name.
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game.
lenfour ratingfive brilliant game, love it!!
lenthirtyfive ratingfive its good fun and good if you are out and it good because when you are bord you can just get it out and thats makes me happy so i go from bord to happy
lentwentyfour ratingfive it's fun to play but i wish it was easier to get fish bucks instead of spending your own money on virtual fish.
lenfortysix ratingone not very happy...too difficult to earn cash & coin & even the ones you can buy with coins are too expensive...fish live is fun...this game isn't...make it easier to earn cash & coins or lower the prices on fish otherwise i'll be uninstalling...
lensix ratingfour i can't stop playing it
lenthirteen ratingfour i would have given it 5 stars if u give out more fish bucks
lentwo ratingfive love jt
lenseventeen ratingfive i love this game because you make new breed of fish get a whole lot of money
lenfive ratingfour this is a fun game.
lenthirtyfour ratingfour it would be much better if you could change the size of the decorations to make tanks look more 3-d and if it didn't take so long to get the fish you breed.
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game its keeping me going, after hurricane sandy knocked out my power!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lennineteen ratingthree i wish there are more fishes that can be bought by coins since fish bucks are hard to earn.
lenthirteen ratingthree also the days for the fishes to be an adult are too long.
lenten ratingthree and pls make the spin paid by coins not bucks.
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lentwo ratingfive really fun.
lenthree ratingfive can be addicting
lenfour ratingone keeps crashing so uninstalling
lenseventeen ratingfive love fish so tapfish is excellent just as long as none of my fish die on me
leneight ratingfour i havent had any problems yet... fun game
lennine ratingfour fun but i kept forgetting tht my fish excisted :/
lenten ratingfive love it...support team listens, responds & acts on your needs!
lenfour ratingfour good for killing time.
lensix ratingfour needs easier ways for fish bucks
lenfiftyone ratingfour i got this as a game to keep me busy but after recent updates most of the fish you have to buy fish bucks for so unfortunately if your like me and don't want to spend money on apps then this isn't as good a game as it seems.
lentwelve ratingfive you will feel compelled to care for and about these imaginary fishes.
lentwentythree ratingfive i've only been playing for about two weeks and its soooooooooooooooooooo fun really really fun and thanks for making such amazing fish
lenthree ratingfive keeps me occupied.
lenseven ratingfive when i'm bored but its fun
lentwentyfive ratingthree i've been playing this for a while now and whilst i still love playing it, i am getting sick of it constantly "force closing"
lenthree ratingfive calms me down .
lensix ratingfive almost like a real fish tank!
lenfour ratingfive with out the mess !
lentwentyfour ratingfour earning free bucks never seems to work, and i always have to start up twice because the first time it seems to always close
lenfourteen ratingfive you take care ur own fish if u ask me i say download it
lenseventeen ratingfive my favorite part is being creative - decorating fish tanks, breeding fish and themes for my different tanks.
lenfourteen ratingfive events keep game playing fresh and give chances to win free fish and decorations.
lenfive ratingfive customer service is excellent too!!
lenfour ratingfive very responsive when needed.
leneight ratingone i downloaded it and is so slow uninstalling
lenthree ratingfive tapfish is awesome
lentwo ratingfive top markotop
leneight ratingthree it's a normal "looking after your pet"
lentwo ratingthree type game.
lensixteen ratingthree it's fairly easy to earn coins selling fish but fish bucks are a different matter.
lennine ratingthree some items can only be bought using fish bucks.
lentwentyfour ratingthree unless you are willing to purchase fish bucks, using real money, there are very limited means to acquire fish bucks which is a disappointment.
leneighteen ratingthree i will purchase a game that i enjoy but i will not purchase play money using real money.
lentwentyseven ratingthree you should be able to acquire all items (fish and decorations,etc) using coins or you should be able to earn fish bucks by doing certain tasks.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lennine ratingfive i love this game despite the crashing im hooked
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive i would definitely rate it a five.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive like it!
lennine ratingfive love to have my own fish on my phone!!! :-)
lenone ratingthree wow.
lenone ratingthree uninstalled.
lensix ratingfive awesome game u should play it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthree ratingfive its very addicting
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun!
lentwo ratingfive fun app.
lensix ratingfive it is a very relaxing game
leneight ratingfive raise and breed fish with out the mess.
lensix ratingfive really fun and easy to play
lensix ratingfour full on timepass,but nice game.
lenfour ratingfive fun and relaxing game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i enjoy this an its easy an realistic in a way nice grafics
lenten ratingone i have been breeding fish but they are not growing.
lenseventeen ratingone they are suppose to grow in 3 days and it's 5 days later and they aren't breeding.
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!
lenfive ratingthree constantly freezes or force medsage.
leneight ratingthree fix these issues and game would be great.
lenfour ratingfive i love the game!!!
lenfifteen ratingfive the graphics are great but i wish somethings didn't cost so many fish bucks.
lenfive ratingfive the quests are really fun.
lenfive ratingfour my kids love it too
lenseven ratingfive this is one of the best games.
lentwelve ratingfive if i had to rate it from 1 to 10 it would be nuber 10
lenseven ratingfive great  game can't stop playing it.
lentwo ratingfive so addicting
lenfourteen ratingthree the new version is just not as much fun as it used to be.
lenfifteen ratingthree and if you aren't going to buy fishbucks you might as well not play.
lentwentytwo ratingthree back to three stars because of the fix on the 30 day food brick and bringing back some of the high dollar fish
lenfour ratingfive awesome game few problems
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive i'm always playing it and get different fish!!
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it
lenthree ratingthree love the game.
lenseven ratingthree wish fish bucks were easier to get.
lenfive ratingthree more quests would b awesome.
lennine ratingthree free if you don't want to do much.
lenfifteen ratingthree otherwise you have to spend real money to get what you need for the game.
lennineteen ratingfour it seems that you are getting money hungry and making changes just to get people to spend more money.
lenthirteen ratingfour please fix and i will change my rating, this is my favorite game.
lenseven ratingfive awesome feels like i really have fish
lentwo ratingfour good graphics.
lentwenty ratingfour it connects to the server each time i start up the app, so it may need an accommodating data plan.
lenfive ratingfive this game is pretty awesome
lentwo ratingfive very fun!
lentwo ratingfive super addicting!
lentwo ratingfive time killer
lenfive ratingfive lots of fun and addicting.
lennineteen ratingfour i also read that there are some quests u must pay cash for and you can not skip it.
lentwentyeight ratingfour thanks for a fun time passer and the ability to have an aquarium with out all the hassle of maintenance and the expenses of the real life hobby.
lentwenty ratingfour fix the ease of collecting coins, fish bucks, and lower prices in the store and i would re-rate to 5stars
lenthirtytwo ratingfive at first i got this for my daughter now i can't put it down..the only problem is they should make it alittle easier to get bucks other wise very addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive breeding fish is awesome!!!!!!!!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenseven ratingfour everything takes fish bucks why not coins.
lenfive ratingfive i need more fishbucks please
lentwentythree ratingthree its an ok game...would be better if everything didnt cost so much and its nearly impossible to earn fish bucks or coins :(
lensix ratingfive cool game to have love it
lenthree ratingfive fun so fun
lenfive ratingfour this is a cool game.
lenthree ratingfour itz really addicting!
lenfive ratingfour but they need to upgrade....-_-
lentwenty ratingtwo the first time it appeared the only way i could get rid if it was to delete my game data.
lensixteen ratingtwo i emailed the developer only to get a generic email about transferring data to another phone .
lenfourteen ratingtwo is there any way i can fix this error without deleting ny game data?
lentwo ratingone this game..
lenfour ratingone wth happened to it?!?
lensixtyfive ratingone just about everything is raised in price you have to spend ur own money to get anywhere in the game and you don't have the best and my favorite part of the game where they had special events every week to play with different fish and collect them to unlock prizes even tho there are leader board options... there are not events 2 even play!
lensix ratingone this game has went to hell. .
leneleven ratingone it force closes at least twice before it'll even open..
lenthree ratingone definitely uninstaling pronto!!!
lentwentyeight ratingthree can't play for verylong though, many/most fish require real money which i`m not interested in paying, and the fish menu is difficult to navigate efficiently
lenthirteen ratingone my fish for the event disappeared...very boring when there are no events
lenfour ratingfive i just love it
lenfour ratingfour my kids love it!
lensix ratingfive hugely addictive and great fun on nexus7.
lentwo ratingfive favorite game
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun.
lenfifteen ratingfive i really enjoy looking after the aquarium's. as well as cross breeding the fish.
lentwo ratingfive very enjoyable.
lenthree ratingfive nice job doing
lenthree ratingfour breeding is fun.
lensix ratingfour all in all a good game.
lenten ratingfour really diverse market of fish and fun topical mini games.
lenthree ratingfive great for timeouts.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
lenone ratingfive awsome!
lenfive ratingfive love theas type of games
lenten ratingfive this is a very fun game that keeps me entertained
lenfour ratingfive nice slow paced game!!!
lenfourteen ratingfive it's a great distraction for my boys when the doctor is giving shots!!!
leneight ratingfive hey if it works, then go for it!!!!
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the game......
lentwo ratingfive awesome app
lentwelve ratingfive very addictive game can be transfered to new phones excellnt customer services.
lenfifteen ratingfour seems like it will take forever to get fishbucks without having to use real bucks.
leneight ratingfour almost want to abandon sometimes because of this.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfive ratingthree the game has gotten better.
lenseventeen ratingthree i never got compensation for what i had lost but i guess that's how it goes.
lenten ratingthree it is still an addicting yet peaceful game to play.
lennineteen ratingthree 11-17   since the last update i have lost fish bucks that i have paid for, to be exact 33 fish bucks.
lenfourteen ratingthree i have used the smoke screen and still lost all my prizes (several times).
lensixteen ratingthree the submarine would return back to the tank then the game would shut down n close.
lenfifteen ratingthree i would go back in and wasn't able to touch anything on the tank.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lenfifteen ratingthree pretty fish that dont smell great what more could u expect from a fish app ?
leneight ratingfive me and my son both play this game!
lenfour ratingfive pretty fish and decorations!
lensix ratingfive we love to make pretty aquariums!
lennine ratingfive only thing...you should give away more fish bucks!
lenfive ratingfive i have to buy for 2.
lentwo ratingfive gets expensive!
lenseven ratingfive should get more fish bucks for the $$.
lenten ratingfive on the spin..i don't need 4 of each thing.
lensix ratingfive make them nicer or fish bucks.
lenseventeen ratingfive support is very helpful and has helped several times :)  still love the game and hooked on it!
lenfour ratingfive great i love it
lenseven ratingfive love it...even entertains     my 2 yr old.
lenthree ratingfive samsung galaxy ace
lenthree ratingfive love this app
leneight ratingfour my kids love taking care of their fish!!
lenfour ratingfive i like this game .
lentwentysix ratingfive wish the backround was alot more hd and get more app options for free bucks but in all the game is so much fun im hooked
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfortysix ratingfive i love it this game is soooo coool fun and it has very wierd but coool fish .if u want a game where u can get new and breed fish and have coool fish and tanks this is the game for u can   b-) :-p :-) :-d
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game you can get exotic fish and cool decors!!!
lenfourteen ratingfour i like the game but i'm a little disappointed by the thanksgiving even.
lenseventeen ratingfour i expected to have better fish that had more of a thanksgiving look like indians and pilgrims.
lensix ratingfour the fish dnt go with thanksgiving :-(
lentwo ratingfive addictive game
lentwelve ratingfive so many things to do and ways to earn coin and fishbucks.
lenfive ratingfive keeps it interesting and relaxing.
lenten ratingfive very cool and why i gave a 5 star rating.i
lenfive ratingfive can't i stop playing
lensix ratingfive the best game of all time
lennine ratingfive its like work, only with cool looking v-fish.
lenfive ratingfive please fix lag in it!!!!
lenseven ratingfive lag fixed after update thx runs smooth!!!!
lenfour ratingfive omg such cool fish
lenseven ratingfive my wife n i love this game
lenseventeen ratingfour the only thing that is bad about this game is the fish bucks to hard to get
lenfive ratingfour i hope they get fixed.
lenthree ratingfour fun...fun...fun!
lenseven ratingfive i. loove tapfish its an awesome game.
leneleven ratingfour too bad i can't transfer saved game stats and data..
lenfour ratingfour its a awesome game.
lentwenty ratingfour i just wish there was more accurate ways to earn fish bucks... and u can trade the coins for bucks
lenfour ratingtwo super duper glitchey:( bummer
lenfour ratingfive runs great on nexus 7!!
lenthree ratingfive very addicting game!
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!
lenthree ratingfive its afun game
leneight ratingfive i love this game.... i'm so addicted
lensixteen ratingfive i like this game it is very fun for people who gets bored all the time
lenten ratingfive entertaining something to do as well as keep you occupied.
lenfour ratingthree not a bad game
lentwo ratingfive preaty fun
leneight ratingfive i love this game except when they die
lentwo ratingfive great app!!!
leneighteen ratingfour it would be better if the offsprings for arowana be more colourfull rather with grey, black n silver.
lentwo ratingthree love playing
lenfourteen ratingtwo it won't open, i've played before, but now it won't open.
lentwo ratingone very upset.
leneleven ratingone was into the game 100 percent, even got my fiances on it.
lennine ratingone bought fish bucks to help progress and got screwed.
lenfive ratingone charged card but no bucks.
leneight ratingone will give 5 stars when this issue gets fixed.
lenfourteen ratingfive my kids started playing this on my phone and now i am hooked too
lenseven ratingfour great game, annoying bubbles with hints though.
lenthirteen ratingfour still get them even though i've done the action many times before
lenfourteen ratingthree other than that fairly boring but everything works good and the kids love it.
lentwenty ratingfive i always picked on my girlfriend about this game until i tried it myself, now i can't stop playing.
lentwo ratingfive love it.
lenfive ratingfive keeps me from being bored.
lenseven ratingfive doing this to get my fishie bucks(:
lenthree ratingfour very fun game.
lentwentytwo ratingfour only reason i don't give it a full 5 stars is that i don't like having to pay for virtual items
lenfive ratingfive great game love iy fun
lenfive ratingfive i love playing this game.
lensix ratingfive try it you'll like it!
lenthree ratingfive love this  game
lenthree ratingfive addictive, good fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive so far i like it.
lenfour ratingfive its slow going tho
lentwo ratingfive nice game .
lensixteen ratingfour i like tap fish because  it is fun , but you don't  get enough fish bucks
lentwentyfour ratingfive this game is the best game i've ever played!i can't believe that a tiny little screen can fit so much exitement!!!
lenfour ratingone sry but no fun..
lenfive ratingfive follow me on instagram @staythedopest
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfour ratingfive cute and fun game.
lensix ratingfive i play with my 5 y/o.
lennine ratingfour wish it was cheaper but still an awesome game!!!!
leneleven ratingfive so fun wish there was a way to make more bucks
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfive ratingfive love it best game ever
lensix ratingfive it is very fun and addicting
lensix ratingfive fun game that keeps things moving.
lensixtyone ratingtwo i had this game on another phone played for a long time i had to get another phone and i lost my tanks but yet once i searched for a friend on social i found my old tanks and my fishes all dead...is there any way that i could get my old game back instead of starting all over again?
lentwo ratingtwo pls help!!!!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!!
lenseventeen ratingthree freezes but its good for kids that you dont want to buy a real fish for lol
leneight ratingfive the game is very addictive, but suprisingly entertaining.
lenthree ratingfive just try it.
lenfive ratingfive it will grow on you.
lenthree ratingfive great time spender
lenseven ratingone lost all my fishbucks with my upgrade
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!!!!!
lenseven ratingfive its a good game i love it<3
leneighteen ratingfive this is the only game on the market where you can play forever wit having to buy anything.
lentwo ratingfive love it !
lenten ratingfive so creative and wonderful views of your own fish tanks!
lensix ratingfive tons of time = tons of fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive my kiddos love it
lenfive ratingfour newly playing .enjoying so far!
lentwentysix ratingfive its pretty much like taking care of real fish except you need to look after the fishes you buy like two to three times a day.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenten ratingtwo all of the pages load slowly, and the responses lag.
lenthree ratingtwo fix these issues.
lenfive ratingtwo it was much better before.
lentwelve ratingfive its really cool but you should be able to get bucks faster.
lentwo ratingfive totally awesome!!
lentwelve ratingthree i wish it was more stuff you can do with your fish.
lentwentyfive ratingthree after feedings, cleaning your tank, breeding and visiting a few neighbors, your game play stops and you've only been playing for 20 minutes maybe less.
lentwo ratingthree player name..
lenfour ratingfive great to pass time!!!!
lentwentyfive ratingfour it is very good because you can understand how to take care of fish from this game but the prices of everything is to high
lenseven ratingfive this is a good game luv it
lenfive ratingfour my kids love this app
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenfour ratingfive a most excellent game!!!
lenseventeen ratingfive i just wish all the compiled data would store on the sd card along with the app.
lenthree ratingfive great time killer.
lenthree ratingfive no thinking involved.
lenseventeen ratingthree between forced closes, freezing, & constant charging fishbucks for most items required for quests, i'm just done.
lenone ratingthree uninstalled.
lentwo ratingfive tapfish fun
lenthirteen ratingfive love love love this game..force closes alot but still love it.....galaxy s2
lenthirty ratingthree the only issue i have with this game is that most of the items you want to buy cost bucks not coins, which means you have to spend real money.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwenty ratingthree really addictive i think this game is great i have 3 fish tank my son has tanks on his phone also
lenfour ratingfive need me more fishbucks
lenfour ratingfive tap fish is awsome!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this game so much it is so awesome you have to play it!!!!!!   :-)
lennine ratingfive i have had this game for over a year.
lenthree ratingfive i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive fg fax vez muda
lentwentynine ratingtwo game constantly fails when trying to parse data causing application to close the only way to fix is to reinstall the application losing all your fish and starting over.
lennine ratingtwo samsung galaxy s3 was fun until they started to happen
lenthree ratingfour lots of fun.
lenten ratingthree it's hard to figure out how to get started.
lenfourteen ratingfive please update, apps are not available in the earn free bucks tab, thank you.
lenthree ratingfour fish bucks suck.
lenseven ratingfour real ca$h required for optimal play
lenten ratingfive i love your game and fish but mostly your game
lenthirteen ratingone i love this game but it hasnt wurked for days what the hell
lenten ratingfive i enjoy playing tap fish, it's events and quests.
leneleven ratingfive please keep coming up with creative ways to improve the events.
lentwo ratingfive i love.
lensix ratingfive .... i mean infinite love this app.
lenthree ratingfive very time consuming :)
lentwo ratingfour wicked kwl
lensix ratingfive its fun to do when bored
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lentwo ratingfive awesome    xd
lentwo ratingfive cool app...
lenthree ratingfive it's fun.
lenfive ratingfive but buying breeding fish could.
lentwo ratingfive be easier.
lenseven ratingfive relly fun if u like cool fish
lentwo ratingfive sweet app
leneight ratingfive wish i could exchange coins for fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfive awesome time killer
lenfour ratingfour cute game and addictive
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game:-)
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwenty ratingfive very fun game just wish i didn't take so long to hatch eggs...but other than that its awesome
lennine ratingfive awesome wont change it and its free n entertainin
leneight ratingtwo pretty hard to get anywhere without spending cash
lenthirteen ratingfour ive enjoyed it so far doesn't demand a while lot of attention
lensixtyseven ratingone game keeps fore closing alot...i would by a lot of fb  but not any more...its so expensive to buy fish...it use to be lots of fun..all ways on it..now i had to flush most of my fish cuz had no fb...and its hard to get fish when you have to try and win them... things need to change and please fix!!!!
lenfour ratingfive love this crazy game!
lenfourteen ratingfive i also agree that breeding times are way too long most of the time.
lennine ratingfive how about letting us use coins for speed ups?
leneighteen ratingfive and it would be nice if i could chat with a friend who is using an i phone.
lentwo ratingfour love it.
lennine ratingfour needs more tasks, something to work for and achieve.
lenten ratingfive very fun...especially if you can't get an aquarium.
lenseven ratingfive i like breeding to get special fish!
lentwentyfour ratingfive now i must add the fact that i had to switch phones, and only 3 of the 20 games let me go back from new phone!!
lenfour ratingfive tap fish was one!!  :)
lenfour ratingfive i really enjoy it.
lenfive ratingfive its kinda cool and funky. :)
lensix ratingfive era body wanna play dis yall
lenseven ratingfive best way to take care of fish
lenten ratingfour nice pretty virtual fish tank now i finally have one
leneight ratingtwo the game took away my level from 49 to 15.
lentwelve ratingfive love it... only wish  u can buy fish bucks with your coins
lenten ratingfive awesome app gives you something to do when your bored
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing
leneighteen ratingone it's so stupid it always is force closing and when i click on things it' so slow!!!!
lenfour ratingone uninstalled after a day
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfour ratingfive my son loves it
lentwentyfour ratingone it said i had an event so i waited and waited for 3 says for the event and it expired 2 minutes before it even started!
lenone ratingone disappointed!
lenthree ratingfive great little game
lensixteen ratingfive its a fun game... although i wish when you clock on the fish you want ex.
lensixteen ratingfive starter fishes then it comes up right away but its not s huge delay, about 4-6 seconds...
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive kwl game
lenfive ratingfive very fun game to play.
lensix ratingfive it's like the real thing
lentwentyfive ratingfive this is a fun game where if my fish die i don't have to worry about what to do with them or the equipment!
lenfive ratingfive this game is soooo fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingfive i love tap fish, its a great app.
lenthree ratingfive i love tapfish?!!!!
lenfive ratingfive its  great app for me.
leneleven ratingfive its a real like creative way to pretendly own your fish
lensix ratingfive feed the fish  while watching tv
lennine ratingfive love it my favorite app ever it is addicting
lenfour ratingfour i really like it!
leneleven ratingfour i wish that you could get coins and bucks easier though!
lenfourteen ratingfive i also agree that breeding times are way too long most of the time.
lennine ratingfive how about letting us use coins for speed ups?
lentwo ratingfive tha boss
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfive ratingfour i love you bhebhe koh
lennine ratingfive great game to play over long period of time.
lensixteen ratingfive okay i play this all the time ever while i was at the movies .so fun
lenfour ratingfive hi awesome game wazzup.
lenone ratingfive peeps
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!
leneight ratingfive these devs know how to make a game.
lennine ratingfive they listen to the players and keep ot free.
lennine ratingfive i have bought and downloaded lots for this game.
lennine ratingfive just to support the devs... way to go guys.
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lentwentyseven ratingfour if there were easier ways to get fish bucks besides all the deals that i don't want to partake in i would definitely give it a 5.
lentwo ratingfour please help.
lensix ratingfive addictive and fun with cute graphics.
lennine ratingfive only issue would be explaining trophies a bit more.
lennine ratingfour it is ok. a bit slow to start with.
lentwo ratingone bs game
lenthirteen ratingfive its good, but you should lower prices please its hard to get money...
lentwentyseven ratingfive tao fish is so fun its like real live fish please play you dont have to feed them every day maby like once or twice a day
lensixteen ratingfive best pet ever--fish to feed, watch, and breed while designing the entire dreamy aquarium theme
lenthree ratingthree love this game!
lenfour ratingfive i rate tap fish 5 *
lensix ratingfive play this game all the time!
lenthirtyeight ratingthree to thed person who commented about limited breedables not wsorking, it is because limited breedables only breed with certgain fish, if u click the info button it will tell u what fish the one u selected breeds with.
lentwentyfive ratingthree all u had to do was read the help section, there is nothing wrong with the game u jus don't know what ur doin
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive need to find a better way to move game to new phone.
leneighteen ratingfive i almost didn't reinstall cuz i had spent so much time and money on my old game.
lenone ratingfive crazy!!
lentwentyone ratingfive great game don't really like the fact that you have to wait for everything but other then that great game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this app.
lentwo ratingfive really addicting.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lenseven ratingfive i'm addicted i love this game
lenten ratingfive idk y i put this but yea just playing around
lenfour ratingone this app is epic
lentwo ratingfive verry addicting!!!!
lentwentyfive ratingfour everytime i try to add a friend it says they do not exist and when trying to add me it says the same plz fix
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingtwo can get boring waiting
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenthree ratingfour so addicting though.
lenseven ratingfive very entertaining so many things to do.
lenfourteen ratingfive i just wish there was more ways to get fish bucks or items cheaper.
lenfive ratingfive but i love this game!
lenseven ratingfive my husband and i love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game i bug my husband cuss im on it all day(:
lenten ratingfive i love this gameg this is second best after tapranchandroid
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenten ratingone all fishes dies if not feed or clean in 12 hours.
lenfour ratingone just spend like 29 bucks .
lenfour ratingone so all 29 bucks lost.
lensix ratingone installed 3 days ago on my tab.
leneight ratingone but it still appears "unable to fetch data.."
lenfour ratingone my connection is fine
lenthirty ratingfour i love this game but the bucks need to be easier to get cause a lot of stuff needed like fish or other things call for being bought with bucks.
lenthree ratingfive mr.3 fun app
lenfour ratingfive cool... sweet.....cool.... sweeet
lentwentytwo ratingthree i still absolutely love this game, but it keeps force closing on me every time i try playing the new egyptian event.
lentwo ratingthree very frustrating.
lentwo ratingfive fine wallpaper
lenthirteen ratingthree first off i love this game but the constant issues can get frustrating
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game i bug my husband cuss im on it all day(:
lentwenty ratingtwo the sub division event keeps locking up or goes  black and glitches my phone please fix it or trash it
lentwentyfive ratingthree why in the event that their is they dont give me what i collect i have to keep doing it all over in my cellphone
lensix ratingone takes all of my phones memory!
lenfifteen ratingfive downfall.... i'm not going yo pay hundreds of dollars to get the cool fish.
leneight ratingfive so addicted, i play this game to relax
lenten ratingfive nice game...but problem is cant get fish bucks easily....
lenfour ratingone zzz everything so tiny..
lensix ratingone please increase all fish display size
leneleven ratingthree cute game but has been force closing lately on my missions.
lenfifteen ratingthree also give more fish bucks ppl cant afford to buy them and wont buy them..
lennine ratingfive realistic, easy to navigate, fun game on the go.
lenseven ratingfive awesome game and full time pass grt.
lenfour ratingfive gigapet for your phone.
lentwentyone ratingone i enjoy playing tap fish a lot & just to let everyone know...this company promptly fixes issues & has excellent customer service!!!!
lenthree ratingfive best game evur!!!
lensix ratingfive cute little fish you can buy.
lentwo ratingfive luv it!!!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive love taking care of my fish.
lenthirteen ratingfour hey this game is god but you need to many bucks to progress.
lenseven ratingfour like the events and variety of fish!
lenthirteen ratingthree its great and aggravating i can't play the submarine event please fix.
lentwo ratingfive it grateful.
lenfour ratingfive but it running slow
lenfive ratingfive better upgades works good now
lenthree ratingthree love this game!
lensix ratingthree my kids love this game, too!
lentwentyeight ratingthree but every time that darn submarine comes up it gets stuck on the screen after doing a dive mission and we can't get it to go away.
lenfourteen ratingthree i've had to re-install it twice now and starting over really stinks!!
lentwelve ratingone every time i go on a dive mission, the game force closes.
lennine ratingone please fix & give us more time for the missions.
lentwentynine ratingfour i finally found tap fish again, this time on my tablet, much bigger screen,i just hope their is no screw ups like their was on my android phone.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lennineteen ratingfive needs to make an easier way to get fish bucks other than downloading nonsense to your phone or buying.
leneleven ratingfive awesome super fun especially when you can't have real fishies
lenten ratingfour i love this game... just wish could win fish bucks...
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive
lensix ratingtwo i cant do the sub quest.
lentwo ratingtwo this sucks!!!!!!!
lenfifteen ratingtwo please fix i cant fo the quests st all and i really lije this gamr
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingthree i have not tried it but i can not get tapfish on ipod rich only tapfish 2
leneight ratingone bad game bubbles are  anoing it so stopid
lenfour ratingfive slow but fun game
lenseven ratingfour wish fish bucks were easier to get.
lenfiftynine ratingone liked the older version where adding someone cost you 5mb better... at least i could do everything there was to do... now the mystery breeding won't work, the game stop responding every 5 minutes leaving me with a 1 minute wait before anything works again, the fish are pixelated half the time and the game progressively gets more and more laggy.
lenthree ratingone fixes needed urgently!!!
lenone ratingone rating: -75%
leneleven ratingfour pretty good slow hard to earn fishbucks fish r too expensive
lenthree ratingfive love this game !
leneighteen ratingtwo i can't go on dive missions because the app always force closes when the bubble transition happens.
lentwentyfour ratingtwo tap fish is a memory-hog of an app: often force-closes when i try to open it because the vm budget is exceeded.
leneleven ratingtwo another problem: all of the expensive coin fish were purged recently.
leneight ratingtwo i have no way to spend 5.3 billion coins!
lentwentyone ratingtwo add more expensive coin fish or give users a way to exchange coins for fish bucks, say 50 million coins per buck.
lenseven ratingtwo two stars until tapfish recognizes these issues.
lenthree ratingtwo friend id: crashsplash
lennineteen ratingfive on tap fish you have to take good care of your fish or they will go to fishie heaven.
lenten ratingfive lol its a really fun game if you understand responsibility.:)
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this game this is the fifth time i have downloaded game awesome
lensix ratingfive fun game when you are board
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo ok...  but need a better way to earn fish bucks and coins and more starter fish for less that earn more money...
lenfive ratingfive best addicting game ever made
lentwentysix ratingone a load of crap real money stupid prices for fake fish and when you sell them you lose fake money this is now only worth 1 star.
lensix ratingone also i now lost 13 fish bucks .
lenfour ratingone this is reallly bullshit
lenseven ratingone wow just changed my rating to a 1.
leneleven ratingone have had this app for a at least a yearor more.
lensix ratingone was so great in the beginning.
lenseven ratingone new event crashes everytime submarine is tapped.
lenfive ratingone save ur time and $$ folks.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingtwo installed 3 days ago on my tab.
leneight ratingtwo but it still appears "unable to fetch data.."
lenfour ratingtwo my connection is fine
lentwo ratingfive runs smooth
lentwelve ratingfive so laggy how to play it will juz make my phone hang
lentwelve ratingfour good game but the fish bucks need to be more easily earned.
leneleven ratingfour and why can u not get some of the limited breedables?
lenseventeen ratingfour once visiting neighbor tanks some of them are called premiums which u aren't allowed to buy.
lenseven ratingfour so how do u get premium items?
lenfifteen ratingthree need more ways to get bucks or lower prices on fish to higher coin ratio.
lenfive ratingfive it is pretty dang fun
lentwenty ratingfive it is a great game to play with....just issues with low memories... keeps force closing and errors a lot
lentwelve ratingfive i like this one the game is so addictive but family fun
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthree ratingfive its so realistic!
lenseven ratingfive i'm so addicted to this game.
lenthree ratingfive good job folks.
lenfive ratingfive tons of fish, great game
lenten ratingfive its a brilliant game as u can breed unusual fish.
lensix ratingfive only problem is the fish bucks.
lentwentythree ratingfive you should get one everyday fir playing but like most games you have to pay for them, which i can not afford to.
lenseven ratingfive i'm in love with this game!
lenfive ratingtwo fun game, but very expensive!!
lenthree ratingfive good muy buena
lentwentytwo ratingthree i enjoy this game, however, there should be more ways to get more fish bucks & coins without having to add apps & such.
leneight ratingthree need more additional ways to earn coins & bucks.
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lenfive ratingfive my son loves tap fish
lenthirteen ratingfive great game but would be better if didn't force close so much
lentwenty ratingfive i like getting to do things with my aquarium that i can't afford to do with my real one!
lentwelve ratingfive lol if only i could make money as easily in real life!
lenseven ratingfive it's hard to find neighbors though.
lenseventeen ratingtwo fish are so much smaller on my new galaxysiii than they were on my smaller old phone.
lenfour ratingfive the foreclosing is frustrating
lenfour ratingthree game itself is good.
lennine ratingthree i'm ok with the way fish bucks are.
lentwenty ratingthree i only use them to buy new breeding tanks and you can earn them ok through events and completing collections.
lentwenty ratingthree once you get 100k in coins it's easy to earn more coins quickly with things like mummy/box and cardinals.
lennineteen ratingthree too hard to find specific fish in the store if you don't know what category to look under.
lentwentyseven ratingthree latest sub event keeps crashing my games and when i do manage to get a quest i get monsters 1/10 times, even when only on the lower levels.
leneleven ratingfive make it so that coins  can be cashed in for bucks
lentwenty ratingfive wish it had more options for gifting friends and had the same fish as fish in love or tap fish 2
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenfourteen ratingfive connection is a little slow  but the game itself is a lot of fun.
lentwentyseven ratingthree if u didn't have to buy fish bucks &cud earn more the game wud be 10x's better cuz 75% of the fish & things are bucks not coins
lenthree ratingfive tapfish great gamr
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfive ratingfour tap fish is very fun.
lenten ratingfour i love decorating my tank and creating and differant fish.
lentwelve ratingfive love it... only wish  u can buy fish bucks with your coins
lentwentyseven ratingfour previously with forced upgrade couldn't take care of fish / all i can do is assist the force close. : (  started new game and so far so good.
lenthree ratingfive add me please.
lenone ratingfive greeneyes1708,purplelife.
lentwo ratingfive play everyday
lentwenty ratingfive the best game ever accept when u break or loosin your old phone u have to start all over again :-(
lensix ratingfive excellent game, works great on evo
leneight ratingfour this is a nice app, not a wallpaper.
leneight ratingfour it has cool fish and pretty good graphics.
lenfour ratingfive so much fun great
lenten ratingfive always close it self when submarine dive... please fix it..
lentwo ratingfive galaxy tab 2 7.0
lenfourteen ratingfour in the super hero event, the ratios of getting the fish was way off.
lenseven ratingfive very addicting... even my kids love it...
lentwo ratingfive asome game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfourteen ratingone you took $52 fishbucks but didn't give me what i bought!!!!!>:(  this game  sucks!!!!>:(
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!!
lenfive ratingfive add me im hellhead52 @dd me
lenfour ratingthree its an okay game.
lentwelve ratingthree why not charge for the game instead of charging for fish bucks.
leneighteen ratingfour nice and relaxing game, i like to see the different  kinds of fish i can breed and sell.
lenthree ratingfive its so realistic
lentwentyseven ratingfive kid  loves it... add to this mothers day with free stuff.... what happened to fathers day weekend with free stuff?......... great for kids to learn fish names.
lenfive ratingfour this game is so addicting!
lenthree ratingfour luv this game
lentwo ratingfive cool app
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is just so much fun i can't stop playing it
lenthree ratingfive very fun game.
lenfive ratingfive i'm addicted to it.
lenone ratingfive lol
leneight ratingfour fun game to play alone or with others.
lensix ratingfive tap fish is excited none stop
lenthree ratingfive fun fun game
lensix ratingfive love this game its so addicting
lentwo ratingfive awesome fish
lenthirteen ratingfive i am very addicted to this game just that the connection is slow
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i cant stop playing.
leneight ratingfive i play this @ work, get yelled @ every time.
lensix ratingfive u wont regret getting this game.
lenthree ratingfour game is awesome.
lenthree ratingfive love this game! :)
lenthree ratingfive love my fish!
leneight ratingfive just don't like how it occasionally forecloses..
lennine ratingfive love playing tap fish been hook since day one
lenfive ratingfive my daughter loves this app.
lenfive ratingfive great game soo much fun
lensix ratingfive i eat this game all day
lenseventysix ratingone free app but you still have to come out of your pockets to much to play maybe if you can win more than 5 fish bucks that would be great oh and spin too win is full of ish wasted more than 200 fish bucks for 2 fish that r only going to b on the wheel till tomorrow i think i'm going to get rid of this game what a rip off can i get a refund
lentwo ratingfive sweet awesome
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenthree ratingfour really beautiful graphics.
lentwentyone ratingfour would gi've it 5 stars if fish bucks were easier to get and if more fish could be bought with coins.
lenseven ratingfive this game is really fun to play
lenten ratingfive good, i like being able to revive my dead fish.
lensix ratingfive i keep losing my real ones....
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenone ratingfour addictive.
lenseven ratingfive love it and so do the kids
lenfourteen ratingthree you'll need over 118,000 fish bucks to buy 1 of each item in the game.
lentwelve ratingthree so you'll need to spend over $9,000 to get just 1 of everthing.
lenfour ratingthree this is beyond greedy.
lenfive ratingthree it is outragous and disgusting!!!!
lenfour ratingfive very addicting fun game!!
leneleven ratingfive definitly keeps me busy, so far no issues with this app
lensixteen ratingfour ya its a good game but there are few things to upgrade work on that guys
lenfive ratingfour good game, fun to play
lenthree ratingfive loads of fun
lennine ratingfive a great game that i party with my kids
lensix ratingthree its ok not the fastest game.
lenthirteen ratingthree its wicked slow on downloading..if u fix that it will be 5 stars
lensix ratingfive cool game its very addicting lol
lenthree ratingfive exelent time waster
lenfive ratingfive great game for all ages
lentwo ratingfour love it..
lenthree ratingfour great stress reliever!
lennine ratingfive addictive but need a way to earn dollars easier.
lenseventeen ratingfive i have spent money and lost my entire game so i'm leary of doing that again.
lenfive ratingfour takes awhile to resolve issues.
lentwo ratingfour be careful!
lenseven ratingfour if you change phones, u loose everything!
lenseven ratingfour fish, coins, bucks, tanks, all purchases, etc!
leneight ratingone there are toooooo many problems with this app.
lentwo ratingone very frustrating.
leneighteen ratingthree wish there wasn't so much w fish bucks like the challenges but otherwise i'm lovin it!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive feed the fish  while watching tv
lenfour ratingfive getting addicted to it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwelve ratingfive i like the fact that you can breed and create more species.
lentwelve ratingfive my granddaughter loves feeding the fish and she.enjoys the game too.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i love this app i just wish i could make more money on it and i didnt have to pay for stuff i want but other then that its pretty fun
leneight ratingfive i love tapfish but the bubble is anoying.
lentwentytwo ratingthree nice one ... but fish bucks should be more easy to get .... since all the nice items can only be bought through it
lenfive ratingfive totally addicted and loving it!!!!
lenfive ratingfive getting my friends addicted too!
lensix ratingfive great game'iii''''a must play
lensix ratingfive totally in love with tap fish!
lenseven ratingfive ***the 11/26/12 update solved all of my issues.
lentwentyseven ratingfive the game is once again functional***  previous review: i adored this game, until i asked for the gv developers to transfer my game to my new phone.
lentwentyone ratingfive *wink*  the word in the tap fish community on facebook is that my problems are the norm with transfers and updates.
lenone ratingfive beware.
lenten ratingfive you may (probably) lose your game functionality in both scenarios.
lenfour ratingfive i am quite angry.
lenfour ratingfive i loved the experience.
lenfour ratingfive hate the customer service.
lenfive ratingfour great to pass the time.
lenthree ratingfive really neat game.
leneighteen ratingfive just wish there were more opportunities to earn fishbucks in game beside buying and breeding hordes of fish.
lentwo ratingfive oh well.
lenthree ratingfive still enjoy it.
leneight ratingfive this game is so good quick to download
leneight ratingfour watch out 4 the update, it takes more space.
lenthree ratingfive great wee app
lentwo ratingfour great fun!
lenfive ratingtwo they just want your cash
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
leneleven ratingfive wish fish bucks were easier to win or cheaper to buy.
lentwo ratingfive get real
lentwo ratingfive fun game .
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingfive been playing for quite some time.
lenthree ratingfive part of day.
lenone ratingfive enjoyable
lenthree ratingfive love my tank .
lentwo ratingfive super easy.
lennine ratingfour its a great pass time and lots of fun
lentwenty ratingfive i love this game i love being able to take care and breed beautiful fishes it is soo much fun
lentwo ratingfour great app!
lenone ratingfour sucs!
lenthree ratingfour otherwise, great app.
lentwo ratingfour galaxy s
lenthree ratingfive game verry good
lenfour ratingthree too expensive to.play..
lentwentynine ratingtwo i have 3 limited breedable fish but when i put one in the breeding tank it says "you don't have limited breedable fish, buy some now", please fix this
lenthree ratingfive cool but limited.
lenfourteen ratingfive the fish are too expensive, and why  not a free spin to win occasionally?
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
lenone ratingfive love.
lentwelve ratingfive this game but wish   that tha breedable   fish weren't so exensive!!!!!!!!????????**************
lennine ratingfour i love this game and so does my kids!
lenfour ratingfive excelent for the stresss....
lensix ratingfive i think this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfive nice and fun game!
lenten ratingfive this is the most gasometer game i have ever played
lenten ratingfive i love this game wish u had it for computter
lentwentyfour ratingfour fun jus takes forever for fish to grow an its hard to earn fish bucks if you dont wanna buy them with real money
lenthree ratingfive its so addicting.
lenten ratingfive at least if these fish die, you can buy another
lenfive ratingfive tap fish is the bomb
lentwo ratingfive fun game!!!
lenthirteen ratingfive i think it's a cute game, addicting and kids like it too!
lenfour ratingfive i really like it!
leneleven ratingfive i wish that you could get coins and bucks easier though!
lentwentynine ratingfive i've been playing tap fish for almost a year, at the beginning i spend like twenty dlls after that i haven't spend nothing check my tanks, ceymael.
lentwentyone ratingthree i would have given this 5 stars but it takes way to long to build up fish bucks and advance may uninstall
lenthree ratingfive best android game
lenfifteen ratingfour pretty fun game, only complaint is it takes a long time to see much change.
lenthree ratingfive amazing and addictive
lenfour ratingfive very addictive great colours
leneleven ratingfive this sh** is fun takes ur mind off of stress    cool.....
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lennine ratingfive it gives me something to do during the day!!!!
lenseven ratingfour like the game, its fun and addictive.
lennine ratingfour just wish it were easier to get fish bucks.
leneight ratingone new version not any better...  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   this app.
lentwentyseven ratingone stole  75 bucks beware of this app it *locks up all the time  now and is very glitchy (game), that will stell your hard earned money from you.
lennine ratingone and have a fish burp good bye fish bucks.
leneleven ratingone and fish headquarters don't care and won't help you.                                               :(  :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(  ?????????????????????
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenfour ratingfour my kids love it!
lentwentytwo ratingfour it's like an active screensaver but you can buy and breed fish so it does actually have a little effort required.
lennine ratingfour fun for a week or so in 5 minute chunks.
leneight ratingfive this game is awesome you should get it
lentwentytwo ratingfive i was addicted to this on my iphone, then on my sii & now i'm addicted all over again on the note 2!
lentwo ratingfive im addicted!
lenthree ratingfive love this app
lenseven ratingthree i'm so addicted to this game!
lenthirteen ratingthree but it keeps shutting down and it makes me lose my daily bonus.
lenfive ratingthree just lost my free spin.
lenfour ratingthree now i'm mad :(
lenseven ratingfive when there are problems they are addressed.
lentwo ratingfive sweet game...
lentwo ratingfive love game
lentwo ratingfive great game!!!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfour very addictive.
lentwo ratingfour love game.
lenfifteen ratingfour would love more if ya could earn fishbucks or buy with profits from fish sold.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game....
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwenty ratingfive one of the most exciting games i have found that keeps my interest even when i am not actually playing.
lenfive ratingfive thee graphics are breath taking.
lentwelve ratingfive taking  care of these fish have become a full time job of.
lenone ratingfive enjoyment.
lenfour ratingfive please try tap fish.
leneight ratingfive then give them a *5 with a great review.
lenseven ratingfive god bless with love  coglabirpv@yahoo.com
lenfour ratingfive great fun and addictive
lenthree ratingfive great fun game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthirteen ratingfive i can't get my love over 91... even when i purchase different items...
lentwelve ratingfour very fun and i love fish ha but everything costs fish bucks
lenfive ratingthree the submarine doesn't work
lentwelve ratingone every time i go on a dive mission, the game force closes.
lennine ratingone please fix & give us more time for the missions.
lenfifteen ratingfour i love the game, but the most fun is when you can spend fish bucks.
lenfifteen ratingfour also, with phones like samsung note 2 and lg optimis g, the fish are so small.
lenseven ratingfour i even have difficulty tapping the fish.
lenten ratingfour sell all option with 15% commission negates a lot of profit.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lensix ratingtwo this game always freezes your phone.
lensix ratingtwo when they try to have events.
lenfive ratingtwo do not buy fish bucks.
lenfourteen ratingfour pretty koo game but it crashes way too much, need to get that fixed
lenseven ratingfive i am so addicted to this game
lenfour ratingfive this is so relaxing.
leneight ratingfive i look forward to checking on my fish
lennineteen ratingfive i started this on my kindle and loved it so much that i now havs it on my phone :)
lenseventeen ratingone with the new update, they send you the annoying notifications, even if you turn off the option.
lenthree ratingone i am  uninstalling!
lennine ratingone maybe i will check on it in a year
lensix ratingfive thanks again for a great time
lentwelve ratingthree this is an ok app your fish can die in one day!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive love the game, although i just lost over 3 million coins while selling a fish because of the force closing problem, in addition to that, i also lost the fish i was selling.
lenthirtyone ratingfive if u play the game i advise u not to put any money out of your pocket into it because someway somehow u will lose it and get nothing in return!
lensix ratingfive the game will steal your money!
lenten ratingfive happened to me too many times even with fish bucks!
leneight ratingfive i lost 20 fish bucks because of force closing.
lentwelve ratingfive the game is fun just don't put your money into it.
lenfour ratingfive fake fish = good distraction
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenthree ratingfour love the game!
lennineteen ratingfour i don't have trouble with submarine foreclosing, but everytime i'm on now doing anything it will foreclose.
lentwo ratingfour very upsetting!
lenfour ratingfour f.b. a joke
lenthirtyfive ratingfive i got tap fish a while ago and hadn't played it for atleast a year, it use to get boring, but now with all these new features i have my love for it back!
lentwo ratingfive definitely addicting!
leneight ratingfive love this game n so  do my kiddies
lentwo ratingthree fun game.
lenten ratingtwo can't really get into this game, it keeps closing.
lennine ratingtwo wish i could find tap fish 2 on android market
lenthirtynine ratingfour its a fun game it lags at times but fun, the other thing is fish bucks almost everything is fish bucks and they are expensive so like if you would get 2-1 fish buck everyday it would be a perfection
lentwo ratingfive awsome awsome
lenone ratingtwo slowest.
lenone ratingtwo game.
lenone ratingtwo jeeze!
lenthree ratingfive cool love fish
lenseven ratingthree fun game but to many force closes!
lenten ratingfive its very fun app for kids love it thumbs up
lenfifteen ratingfive this game is amazing it has so many cool fish u can take care of!
lentwentythree ratingone i was so having fun until it started force closing on me everytime i open it i now deleting getting on nerves  sorry
lenten ratingfive this game is awesome, especially with all the different events!
lenfour ratingone i hate this game.
lenten ratingfour it's a fun game and a great time waster.
lenthirteen ratingfour the only bad thing i've found is that it occasionally freezes up.
lenfive ratingfive love this game a lot!
leneleven ratingfour love everything besides how long it takes to earn fish bux..
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthirteen ratingfive cool game, do for five mins and bugger off for some time lol.
lenfourteen ratingfour when you make it easier (& you give us more ways) to earn *free fishbucks* !!!
lenfour ratingfour (samsung galaxy s2 epic 4g touch)
lenthree ratingone freezes way 2 much!
lenfour ratingone loss of data, $$$ & x!!!
lennine ratingone u made $ off of me & still i remained loyal!!!
lentwo ratingone what bs!!!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingthree u have to start over.
leneight ratingthree i've had to do that twice now!!
lentwenty ratingfive i play very few games, but i can't stop myself from checking on my fish each and every day.
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game!
lentwo ratingfive fun stuff
lenfour ratingfive gigapet for your phone.
lenten ratingfour it's a nice game.plus my kid love it.
lenthree ratingfive love love it
lennine ratingfive i love it l love it i love it! !!!!!!!!!!
leneighteen ratingfive i think this game helps me learn how to take care of fish and clean up after them:-)
lenfour ratingfive highly addictive and fun!
lensix ratingfour downloaded this game for my wife.
leneighteen ratingfour so far she loves the game but she has run into the problem of it force closing sometimes.
lenseven ratingfour hopefully this problem will be fixed soon.
lensix ratingfive im in love with this game
lenten ratingfive it's awesome and fun to play all dat long
lenten ratingfour forecloses every few minutes and slow to load the game.
leneleven ratingfour frustrating when it happens too much so don't  upload again.
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
leneight ratingfive i love this game i would rate it 1,000,000 *
lenthree ratingfive love my tank .
lentwo ratingfive super easy.
lenseventeen ratingfive kool, but the game could be better if we could use fish coins to buy fish bucks!!!
leneleven ratingfive thank you and great job on inventing this game and entertainment.
lentwo ratingone it sucks!
lenthree ratingone always force close.!!!!
lenthree ratingone this is ridiculous!
lenfive ratingfive excelent way to pass thetime
lenfive ratingthree just a really cool game.
lenten ratingfive this is very nice one and i realy enjoy it
lenthree ratingfour fun fun fun
lenfour ratingfive i love this app.
lentwentythree ratingfive i have played for quite a while and found the color and speed better on my lg than i had on my droid.
lensixty ratingfive i love this app i just wish i could make more money on it and i didnt have to pay for stuff i want and it force closes on me a lot but i love all the cool fish and enjoy playing it would be much better if the problems were fixed then id give it a 10 if i could
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lennine ratingfive love it now cs fish eat so much faster.
lentwentyone ratingfour every time i buy a fish i try to press the tool pad and it responds by buying more fish instead.
lenone ratingfive addicting.
lentwo ratingfive occasionally glitchy.
lensix ratingtwo i cant do the sub quest.
lenfourteen ratingtwo we should be able to do the quest evertime we are visiting our tanks.
leneight ratingtwo thats how it was on my other phone.
lenthirteen ratingtwo well after two.days.if paying it, the game now will not open.
lenfifteen ratingtwo it gives the error message that it is having trouble parsing and will not open.
leneighteen ratingfive i had this game five times.even though it takes up alot of space it is really fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lentwo ratingfive fun game!
lensix ratingfive the events are the best part.
lenten ratingfour game shuts down alot but other than that its great
lensix ratingtwo this game is so much fun.
leneight ratingtwo i have multiple tanks and hundreds of fish.
lensixteen ratingtwo you can choose which fish you are going to breed & then sell them if you like.
lensix ratingtwo beenplaying for over a year now.
leneight ratingtwo play in general is great, however the "new"
lensixteen ratingtwo so you cant get most of the trophies without spending money every month on the game.
lenone ratingtwo disappointing.
lensix ratingfive thanks again for a great time
lenfour ratingfour it's addictive fun
lenthirteen ratingfour i think the games alright got some glitches but an overall good game
lenfour ratingthree im a little upset.
lentwentyseven ratingthree payed six bucks for no monsters but a monster came also spent twenty bucks not coins on a fish and got no fish but took my bucks
lensixteen ratingfive i love dis game... even though i have to fight my girl to have a turn'''
lenfiftyone ratingthree addictive, fun, loved it, hate the submarine, have tried to dive for hours n keeps closing, have 8 dives to do n it won't let me, plz fix, besides that and don't spend your own money has took fish bucks b4, otherwise a great way to express yourself and pass time!
lensix ratingfive i love this game, works great!  :-)
lensix ratingfive i love it, i really do.
lenfive ratingfive im totally addicted to it.
lenthree ratingfive like the games
leneleven ratingfive they love taking care of the fish almost like real pets!
lentwo ratingthree awesome game
lenseven ratingtwo it use to b a great game ..
lenseven ratingtwo tired of it force closing on me..
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfive love tap fish
lentwentytwo ratingfive i enjoy this game, however, there should be more ways to get more fish bucks & coins without having to add apps & such.
leneight ratingfive need more additional ways to earn coins & bucks.
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lennine ratingfive very fun love events,fish,monsters,and the deco.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lensix ratingfour this game is fun and cooler
lenthirtyone ratingone not even playable can't buy new fish due to force close do not wast your time eats meyory dive event = force close needs to be fixed a.s.a.p.
lenfour ratingfive its a cool game.
leneight ratingfive a fish tank you can take with you.
leneighteen ratingfive it forcecloses whenever i visit other tanks and keeps my visits to other tanks very short on evo-3d.
lenseven ratingfive just for us loyal, captivated "tap fishers".
lenfour ratingfive good variety of fish.
lenthree ratingfive interesting when bred.
lennine ratingfive i hate it when the fish go belly up.
lenfifteen ratingfive could use a bit of of update on the fish selection in few categories...old.
lenthirteen ratingfive love love love this game..force closes alot but still love it.....galaxy s2
leneight ratingfive perfect game to just sit and do nothing
leneleven ratingfive ive always liked tap fish.i went from cricket to tmobile.
lenone ratingfive fantastic..
lenfour ratingfive u need keep working..
lenseven ratingfive clean tank n other to get coins..
lenseven ratingfive of coz without buying with real money..
lentwo ratingfive beauty game.
lenthree ratingfive entertaining and awesome
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lenfive ratingfive best game ever so addicting
lenfour ratingfour this game is awsome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great app
lenfour ratingfive this game is addicting!!!!
leneight ratingfive it keeps getting better and i love it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive beware.... very addictive.
lenfour ratingfive check out my tanks.
lenone ratingfive freakyj.
lentwelve ratingfive i ievel up fast by filling half my tanks with green snapper.
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lenthree ratingthree fish lady frustrated!
leneight ratingthree can't play dive game as  it crashes.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lensixteen ratingfive the one thing that would make it the best would be to add a gift tab.
lenfifteen ratingfive no clue why it has a community button yet even with out a gift tab.
lensix ratingfive its the best mobile fish game..
lenfour ratingfive great game,highly addictive
lenseven ratingfour love it but it freezes my phone
leneight ratingfive just starting out, but so far great game.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun!!
lennineteen ratingfour this game if super fun bt now the thing thats keepin me from fully enjoyin it is the money..
lenfifteen ratingfour it seems we can get coins by the bunches bt we cant get fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingfour mostly evrythin in the store is able to be bought by fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfour thats a bummer.
leneleven ratingfour and now i cant even.play the new egyptian dive thing.
lennine ratingfour it jus takes me back to my home screen.
lenthree ratingfour lk major fixing.
leneleven ratingone after running one time i had to force close and uninstall.
lennine ratingone my antivirus picked up on bugs in the app.
lensixteen ratingfive this game is pretty fun, and is something to do to make time go by =d
lentwo ratingfive still addicted.
lenfourteen ratingfive positive interaction with support on 3 occasions over the year-plus i have been playing.
lenfour ratingfive looks like real aquarium
lenten ratingfive great game i have nothing bad to say about it
lenten ratingfour it is easy to earn point and relaxing to play!
lensix ratingfive this game is fun and amazing!
lensixteen ratingfive i like taking care of my fish and doing the quests unlike some fish tank games.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwelve ratingfive i just downloaded it about 4 hours ago and i love it already!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone since the last update every time i open the app it immediately closes!
leneight ratingone n during the egyptian event everything was perfect.
lentwelve ratingone if your gonna cheat people then just don't do the events
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lenten ratingfive always will tell my friends to get this awesome game!
lenten ratingthree this game is extremely frustratingly slow for me plz fix
lenthirteen ratingfive i like all the stuff you can get and lots of different fish
lenthree ratingfive love my fish!
leneight ratingfive i love to mate many types of fish.
lensixtyfive ratingone i was trying to,get fish bucks and i with would get the apps and do what they said and days even weeks after using the apps it never.have me the money waste of my fucken phone.space get real people if your not going to keep your words then don't type lies up ether keep your word or keep it to yourselves!
lennineteen ratingfive love the upgrades that have been made so much better than the original awsome game i enjoy playing it
leneleven ratingfive i have gotten so addicted and i absolutely love this game!
lenfifteen ratingfour time taken to grow and breed fish means there is always something new to discover.
lentwentysix ratingfour also generous mini activities fish give you a chance for fish, decorations and fish bucks are a fun bonus to keep you engaged day after day.
lenseven ratingfive so far is good, nice and enjoy
leneleven ratingfive ive always liked tap fish.i went from cricket to tmobile.
lenten ratingfour would be 5 stars if i could earn more fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfour but very entertaining.
leneleven ratingone upgraded to new phone and lost two years worth of game.
lensix ratingone won't install or play again.
lenfour ratingfive this game is tight
lenseventeen ratingthree its like sim city in a tank and less complicated, though i dont reall see the point
lenfive ratingfive i like the game alot.
lentwo ratingfive quite addictive
lenthree ratingfive nice job doing
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lennine ratingfour just started but sometimes i need a no-brainer.
lennine ratingfour could be better the fish could be less pricy.
lenseven ratingfour very kid friendly pet with no mess
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lenthree ratingfour tons of fun!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish.
lenthree ratingfive fun and colorful.
lenfive ratingfive what a pain that was!
lentwenty ratingfive i agree with others that the fish bucks are too hard to earn and too expensive for what you get.
lenfifteen ratingfive the events are fun though and i find myself playing this game throughout the day.
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game and.the events that happen now and then but please dont make everything fish buks
lentwo ratingfive exallent game
lenten ratingfive best game ever made so happy so i got it     (:
lenthirty ratingone i spent my whole week trying to get that croc so hard but school ruined it so now i did not get him and i'm thinking of uninstalling tapfish
lentwo ratingfour otherwise fun!
lenthree ratingfive fun and intersting.
lenfour ratingfive i love my fish
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lenfour ratingfive fun game to play!
leneight ratingfour really fun game exciting game and passes time.
lenfifteen ratingfour hard to earn fishbucks tho and connection is bad sometimes but cool other than that
lenfour ratingfour this game is great.
lenfifteen ratingfour i love fish in general but i love the challenge of a game even better.
leneleven ratingfour also helps me pass a lot of down time at work.
lenfive ratingfive addicting...in a fun way!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!
lenfourteen ratingfive fun game but very limited on what you can do without spending real money.
lenfive ratingfive love this game its awesome
lennine ratingfive all the fun of fish with out the mess
lenfive ratingthree its ciol i like it.
lenseven ratingfive best fish tank game on the market
lentwo ratingfive great parenting :]
lensix ratingfive good graphics and lots of options
lenten ratingthree i enjoy it but been having problems with it freezing
lennineteen ratingthree good game but crashing all the time and,also hard to complete tasks when they practically all require bucks
lensix ratingfive game sucks can't get connection.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive cool game but wants too much $.
leneleven ratingthree fun, but you have to spend some money to really play.
lenforty ratingfive it is cool you coins and prizes.you can buy fish breed them and get a,new fish and get prizes and coins clean the tank get tanks change the backrounds feed them let them grow and many many more!
lenfive ratingfive good game to pass time.
lenthree ratingfive addicting and fun
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lenseventeen ratingfive my 1 year old son loves to sit on my lap and just watch the fish swim around!!
lentwenty ratingfive me facina este juego me entretiene cuando estoy aburrida mas cuando tienes q juntarlos para pre?ar jajaja esta chistoso...
lenthree ratingfive great time waster
lenfour ratingone 0 stars if i could.
lentwelve ratingone don't spend real $s. problems since august 6th and  still no resolution.
lentwentyeight ratingone game will finally open but i revive.my fish and when i move to another tank and go back to the revived tank the fish are dead again.
lenthirteen ratingone i spent fishbucks to buy a fish and it disappeared from the tank.
lenfifteen ratingone four months of no fish growth,  tank level up,  breeding of new fish every 3 days..
lentwo ratingone not anymore.
lenfive ratingone don't waste your money.
lenten ratingfour good game just needs better way to earn more fishbucks
lenseven ratingfive love it and my daughter does also...
lenfive ratingfive fun...slow paced...requires patience!
lenseventeen ratingthree it ne easier if fish buks cus be earned faster rather than duin all those app downloads.
lenfourteen ratingthree its bad enough it takes space bt they require alot of steps amd requirements
lenfour ratingfive love my fishie game
lenfive ratingfive no pressure, just mindless fun.
lentwelve ratingfour it's not a bad game but not a great game either
lenfive ratingfive keeps me occupied whenvim bored
lenfive ratingfour its ok for the kids.
lenthree ratingfour they love it
lenfour ratingfive this game is awesome
lenthree ratingfour not bad game
lenthree ratingthree pretty fun game.
lensixteen ratingthree however, i think that if items are going to cost such a high amount of "fish"
lennineteen ratingthree also, there should be more events to play (such as the submarine event) and they should happen more often.
lentwo ratingfour very addictive.
lenthree ratingfour put more mission
lensixteen ratingfour but they should give u more fish bucks when u start and when u level up.
lenthree ratingfour good game though
lenfive ratingfour i really love this game.
lentwo ratingfour very fun.
lenthree ratingfive long term fun
lentwo ratingfive fish love
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneighteen ratingfour need to incorporate a search option so you don't have to search through all of the fish.
lenseven ratingfour that way you can search by name.
lenten ratingfive good, i like being able to revive my dead fish.
lensix ratingfive i keep losing my real ones....
lenfive ratingfour i like having the "tank"
lenthree ratingfour on my phone
lenfour ratingfive this game works well.
lenten ratingfive it is easy to earn point and relaxing to play!
lenthree ratingfive good fun game.
lenfour ratingfive my kids love it
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour absolutely love this!
lenfive ratingfour great game to have :d
lenone ratingfive gr8 app!
leneleven ratingfive me and my boy  love it  ;0d works gr8 on my tablet x
lenseven ratingfive have had a lot of fun playing!
lenfour ratingfive my family is hooked.
leneleven ratingfive it would be fun to take treasure hunting snorkeligor diving trips!
lenfour ratingthree tap fish is great!
lenone ratingfive awesome.
lenfour ratingfive but forced to rate.
lensix ratingone force closes every time i play.
lenthree ratingfive i like tapfish
lennine ratingfive exelent game love it and so do the kids
lennine ratingfour good game if you have a lot of time
lenseven ratingfour fun & easy enough for my 4 year old.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i love the christmas octopus still please do a croc like the octopus do the breeding fish to get it please but still don't get rid of the submarine event
lenseven ratingfive very life like and addicting to play!
lenfifteen ratingfive i highly recommend installing this app if you are looking to keep a virtual pet
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome game
leneight ratingfive game is fun, no problems with it crashing.
lensix ratingfive verry fun game and its free
lenfive ratingfive this game is totally amazing
lenfive ratingfour its a pretty good game ..
lenone ratingfour addicting.
lensix ratingfive i am addicted to this game.
lenseven ratingfive love it and my daughter does also...
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game just with that some of the exotic fish weren't so exspensive
lensix ratingfour better if i had constant connection
lenten ratingthree need to be able to cash in coins for bucks.
lenthree ratingthree game is fun.
lenfour ratingfive this app is adicting!!!
lentwo ratingfive love it!!!!!
leneleven ratingthree like the game but the fish prices are way to high.
lenfour ratingfive great game,highly addictive
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive bt consumes lot battery
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lentwelve ratingfour i love that at the beginning they give you free fish bucks!
lentwo ratingfive cool game!
lenseventeen ratingfive my 1 year old son loves to sit on my lap and just watch the fish swim around!!
leneight ratingfive be better to earn in game bucks easier
lenfour ratingone 0 stars if i could.
lentwelve ratingone don't spend real $s. problems since august 6th and  still no resolution.
lentwentyfive ratingone game will finally open but when i revive my fish, move to another tank & go back to the revived tank the fish are dead again.
lentwelve ratingone i spent fishbucks to buy a fish & it disappeared from the tank.
lenfifteen ratingone four months of no fish growth,  tank level up,  breeding of new fish every 3 days.
lentwo ratingone not anymore.
lenfive ratingone don't waste your money.
lenthirtyeight ratingone tap fish love tap fish (revised 12-8) used to love now bored almost every challenge or event costs bucks i have spent enough to to have a few new xbox games and the bloodsuckers want more no more 5 stars
lenthirtysix ratingthree i like this game but wish you didn't have to use money to complete half the tasks...there should be minor challenges & games to earn fishbucks instead of having to use real money, kinda bs
lensixteen ratingfour needs more events and cheaper fish to buy, also more breedable fish otherwise pretty good game
lentwo ratingfive cute game
lenfive ratingfive totally addicted to this game
leneighteen ratingtwo as a newbie i am put off by the limited gameplay for those disinterested jn  spending actual money.
lenfifteen ratingtwo glitches  (e.g.  inoperable submarine) are particularly  frustrating for what should be a lighthearted game
lenfour ratingfive love my fishy's <3
lenfifteen ratingfour love this app i just wish there was an easier way to .earn fish bucks
leneight ratingthree you'll have no problems if ya do.
lentwentyseven ratingthree we didn't see eye to eye for awhile...but all worked out & we're both happy now, just took a bit of time to clear up.
leneighteen ratingthree for any earned coins or bucks-keep all emails regarding them until they show up on your account.
lenseven ratingthree also no more than 5 offers per week!
lenthirtyfour ratingthree it's up to you to record, the day, time, company & e-addy, # coins/bucks, what offer stated & what you did do, all e-mails dealing with it, when you got $ added, how many.
leneight ratingthree keep 30 days after getting & all will be great !!
lennine ratingfive i like the game, however it lags a lot.
lenten ratingfive great fkr when your bored and want something to do.
lentwo ratingfive pretty fish
lentwelve ratingtwo had tapfish for a year, love it, but lately it freezing up.
leneight ratingtwo i cant get in to feed my fish.
lentwelve ratingtwo they die and i have to spend my fishbucks to revive them.
lenfour ratingfive love it love it
lentwentyfour ratingfive love it still but my wifes phone got disconnected and she lost everything, she is so upset is there anyway to get it back?
lenone ratingfive excellent!!!
lenthree ratingfive love the game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyone ratingthree you cant do some of the challenges because it cost fish bucks and not just a few a lot of em
lenthree ratingfive luv the game
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenthree ratingfour enjoying tap fish.
lenfive ratingfive i really like tap fish.
lenone ratingone greedy!
lentwo ratingone stay away!
lenfortyfive ratingone omy god this game is fun but put less fiction fish in game like take out chouklit bunny fish and ill give this game 5 * wen u make the stupid sighn that  that says please  rate and i already rated and it still says please rate
lenfive ratingfive just posting for fish bucks
leneight ratingfive i can't get enough of this game.
lenthree ratingfive i love it
lennine ratingfour wish you could earn fish bucks faster and easier
lentwenty ratingone this company is all about sucking you in, then making you pay.money to play any new challenges or game.
leneight ratingone there is nothing free about gameview's games.
lenfifteen ratingfour u can breed some very beautiful fishes the beautiful they are the higher they cost.
lensix ratingfive best game i had ever played
lensix ratingfour enjoyable game for gf n kids
lenfifteen ratingfour love this app i just wish there was an easier way to .earn fish bucks
lennine ratingfive keep playing...new players should xperience it atleast once...
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lenthree ratingfive it's addictive!
lentwo ratingfive fun game :)
lentwo ratingfive ok game
lenfive ratingfive hope it works, ningys crossed.
lenfive ratingfour feed my fish love it
lentwelve ratingfive addictive, but enjoyable, i transfer from phone to phone to keep playing.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lensix ratingfour fun way to pass the time.
lenthree ratingfour overall good game.
lensix ratingfour much better ap than the competition.
lenten ratingfour the colors are vivid, tanks can have many different themes.
leneight ratingfour i like the events(need more of them).
lenten ratingfour wish there were more ways to earn free fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingfour wish some of the better decorations and fish could be purchased with coins.
lenfourteen ratingthree fish bucks hard to get and free fish bucks not always credited as expected.
leneight ratingthree unfortunately live wallpaper does not work on note n7000.
lenfive ratingthree (just displays half a screen.)
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lensixteen ratingthree the game is great except i got a new phone and couldn't transfer it over.
lensix ratingthree so i had to start over.
lennine ratingthree also...it keeps stopping and closing for no reason.
lenthree ratingthree fewer force closes.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive awesome game love it.
lensixteen ratingfive detailed, fun, realistic a little bit of a challenge makes it the perfect aquatic cell game!
lenfour ratingfour the game is awesome!
lenten ratingfour i just wish there were easier ways to earn fishbucks
lenfifteen ratingone i installed and ran a partner app was supposed to get 25 fishbucks for doing so.
lentwentytwo ratingone never got the credit and when i sent an email they took 25 of the fish bucks i already had on my account.
lensix ratingone give me back my fish bucks.
lenseventeen ratingone fish are so much smaller on my new galaxysiii than they were on my smaller old phone.
lentwelve ratingfive tap yay tap fish love it when i  can't   fall asleep
lentwentynine ratingthree it is a nice game for my 3 year old but it is very addictive and requires the purchase of fish bucks to really get any where in the game.
lenten ratingthree i only keep enough fish to keep my soon happy.
lennineteen ratingthree i have learned that the fish actually flat at the top of the tank dead until they are revived.
lenfour ratingfive this game is great.
lenten ratingfive my son and i spend hours together playing this game!!
lenfour ratingfive i give it 5 stars
lenfive ratingfour this is a fun game
lenfive ratingthree fun game to pass time.
lenthirteen ratingfive i enjoy this an its easy an realistic in a way nice grafics
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfourteen ratingthree interesting time sink but i do not like spending real money in the game.
lennineteen ratingfive very very very very  vey very very vey very very very very very very very very very very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood!
lenfive ratingone will not stop force closing!
lenfortysix ratingone every time i try to look at breeding trophies it slows down and force closes, i can never feed all my tanks without it force closing, it has never done this to me as much as it does now and i'm really sick of it!
lensix ratingfive wish there were more diving events.
lenfour ratingfive but love the game. :)
lenfifteen ratingfive great game we live raising our fish and keeping some so we have different ones
lenfour ratingfive awesome waste of time
lenfifteen ratingone i installed and ran a partner app was supposed to get 25 fishbucks for doing so.
lentwentytwo ratingone never got the credit and when i sent an email they took 25 of the fish bucks i already had on my account.
lensix ratingone give me back my fish bucks.
lenseventeen ratingone also fish are so much smaller on my new galaxys3 than they were on my smaller old phone.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love taking care of my fishies and making money to buy different things..
lenthree ratingfive best game ever!!! :)
lenten ratingone updated to the new tapfish and lost 1.6 million in coins.
lenone ratingfive great!
lenfive ratingfive love fishes and fish tank.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfour the game would be awesome if i had $1000 spend.
lenthree ratingfour real slow progression
lentwelve ratingfive i like thus game especially the new fishes you can make x)
lenfive ratingfive love it realy is awsome
lentwelve ratingfour fun i just wish you didn't need so many fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfive i love tapfish.
lenfour ratingfive good app to download.
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lentwo ratingfive brilliant fun!
lentwentyfive ratingthree would be five star but keep force closing sometimes for days and when i finally get it to work my fish are dead fix please
lentwelve ratingfour now i got the galaxy s2 and thrilled to have my aquarium back!
lentwo ratingfour good game.
lentwo ratingfour worth playing.
lenthree ratingfive relaxing and fun
lentwenty ratingfive unistalled and reinstalled this game is a lot better glad u guys fixed it please keep up the good work :-)
lentwentythree ratingfour it's great other then the glitches and when i get a new phone i cant get my game data to switch over.
lentwo ratingfive its great.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive beautiful colors.
lenthirtyone ratingfive this game is awesome im always f##ckin with my phone making sure my fish is livin the life of a fish plus its like your doin a legel hustle lol
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game.
lennine ratingfive just wish it was easier to get fish bucks.
lensix ratingfive it's a really awesome game!
lenfourteen ratingone game is still not loading nor is the game restoring data from previous devices.
lensixteen ratingone i have paid a lots of money to this game for it not to working correctly.
leneleven ratingone this will be the second time i have had this problem.
lennine ratingfive love it love this game play all the time
lenthree ratingfour fun and pretty.
leneight ratingfour wish there was learning info about the fish.
lensix ratingfour like where they live and such.
lenfour ratingfour fun but very addictiv.
lenseven ratingfive good entertainment, and keeps my daughter happy.
lentwenty ratingfive i play very few games, but i can't stop myself from checking on my fish each and every day.
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game
lenthirtytwo ratingfive hey you say you can decorate the tree but the decorations go behind the tree and the fish names aren't all there please fix that i want to decorate that tree
lennine ratingfive spend lots of happy hours playing with the fish.
lensix ratingfive everyone has started calling me fishwife.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!!!
lenfive ratingfive way to go tap fish!
lenfive ratingfive my kids love this game
lennine ratingfour been playing it for few years n loving it.
leneight ratingfour so colorful and so much fun to breed.
lenseventeen ratingfour but they died too fast, within two days if i'm too busy to feed or clean.
lenseven ratingfive fun and easy for kids and adults!!
lenfour ratingfive recommend the down load.
lenthirteen ratingfive no freezes or slow game play and doesn't take alot of space!!
lenthirteen ratingfive i have personally had the game going on 8 months and have no regrets...
lennine ratingfour just started but sometimes i need a no-brainer.
leneight ratingthree fun game, keeps adding new things and quest
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
lennine ratingtwo this game used to be fun a year ago.
leneighteen ratingtwo i have to have my phone horizontally in order for it to start up on the first attempt.
lenfourteen ratingtwo after a good long while of loading, you are allowed to start the game.
lenten ratingtwo however, anything you click on takes about 15 seconds to load.
lenten ratingtwo my trophies cannot be redeemed , for it erases my progress.
lenfour ratingtwo i wouldnt recommend this...
lentwo ratingfive great game!!
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this app.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneleven ratingfive my daughter and i play for hours and she loves it!!
lensix ratingfive great game for casual time killing
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game
lennine ratingfour change the christmas bits to coins not bucks asafp!
lentwo ratingfive love it.
lenthirteen ratingfive the only thing is the prices of the fish is a little ridiculous.
lenten ratingfive all the good ones cost a lot of fish bucks.
lennine ratingfive love this game ago much one of my favourites
lenseven ratingfive i love it this game is awesome!
lenfour ratingfive it a cool game.
lensixteen ratingfive wish i could breed the brad.wish i could turn my coins into fish bucks too.
lentwelve ratingfour crashes on rare occasion at startup on galaxy note 2... otherwise very fun
lenthirteen ratingfive this is heaps better than any other fish keeping games i have played.
lenseven ratingfive a + for the awesome amount of variety :)
lenfive ratingfive this is a great game
lenfour ratingfour this game is addicting!
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfifteen ratingone i installed and ran a partner app was supposed to get 25 fishbucks for doing so.
lentwentytwo ratingone never got the credit and when i sent an email they took 25 of the fish bucks i already had on my account.
lensix ratingone give me back my fish bucks.
lenseventeen ratingone also fish are so much smaller on my new galaxys3 than they were on my smaller old phone.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfour ratingfive good game, nice fishies.
lensix ratingfive one problem: my fish keep dying.
lensix ratingfive thirteen tanks dead- just like that.
lenseven ratingfive besides dead fishies, lots of prettie fishies.
lenfour ratingfive prettie when not dead.
leneighteen ratingfive and i did some of the things it said to get free fishbucks, but i still have zero.
leneleven ratingfive and i don't get why most fishies are so expensive.
lenthree ratingfive kids love it
lensix ratingfour keeps me busy but, ilove it
lenthirtytwo ratingthree love the game love the fish pretty good tech support just wish you didn't need fish bucks to complete missions or just make the fish like 1 or 2 fish bucks rather than 20+.
leneight ratingfour love the game have a ton of coins.
lenfive ratingfour unfortunately everything now costs bucks
lentwentynine ratingone good for whats its worth.needs to speed up breeding of fish...three days is way to long.what is up with bubble tip on update its nerve racking.
lenthree ratingtwo what the heck!!??
lenfifteen ratingtwo i definitely miss the older version of tap fish... when it never froze my phone
lenthree ratingfive great casual game!
lenfive ratingfive great way to kill time
lennine ratingfour i had tapfish on my iphone and loved it.
lenthirteen ratingfour when i switched to galaxy s3, it was one of the first apps downloaded.
leneight ratingfour still very enjoyable and i keep playing it.
lenfour ratingfive this game is tight
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenthree ratingfive its amazingly perfect
lenfortytwo ratingfive i don't have like the idea of having to buy fish bucks for real money ey to get most of the fish a d do most of the challenges but they are helpful if there is something wrong with your game
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting.
lentwelve ratingfive the more fish you see and buy, the more addicting it gets
leneight ratingtwo the christmas background and ornament prices are ridiculous!
lentwentynine ratingtwo i mean, who in their right mind would pay that much for a seasonal background or an ornament that is only going to be used for a short time?
lentwenty ratingtwo the forcing close problem is really getting frustrating and i'm still upset that it costed me over 3 million coins!
lenfour ratingfive great game and addicting
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lennine ratingfive only thing is, i wish the backgrounds were better.
leneight ratingfive they're low quality on my phone (galaxy s2).
lenthirteen ratingfive and this is the only game that i wish would message me more.
leneleven ratingfive i'd like to know when my fish are grown up!
lenfive ratingfive otherwise, i love the game.
lenforty ratingfour i got a new phone and    now i cannot get back into the game that i have   spent so much money on i have been well over $1000.00 and it's a shame to lose everything that i just built up..
lenfive ratingfive super addictive ...love this app
lenfour ratingfive great little time waster!
lenten ratingtwo i wish you could get a xmas scene without bucks.
lenthirteen ratingtwo i'm sure i'm not the only one that would like one.
lensixteen ratingfive love playing this i was able to make a tank almost likely real one very fun
lennine ratingfive love this game play it every day no problem
lenfour ratingfive great game...love it!
lenfifteen ratingfive it was so so sooo awesome and so cool to get on i dont now
lenfive ratingfive this game is very addictive.
lenthree ratingfive i love it.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lennine ratingfive love it it's your fish in your phone:)
lenone ratingfive addictive.
lenthree ratingfive so much fun!
lenfour ratingfive i like lots yo!
lentwentyfive ratingone this game would fun if you didn't have to use your own money to buy fish bucks to get the really cool features/items.
lenseven ratingone earning fish bucks is next to impossible.
lenfive ratingone 1 fish buck per level up??
lenfour ratingone give me a break!!
lenseven ratingfive its  the best game i ever played <3.
lenfive ratingfive love fishes and fish tank!!
leneleven ratingfive i recommend this game to anyone with children that love fish!!
lentwenty ratingone i love this game but till you can get more christmas events and fish for coins you are getting 1 star
lensix ratingfive this is the best game ever!!!!!
lentwentyseven ratingfive the only problem is that i play it so much i do not get any work done and i run my phone battery out all the time.
lenseventeen ratingthree i really enjoy breeding and collecting fish very easy to use my daughter enjoy it as well
lenthree ratingfive cool like it
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lentwo ratingfive favorite game
lenseven ratingfive just be careful of your credit info.
lenthirteen ratingfour dajoun great game, but please fix the force close on android 2.0 and higher.
lenthirteen ratingfour it becomes a little annoying at times when trying to maintain my fish.
lensix ratingfive amazing in love compleatly.  :') good game
lenfour ratingfive i love this app ?
leneleven ratingthree it was fun for a while, then it got old fast.
lenone ratingthree uninstalled
lentwentysix ratingfour i want to be able to earn more bucks for free and actually get without having to email the ppl who trouble shoot for the game.
lenten ratingfour other than that it is fun and keeps me busy
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great app
lensixteen ratingfive my daughter loves this game, and i also enjoy feeding her fish while she is away :-)
lentwentythree ratingfour it's great other then the glitches and when i get a new phone i cant get my game data to switch over.
lentwentythree ratingfour good and fun but if u acedentally press something for sail it makes u buy it but is totaly free and not glitchy
lenfour ratingthree slow paced but interesting
leneleven ratingfive dis gme blowed mi mind cant gt no btta den dis !
lenone ratingfive 100% fun
lenfourteen ratingfive tap fish is really good it shows you how to look after a fish.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is awesome but the fish buck crap suck that you have to buy them
lentwo ratingfive nice game...
lenthree ratingfour enjoying tap fish.
lenseven ratingfour very relaxing to hear the water bubbling.
lennine ratingfour only takes a few minutes and you're done.
lentwentyeight ratingfour update-after installing tap ranch to earn free fish bucks and have another game to try..i haven't been able to open tap fish to resume playing :-/
lentwo ratingfive beautiful colors.
lentwo ratingfive love it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this app ;)
lenfour ratingfour really cool, and fun..
lenthirteen ratingfour would give it 5 stars if it had more things to do overall great!
lenfour ratingfive good game for timepass.
lensixteen ratingfive i love it but wish there was mini games you could play to win fish bucks
leneight ratingfive i like tapfish, its like an updated tamagatchi!
lenone ratingfive woooo!
lenfour ratingfour i love this gamw
lensix ratingfour this game is so incredibly addictive.
lentwelve ratingfour i just wish i could afford more fish without paying actual money
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive i need more fishbucks please
lenfive ratingtwo aren't the screenshots pretty?
lenfourteen ratingtwo well, don't expect the game is gonna look like this on a tablet!!!
lenten ratingtwo its awfully pixelly on a bigger screen than a cell.
lennineteen ratingtwo but even if the graphics look better on a phone, the animations are still not worth mentioning at all.
lenfifteen ratingtwo the game play is kinda ok but fish adventure is still the way better game!!!!!
lenseven ratingthree like game but closes all the time
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive great app!
lenfive ratingfour four stars fun to play
lenten ratingfive it feels like if i really have a fish tank....
lenseven ratingfour joy fun to see the fish grow
lenfour ratingfive like meth but better
leneighteen ratingfive the fish are beautiful and its a great game for people who cant actually keep a fish tank!
lenseventeen ratingfive my grandkids play this all the time they love it and they are learning to be responsible.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lentwo ratingfive excelent game
lenfourteen ratingthree sometimes force closes/moves very slow, but for the most part a good game
lenthree ratingfive passes the time
lentwo ratingfive good game.
lenone ratingfive realistic
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour good time passer
leneight ratingfour the new decorations just hide behind the tree?
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfourteen ratingone unbelievable that you can't do much without spending the money to do more.
lensixteen ratingone my phone crashed and the creators refused to reimburse me what i spent in fish bucks.
lensix ratingone pity, this game is fun otherwise.
lentwo ratingfive love it
lenthree ratingfour fun game, addicing.
lenthirteen ratingfour wish you could earn more fish bucks for free instead of buying them.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenthree ratingfive love love love
lentwelve ratingfive good way to waste some time and fun at the same time.
leneight ratingfive its a cute app and i like it.
lenfour ratingfive i recommend getting it.
lenseven ratingfour fun, makes me miss my old fishtank!
lenthree ratingfive awesome very addictive
lentwentyfive ratingfive great g@me but there still needs ro be a process where fish buck($) can be converted to coin($) (vise-versa) but its great app;-)
lenfive ratingfive tap fish is the greatest
leneleven ratingfive i ab love this ap so many fun things to do.
lennineteen ratingfive i only wish you could speed up breeding labs faster earn more fish bucks and have more free quests!!!
lenfour ratingfive addictive and soooo fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive i love it every time i can get on i play it
lentwentyone ratingfive amaizing fish game... like a real fish... make us get up in the morning n cleaning the aquarium... must have game..!!
lenfive ratingfive o:-) :-p ;-) :-)  i <3  tap fish!!!!!!!!!
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lennine ratingfive love it keeps me occupied fru owt da day.
lenthirteen ratingfive n love how u can set ure tank as ure live wall paper .
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyone ratingone i like tapfish, i just don't like it asking me every 10-15 minutes if i want to rate it with 5 stars.
lentwentytwo ratingone if i wanted to give it 5 stars, i would have, but i've lowered my rating cause it bugs me so much!
lenfive ratingfive good way too kill time ...
lenthree ratingfour addicting and fun.
lenthirtyone ratingfour its fun and addictive but the fish bucks and coins issue i really wish i could make more easily but if i could what would be the object of the game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwentyone ratingfive it may not be real fish but i can't help but feel sad every time i sell one of them
lentwo ratingfive great game
lennine ratingfive i love breeding the fish....its a beautiful game...
lensix ratingthree needs to make breedin time shorter..
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lensix ratingfour i enjoy every moment on it!
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome app
lenseven ratingfour great app when it doesn't freeze.
lenten ratingfour needs more breedable fish that don't require fish bucks.
lenthree ratingfive nice and relaxing.
lenfifteen ratingfive i haven't spent a dime and so far it has been worth every cent!
lenthree ratingthree really interesting fish.
leneight ratingthree im still having a problem getting fish bucks.
lenseven ratingthree im in great need of fish bucks!
lentwo ratingthree please help!
lenthree ratingfive excellent time killer.
lenfifteen ratingfive workz great on zte warp sequent ive had tha game for 2 weeks no problemz yet
leneight ratingfive this is a really great game for children!!
lennine ratingfive i've always loved playing aquarium type games online.
lenseventeen ratingfive i am very pleased with tap fish and recommend it to anyone who likes games like this.
lenseventeen ratingfive it's a lot of fun, and i don't waste my entire day tweaking on it.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i just check it very few hours to feed them, clean their tank, etc. but it's also fun to do the challenges that can earn coins, xp, etc. great app! :)
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting.
lentwelve ratingfive the more fish you see and buy, the more addicting it gets
lenfive ratingfour no money needed to compete
lenthree ratingfive i love it.
lenseven ratingfive much easier than a real fish tank!
lenthree ratingfive i love tapfish!!!!
lentwenty ratingfive after having some minor difficulty with a purchase through the app, i received prompt and courteous service from gameview studios.
leneight ratingfive they helped me right out, with no problems!
lennine ratingfive they definitely know how to properly treat their customers!
lenone ratingfive kudos!
lenthirteen ratingfour not easy to remember everyday, but sort of addictive once you get started.
lenthree ratingthree love this game
lenfour ratingfive excellent game very fun
lentwentyeight ratingfive best game ever i only wish i could transfer my tank from my old phone to my new phone so that i wouldn't have to start over.
lennine ratingfive this game is the best game on the planet
lensix ratingfive best aquarium game i've seen.
lenfive ratingfive large selection of fish types
lentwo ratingfive excellent game.
lenseven ratingfive fun needs more ways to win prizes.
lentwo ratingfive cheaper fish
lenthirtyeight ratingfive i love this game it is very interesting and it is fun it is like having your own fish and being able to take care of them and there are fish that you would never think of it
leneleven ratingfive sometimes i like tap fish and then sometimes i hate it.
lentwentyfive ratingfive but some people may like it and some people may not like it.but some people probaby like it and some may not like it.
lentwenty ratingfive so far i am really having a good time with this game and my kids also love it as well!
lenthree ratingfour what a suprise.
lenten ratingfour the christmas stuff is exacty the same as last year.
lennine ratingfour eccept the new high priced items that cost fishbucks.
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive nice game.... m enjoying
lentwentysix ratingtwo everytime i go to a neighbors and collect money when i go to my tank all the money collected goes so idk wtf that's about
lenfour ratingfour hours of fish fun.
leneight ratingfour i like the events played in the game.
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun.
leneight ratingfive this is freaky rest game i.ever play
lensix ratingfive aaahh its taking over my life.
lenfour ratingfive great game, really addictive!
lentwentyone ratingfive i love this game it is entertaining and its fun and has exotic and litteraly out of this world fish lol
lenfifteen ratingfour i love tapfish but only wish you could earn fish bucks easier and more often.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenone ratingone gay!
lensix ratingone just a scam to get money.
lenseventeen ratingone it's bullshit that you should have yo buy fish bucks and you can't earn them ..
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenfour ratingfive great fun and easy
lenthirteen ratingthree love tapfish but i hate all the force close that keeps popping up.
lenseven ratingthree i have send report to no avail.
lenfour ratingfour its a cute game
lennine ratingfive great game to your babies cousins nieces or nephews.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive kids love it, and instead of having live fish and having to hand wash their tank all you have to do is run your fingers across the.screen to clean the take.
lensix ratingfive also dont have to spend money
lenthree ratingfour i love it!
lentwentytwo ratingfour though, i hate how you have to pay for more fish bucks and how many items cost a lot of fish bucks.
lenfive ratingfive awesome customer service if needed...
lenseventeen ratingfour it would be better if there were more fish you didn't have to  buy with fishbucks.
lentwelve ratingfour and more ways to earn fishbucks without buying them with real money
lenfour ratingfive very fun n chanleging 5 *
lenfourteen ratingfive love it but needs some bugs fixed then it would be da best game
lentwo ratingfive feels real
lennine ratingfive been looking for something like this for awhile now.
lenthree ratingfour i like it.
lentwentyfive ratingfour it's a fun game that kills time the only problem is that you can't change what kind of fish you want to breed
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive breeding new kinds of fish keeps it interesting.
lenthirteen ratingfive my son has his own tank and takes care of his fish too.
lensix ratingfive he loves checking on his fish.
lenten ratingfive i been using it for awhile and i love it
leneight ratingfive it rocks i can't stop playing it
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
lenten ratingfive its cute and a wonderful variety of fish to collect!
lenthree ratingfive great time killer!!
lenseventeen ratingfour this game is really fun exept the part when everything is slow or it takes too long:-\
lennine ratingfive i like it and its easy for my daughter
lentwenty ratingfive i like the game, but i get my notification for my daily free spin and i get charged for it.
lenseven ratingfive other than that i like the game.
lenten ratingfour game is cool when your bored at work out school....
lensixteen ratingfive brilliant game love it sooooo much just a shame thay you dont get more fish buck
lenfourteen ratingfive great game but i can't get fish bucks much help me with that
lenfive ratingfive its really fun and addicting.
lentwo ratingfour fun easy
lentwo ratingfive great fun
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfour ratingfive i like the breeding.
lenfour ratingfive all fishies must swim
lennine ratingfour its a great game but it crashes a lot
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lenthree ratingthree love this game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenfour ratingfour freeze sometimes but cool.
lennine ratingfour its peaceful and i enjoy it on down time.
leneight ratingfour fish bucks should be more for the money
lenseven ratingfive great game keep up the good work :-)
lentwo ratingfive time killer.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenfive ratingfive i get on it everyday.
lenfour ratingfive very fun and addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenthirteen ratingfive my son has his own tank and takes care of his fish too.
lensix ratingfive he loves checking on his fish.
lenfourteen ratingfive great game but i can't get fish bucks much help me with that
lenthree ratingfive cool addicting game
lenseven ratingfive this game is awlsome and the best
lenfour ratingfive its a great game
leneight ratingtwo sorry, love it but it crashes my phone
lennine ratingfive i love this to pass the time e away.
lenseventysix ratingtwo free app but you still have to come out of your pockets to much to play maybe if you can win more than 5 fish bucks that would be great oh and spin too win is full of ish wasted more than 200 fish bucks for 2 fish that r only going to b on the wheel till tomorrow i think i'm going to get rid of this game what a rip off can i get a refund
lenten ratingfour the christmas stuff is exacty the same as last year.
lennine ratingfour eccept the new high priced items that cost fishbucks.
lenfour ratingtwo i love this game.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenone ratingfive awesome!!!!
lentwentyone ratingfive the event for christmas touched my heart, and the polar bear fish made my christmas the happiest i've ever had:)!!
lensixteen ratingfive love it play it everyday and my son has his own tank he enjoys it also
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfour ratingfour practising mode is here
lenfive ratingfour cs helpful transferring game data.
lensix ratingfour will play couple days and update.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
lenthree ratingfour pretty good stuff.
lenfive ratingfive i love it so addictive
lenthree ratingthree love the game
leneight ratingfive this game is great way to pass time.
lenfourteen ratingfive theirs alot of fish to choose from and alot of interesting things to do.
lennineteen ratingfive nice app for people that can have pet in the house this is a good game to be intertane
lenseven ratingfour takes to long to get expensive fish
leneight ratingfive i actually have fish that wont die lol
lenfive ratingfive greattt for my little brother.
lenthree ratingfive he loves it
lenfour ratingfive game its really fun.
lentwo ratingfive amazing game.
lenfour ratingfive i cant stop playing.
lenthree ratingfive omg extremely addicting
lenthree ratingfive fun time killer
lentwo ratingfour tab fish
lensix ratingfive good game but bugs spoil it.
lennine ratingfive something to play for a short time every day
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lenfive ratingfive fun game to pass time
lenthree ratingfour fun fun fun
lenthirteen ratingfive this application is good-looking and also good game to pass thyme with
lenfive ratingfive yulia i like the game.
lentwelve ratingfive its just i ain't willing to spend money for fish money
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive when there are problems they are addressed.
lennineteen ratingfour only issue is it crashes once on startup each time, but not a huge issue... running on galaxy note 2
lensix ratingfive great for my nicec amd nephew.
lenfive ratingfive also, time wasting for myself.
lentwentysix ratingfive i understand the need for a limit for the maximum number of fish per tank, but it is really annoying that there is a 25 species limit.
leneighteen ratingfive however, it is even more annoying and absolutely pointless to limit the number of decorations per tank to 12.
lentwentythree ratingfive i cannot think of a single reason why this limit is in place and the app would be much more enjoyable without it.
lenthirteen ratingfive other than that, this is my favorite app and i absolutely love it!
lenfour ratingfive like the new upgrades
lenfour ratingfive this game is addi
lenthirteen ratingtwo think it's stupid u have to buy so many of the fish
lentwo ratingfive very addicting!
lentwenty ratingfive only drawback is how long it takes to breed and not getting enough fish bucks or coins without buying them!
lensix ratingfive needs to make breedin time shorter..
lentwo ratingfive kool game
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenten ratingfive you can retrieve your old game when you switch phones.
lensixteen ratingfive all you have to do is email the creators & tell them you need to switch devices.
lentwentytwo ratingfive they will need a certain number from your old phone & your new one, but they will let you know what it is.
lennineteen ratingfive most of my fish died in the process, so they gave me 2 fish bucks to revive both my tanks.
leneight ratingfive love this game and play it every day!!
lensix ratingfour fun way to pass the time.
lenthree ratingfour overall good game.
lensix ratingfour much better ap than the competition.
lenten ratingfour the colors are vivid, tanks can have many different themes.
leneight ratingfour i like the events(need more of them).
lenten ratingfour wish there were more ways to earn free fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingfour wish some of the better decorations and fish could be purchased with coins.
lentwelve ratingfive i love this game.now.i have .my son all into it
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive yay free fish bucks
lenfour ratingfive tap fish nice game
lentwelve ratingfive love this game.only wish more fish could be purchased with coins
lennine ratingthree best game ever exept uses internet and its slow
lenfifteen ratingthree oops...didn't realize when i downloaded that it would be such an addictive game.
lenthirteen ratingthree still doubt think you should have to pay to play a free game.
lentwo ratingfive excellent  game.
lentwelve ratingfive you have to try tap fish my daughter goes nuts about it
lenthree ratingfive great fun app
lenfive ratingfive fun...slow paced...requires patience!
lentwenty ratingfive i play very few games, but i can't stop myself from checking on my fish each and every day.
lentwentythree ratingthree because how many other people are having this problem too... yes these events are fun to do but when they are working properly...
lenone ratingfive awsome.
lenthree ratingfive i love it
lentwo ratingfive amazing game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is spectacular
lenfive ratingthree the game itself is great.
lensixteen ratingthree the company however is a rip off because you have to keep spending money on fishbucks.
lentwentytwo ratingthree if i had that kind of money i would just pay a game designer to create me a game i can play.
lenthirteen ratingthree there should be an option for buying fishbucks with the coins you earn.
lenseven ratingthree 4 or 500,000 coins or 1fishbuck seems reasonable to me..
lenfour ratingthree dont waste your money.
lenfour ratingthree it isnt worth it.
lentwo ratingfive love it.
lenten ratingfive just wish you could get free fish bucks more often.
lenfive ratingfive love da game great idea!
lentwentyfive ratingfive it is very good because you can understand how to take care of fish from this game but the prices of everything is to high
lensix ratingfive great game make more like this
lennine ratingfive awesome i love the events that happen in tapfish
lenthree ratingfour kids live it.
leneleven ratingfour great game to use when in car or out at appointments.
lenfive ratingfour cs helpful transferring game data.
lenfour ratingfive this game is spectacular
lenthree ratingfour keeps geting better
lenfive ratingfive i really like this game
lensix ratingfour i still enjoy this app alot.
leneight ratingfour before spending time and $, read the terms ppl!
lenseven ratingfour so, understand the game and gameview terms.
leneight ratingfour though, it takes time to build an empire.
lentwentyfive ratingfour it can be an addicting app, i had for more than year but, it has lots issues for a popular app comes with the territory.
lenten ratingfour it takes time to build the game to serve u!
lennine ratingfive i love tap fish it's the best o:-)
lenfive ratingfive awesome have to get it!
lenfifteen ratingfive it is a cool game with fishs like you have real fish really god game.
lenthree ratingfive extremely addictive game!!
lenfour ratingfive slow but fun game
lenseven ratingfive a good game if you love fish
lenfour ratingfour fishbucks hard to get
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenfour ratingfive great game, very cute.
lenfour ratingfive cool game i guess!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingfive !will work for fish bucks!
lenseventeen ratingfive my grandkids play this all the time they love it and they are learning to be responsible.
lenfive ratingfive just did this for fishbucks!
lenone ratingfive xd
lentwo ratingfour great game
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is absolutely fabulous, if yu like virtual games and fish , yu will love this game.
lenfour ratingfive great game so addicting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwentyone ratingtwo i've been a long time player of this app,  the longer i play it now the more i get discouraged.
lenten ratingtwo it force closes a lot and runs slower then ever.
lenseven ratingtwo i hope in 2013 they fix these problems.
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game!i get to have a fish, even though my real one died.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
leneight ratingfour my daughter loves taking care of the fish!
lenfifteen ratingfive i love this app it makes me feel like i have my own fish bowl
lenfive ratingfive like a little too much!
lenfourteen ratingthree i left my fish for 1 day and now i have 18 tanks of dead fish!
lennine ratingthree why can't they survive for 1 day without me?
lenfive ratingfive i absolutely love this game.
lenseventeen ratingfive it is great for my son because its easy and i dont have any problems with it.
lenseven ratingfour this game is addictive and awesome fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensix ratingfour wish you could earn more fishbucks!
leneleven ratingfive if you play ha on facebook you'll love tap fish.
lenten ratingone game has increased in cost to play in last year.
lenfourteen ratingone company has changed focus to figuring out how to make more profit from players.
lentwo ratingone so sad.
lenseven ratingfive really good game but it takes patience
leneighteen ratingfive living in an apartment and not being able to have a fish tank this app makes it easy
lenthirteen ratingfive it keeps me occupied and great way to have pets and relaxed responsibilities
lenfour ratingfour i love tap fish
lenfour ratingfour i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwelve ratingfive this is a very good game if you dont have any pets
lenthirteen ratingfive a person/gamer needs to be able to convert coins into fish bucks.
lennine ratingfive there's a certain point where u get stuck.
lenten ratingfive but creative and wonderful views of your own fish tanks!
lenfour ratingfive time = tons of fun.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lensix ratingfive this is a realy fun game
leneight ratingthree love the game, but its got problems loading.
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
lenseven ratingfive great game my son loves the fish
lenseven ratingfour fun, makes me miss my old fishtank!
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lentwo ratingfive awsome game
lennineteen ratingthree i have learned that the fish actually flat at the top of the tank dead until they are revived.
leneight ratingfive dont change anything....except maybe extra "fish bucks"
lenfour ratingfive when you level up..
lensix ratingfive i like to play tap fish
lentwo ratingfive spongebob grunting
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive loaded fast....easy to use...fun to play.
lentwo ratingfour great app.
lensix ratingfour need more ways to get funds.
lensixteen ratingone bought fish buck and never got them 20.00 worth now have to call bank to fight it
lensixteen ratingone when i go to breed fish it force closes on my htc one v please fix
leneighteen ratingfour when ever i try to breed mystery fish it always tells me i haven't any to breed.
lenten ratingfour i keep buying mystery fish but it just wont work.
lenfive ratingfour otherwise its a great game.
lenfive ratingfive zing amazing xool cool awsome
lentwentyfour ratingone bought fish buck and never got them 20.00 worth now have to call bank to fight it stop deleteing my post and refund my money!!!!
leneight ratingfour great fun, but needs fish easier to get!
lentwentyone ratingone all my fish went missing, my breeding tanks say i have fish ready but no fish inside of them... please fix  :-(
lentwentythree ratingthree after the last update, it will not let me breed my normal breedables because the breed and cancel buttons won't show up.
lenthree ratingthree fix this asap!!!!
leneleven ratingone most of my fish have disapered since i have updated it
lenfifteen ratingfive just taken a load off fish off me snd won't let me breed fish
leneight ratingone all bred fish are missing from tanks (350+ fish).
lennine ratingone breeding tanks won't work and graphics are missing.
lenfifteen ratingone past event (christmas) is still present with an error if you try to open it.
lentwentyfive ratingfour your update has taking most of my fish off my game and it won't let me bread anymore you best sort the job out!!
lensix ratingfive nice game if you like fish.
lennine ratingfour i should have +20 fish bucks, but instead i have -78.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lensix ratingfive fun game good for all ages!!
leneleven ratingfive very cool game makes you feel you have a real tank.
lenthree ratingfive daughter loves it
lenfour ratingfive its easy to play.
lenthirteen ratingfive i can't get my love over 91... even when i purchase different items...
lentwenty ratingfive if u love to have fishes in a tank this is the perfect game to help take care ur pet
lentwo ratingfour great game!
lenfour ratingfive i love tap fish
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwentyone ratingfive it is a really great game for kids to play to have fun and have a little  aquarium on your phone
lenthree ratingfive add me please.
lenone ratingfive greeneyes1708,purplelife.
lentwo ratingfive play everyday
lenfour ratingfour really addicting great game !
lenthree ratingthree helps pass time
lenseven ratingfour fun game my lil girl loves it.
lensix ratingfour fish tank without the real hassel.
leneight ratingfive don't be a hater it's awesome
lenthree ratingfive love it need.
lenone ratingfive more.
lenthree ratingfive coin fish lower.
lennine ratingfive great fun really enjoy taking care of these fish
lenseventeen ratingfour its lags a little and some of the fish cost alot but overall its a good game
lenthirteen ratingtwo i got tired of never earning any, so i just deleted the game.
lenthirteen ratingfive i am a fish lover but hate fooling with a real fish tank!
lensix ratingfive so this is perfact for me!
lentwentythree ratingfive beautiful fish, i love shopping in the store for all your tank basic needs, from wide selection of fish, to your tank decorations!!!
lennine ratingfive my favorite pets without the mess or hassel  :-p
lenthree ratingfive free fish bucks
lentwo ratingfive itz fun
lennineteen ratingfive i like this game, it will be better if there is a way to share gifts with social friends.
lenseven ratingfive so zen so colorfull i njoy it
lentwo ratingfour cool game
lentwentyfour ratingthree epic game ever but give ways to get more fish bucks easier :) also, make prices lower i had 4 stars and i lowered it to 3.
lentwentyone ratingthree because you guys are making more fish prices higher and higher like 100000 what is that were not buying that much money!
leneleven ratingfour good game... some force close and slowdown from time to time
lenfive ratingthree i really like tap fish.
leneight ratingthree and i've been playing a long time.
lensixteen ratingthree but my issue is to be able to move my tanks from my old phone to.
lenseven ratingthree the new one....and coins for bucks!!
lenthree ratingthree visit my tanks "fishfanzy1116"
lentwentyone ratingthree please help me move tanks to my new phone...was at level 36 with 29 tanks and now back to level 4 with 3 tanks!
lenseven ratingthree and lost alot of great fish too!!
lenone ratingthree help!!!
leneight ratingthree 5 stars if i could get help on this!!!
lenseven ratingfive fun game tapfish is a great game
lensix ratingfive tap fish is an amazing game.
lenfour ratingfive it is sooo addicting
lentwentytwo ratingfour love this game but i cant open any of my neignblr tanks keeps sayi.g cant open server or someghing like that
lensixteen ratingfive really fun and addicting so glad they give you fish bucks when you complete a level.
lenfour ratingfive this game is excellent!
lentwo ratingfour fun game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive i love collecting fish and decorations!
lenthree ratingfive awesome fun game
lenseven ratingthree its good but never connects to server
lenthree ratingfour love this game.
lentwelve ratingfour wish i could have got all my fish i use to have.
leneight ratingfour i had to change cell phone and number.
leneleven ratingfour i like the game but wish the fish could not die.
lenseventeen ratingfour sometimes i can't get the internet and the will die if not fed once a day.
lenthree ratingfive great game, addicting
lennineteen ratingfive ad d me i'm new plz add i want and need freindz i just have 2 freindz plz add!
leneleven ratingfive its fun and enjoyable it feels like u have real fish
lennine ratingfive absolutely love it and will get all the upgrades.
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive!
lennine ratingfour pretty good but limited playability without in-app purchases.
lenseven ratingfive very entertaining and enjoyable love this game.
lenfive ratingfive grab em while u can
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive im hooked
lenten ratingtwo why am i starting the new years fish event today???
lentwo ratingfive favorite app
lenten ratingfive i like all the cool fish thats on this game
lenfive ratingthree takes a lot of money.
lenfive ratingthree all the cool fish cost.
lenfour ratingthree extra breeding tanks, too.
lenthirtyfive ratingfive this app is a cool app, you can make will breed fish and the fish will turn out to be a mystery fish, ones you never see in the ocean or anywhere just this app
leneighteen ratingthree i would give a 5 star, but not until tapfish makes it easier to buy products from the store.
lentwentyfour ratingthree it would be nice if we could purchase more than one item at a time, rather than going back and forth for same item.
lensix ratingthree more trouble than it's worth.
lennine ratingfive she loveswatching the fish swim and the different kinds
lentwenty ratingfive its a fun game..its you a chance to be a creative and not spend real money while doing so
lensix ratingfive this is such a great game
lenthree ratingfive lucid...love it!
lenfour ratingfive awesome,cool and fishy
lenthree ratingfive a great game
lenfive ratingfour it's good time waster
lensix ratingfive i enjoy the breeding and events.
lennine ratingfour should be easier ways to get free fish bucks..
lenfive ratingone addictive to say the least.
lensix ratingone can't hardly put it down!
lentwenty ratingfour i can't afford a fish tank on my own right now, so i've made a few virtual ones! :)
leneight ratingfour it's difficult to get fish bucks though....
lentwelve ratingfour it would be more fun if some fish weren't so expensive!
lennine ratingfour or if it was easier to get fish bucks!
lentwo ratingfive love it!!
lenthree ratingfive updates are wonderful
lenthree ratingfive love this app
leneight ratingfour althought they need to give out more fishbucks