lenthirteen ratingfour the only thing i frown on is the most stuff cost fish bucks.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo when ever i try to breed, the fish are there but whenever i tap on them it only gives me one to breed when there are several there.
lennine ratingtwo i can't visit any of my neighbor tanks....
lentwentytwo ratingfour i think you shuld make a place where you can change fish mony into fish buks and fish buks into fish mony.
leneleven ratingone then after that update it wunt let me play the missions.
lenfifteen ratingtwo after this last event i can't breed and i lost a lot of fish.
lenseventeen ratingthree after this latest update three tanks of fish are missing an i can no longer breed fish.
lentwentyone ratingone when i went to play and i had my breeding tank  ready to put the fish in tank they was gone .
lennine ratingfour just wish events were easier to make your goals.
lenfourteen ratingthree some of the fish too expensive to buy but overly i adore this game.
lenfortynine ratingfour or such things it does make things go by a little bit faster breeding does take a little too long i think right now i'm waiting 2 days that's a bit long and i'm not spending money sorry i have a baby that needs my money first.
lenseven ratingfive wish fish bucks were easier to get.
lennineteen ratingfive i had one issue where i had to delete my second tank but other than that its been awesome
lenthirteen ratingfour its not excellent because its hard to get money and still have fish.
lentwelve ratingfour epic game ever but give ways to get more fish bucks easier :)
lenfour ratingfour also, make prices lower
lenthirtyfive ratingfour love it wish the tanks were a little cheaper and wish they would have more ways to earn fish bucks instead of having to pay once they do that it will be a 5 star app
lennine ratingone it takes forever to level up on this game.
lennineteen ratingfour i play on my ipod and would really like to be able to transfer my game to my android.
lentwelve ratingfive but why is it so slow and small on my motorola atrix..
lenfourteen ratingone i purchased 2 20 fish bucks packages in the last couple weeks and neither showed up.
lentwentyeight ratingfour was fun, but, the new bubble is ridiculous, and when i went to.buy one fish, i couldn't make it stop until i had no more bucks.
leneighteen ratingfour i just wish it didn't freeze so much and there was an easier way to get coins
lenseven ratingone beginner game started up & will not restore.
lenthirteen ratingfive i have did the earn free bucks and have not received any thing
leneleven ratingone per tapfish "somehow my tapfish went corrupt & start the game over".
lentwentynine ratingfive apart from it popping up telling me to leave 5*s all the time its a good game, wish there was more things to do without paying real money though..
lentwentyfive ratingfive it could be little better if there is a way to cash in coins for bucks  or at least easy way to get free bucks ...
lenfiftyone ratingfive okay here's another idea space theme astronaut fish and it makes aliens a spaceship decoration and planets and space backgrounds and space decorations and meteor shower that moves and a moon that turns or the earth mini solar system for a reward and rockets and moon rovers and flying saucers.
lennine ratingfour there should be more events once one is over.
lennine ratingfive good game but it can be slow at progressing
lenten ratingthree i lost everything that i spent over a year doing.
lenseventeen ratingthree its a brilliant game until it starts freezing and forcing close but the kids do love it.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i luv this game but it takes days to hatch most eggs and u have to spend money to complete tasks, but it is a free game, ppl have 2 make money!
lentwentyfour ratingthree it would be nice if we could purchase more than one item at a time, rather than going back and forth for same item.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it never fetches data from server cant able to play it till now...:(
lenthirty ratingfive i really like the game but am disapointed that most of the objects you need or want to buy must be bought with fish bucks other than that grea game
leneight ratingfive wish there were more fish bucks rewards though.
leneight ratingthree good game overall but eats memory so far
lenfive ratingfour good game but crashes alot
lenthirtyeight ratingfour breeding takes to long and more breeding tanks cost too much but this is a great game i'm 35 and all my kids love it from 5 ye old to 7, 11,and 15 ye old ty for a fun addictive game!
lenthirteen ratingtwo can't play for more than a few minutes before it force closes.
leneleven ratingone per tapfish "somehow my tapfish went corrupt & start the game over".
leneight ratingone always hangs and consumes a lot of memory..
lentwo ratingfive add tadpoles!! :)
lensixteen ratingfour i have more then ten of all 4 frog breads why cant i claim the 7th collection item?
lenthirtyfour ratingthree i have 2 limited breedable fish and when i try to breed them it is saying i don't have any limited breedable fish somebody please fix this so that i can breed my fish?
leneighteen ratingthree but for the last week every time i turn on the app, it freezes my touch screen up.
lenseventeen ratingtwo and all of the other fish cost fish bucks while its already so hard to get coins!
lenten ratingthree need 2 be able 2 get more things  easier like fish bucks...
lenten ratingthree uninstalled kept force closing on me and i lost everything..
lennineteen ratingthree i've played this on 2 phones now and i wish my old fish had followed from apple to android...
lentwentyfive ratingthree rebuilding my collection of fish is gonna be expensive,  wish it was possible to buy buck fish for higher coin prices or earn bucks easier.
lensix ratingfour bubble tips get on my nerves ...
lenfive ratingfour pop up to many times.
lentwentynine ratingone aware but no help - the bubble-pop event ended two months ago & i have 24 half-evolved fish-bubbles flashing-red & i can't pop, sell, kill or delete them.
lensixteen ratingone this game suckes don't install its a rip off this company just wants your money
leneleven ratingfour can there be a way to trade coins for bucks please!
lentwentyfive ratingone fish bucks are to hard to get and to buy the good breedable fish you have to use alot of your hard earned fish bucks
lenfortytwo ratingthree i was on level 12, then had to reset my phone to get a new phone, switched out my sd card, memory card, and battery (yes i saved data before removal) placed everything in my new phone, and it started from the beginning.
lenthirteen ratingfour having the same problem as everyone else, can't even access game now.
leneighteen ratingfour it's a bit slow sometimes on my metropcs optimus m, but could be my phone's fault.
lentwenty ratingfour works great on my tablet, my only issues with this game is the difficulty to earn coins and fish bucks.
leneighteen ratingfour we should be able to skip those even if we had to spend some coinage to do so.
leneleven ratingtwo i have gotten a data parsing error for the second time.
lenfive ratingfour runs a little slow sometimes.
lentwentyfive ratingthree actually five times to be exact when the submarine was filled to the max n several other times when i only had a few items.
lenthirteen ratingfive dont last long bucuz everything is so high to buy with fish bucks!!
lensix ratingfive breeding time should be shortened too.
lenfive ratingthree fun but shuts down frequently
lenfortyeight ratingfive would be five stars but the fish inch across the screen and it lags when i try to bring up a menu or anything but when i have a menu brought up the fish swim smoothly instead of inching but if the lag was fixed it would be 5stars!!!
lenfive ratingfour just started getting error messages.
lenseven ratingtwo the game constantly freezes and force closes.
leneighteen ratingfive and it would be nice if i could chat with a friend who is using an i phone.
lenthree ratingfive lower prices please
lentwentythree ratingfive but when i had to change phones i lost everything and couldn't remember my account cause i had it for so long.
lentwentyfour ratingfive well only one problem and its to hard to earn fish bucks ples fix it i love the game so i will give 5 stars
lentwentyseven ratingthree i love tha game but it started me all over twice & gave me fish bucks like that part but starting all over again i don't like
lentwelve ratingfour lots of fun to play but does crash sometimes on my droid 2
lenten ratingthree would like to be able to earn  more fish bucks!
lenfive ratingthree you get 1300 fish bucks for $100.
lentwentytwo ratingfour love the game, just wish you got more bucks to buy the more exotic fish as you are very ltd with coins
leneleven ratingfive wish it was cheaper and faster the backgrounds are too expensive!
lensixteen ratingfour would giv mre stars bt is always shutn phne dwn bc of phne temp gts 2 hot!
lennineteen ratingfour this is a great game but certain functions like cleaning the tank don't work well on a phone...
lentwentyfive ratingfour with a few adjustments like making it easier to get cash and coins as well as the cleaning problem this would be an amazing game
lennineteen ratingfour the only downside is that more than half the fish are only available thru in-game purchase of fishbucks.
lenthirteen ratingthree the fish cost to much and they made up half the fishes names
lenfifteen ratingfive i love the breeding events the best though, don't really like the submarine ones :/
lensixteen ratingthree its upsetting thoughwhen u get a new phone, there is no way to transfer the game.
lensix ratingfour also hard to earn fish bucks.
lenthirty ratingfive why does it stop working for no reason, on my motorola droid razr maxx, and now it wont connect me into the game, fix please, i love my fish game!!
lentwentyseven ratingfive still on daily bonus all i get is coins needs 2 b more fish bucks added and/or fish coins aren't doin me any good right now.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo get ffree fish with purchase of tank bucks is quite unfair to those of us who cant afford to spend $$ when new fish are avail for breeding.
lenseventeen ratingfive it would be a welcomed improvement to have the occasional reward of a fish buck or two.
leneleven ratingfour maybe its my phone bt the fish bucks needs more fixing.
lentwentythree ratingone then into the last 2 days my pearls were stolen or it would say i had two clams and then only let me buy 1.
lenfifteen ratingfive this is a five star game as long as the parsing error is really fixed.
lensix ratingfour needs 2 have easier ways 2 get fishbucks.
lenthree ratingfive keeps force closing
lenthirteen ratingthree bucks that it should be easier to win them in the events play.
lenfifteen ratingfour but needs to have a way to earn more fish bucks instead of buying them...
lentwelve ratingfour too limited options on pairing fish bought with fish bucks and coins.
lenthirtysix ratingfive this game is awesome only problem u have to pay 4 fish bucks i haven't used all mine yet but i am really low on them otherwise this game is great any1 who puts 1 star is crazy
lenthree ratingfour progress is slow.
lentwenty ratingfour gr8 app passes some time away but i dnt like every time i open the app i get a pop up
lentwentyseven ratingfour it is slower and the fish and decorations are smaller but tapfish keeps improving it so hopefully soon it is just as good as the iphone version.
leneight ratingfour last quest had a ridiculous amount of monsters
lenseven ratingfour crashes a lot but still worth it
lenfortyone ratingfour this game for me right now is a four star game, but if they lower the fish prices and if sometimes they would also give you fish bucks when you sell a fish, it will totally be a five start game!!:)
lentwentyfive ratingthree this sucks cause im at a low level and need to breed the neon tetra but can't get it cause it wont level up.
lenseventeen ratingone was working now the server wont connect and if it does it takes 5 mins to do so..
lenthirtythree ratingthree i have also lost lots of my fish bucks to revive my fish becos wen it force close i forget and where i left off, i come back, all my fish are dead.
lenfourteen ratingthree what happens to our app when one changes her phone, ie to another andriod?
lentwentytwo ratingone i worked so hard to level up and get my tanks only to get on this afternoon to find that everything reset.
lensixteen ratingfour would be nice to get more breedable fish without having to pay real cash for em.
lenten ratingfive i just wish it were easier to get fish bucks .....
lenthirteen ratingfive simply because all the cool stuff you can only get with fish bucks....
lentwelve ratingfive apparently there is a problem with the transactions going through or something.....
lenseven ratingfive but other than the fish bucks problem.....
lennine ratingfive love it best game ever other then sometimes slow
lentwentyone ratingthree i have an xmas event which i only got 3 xmas fish until the main breeding fish disappeared from my breeding tank.
lenseven ratingthree so now i cant play the event...
lennineteen ratingthree not only that i also played the  egyptian events and also found i couldnt claim my gifts from it...
leneight ratingthree i think these events need sorting out properly.
lennineteen ratingthree this game is ok needs better graphics, and people should be able to earn more fish bucks more easily.
lenten ratingthree now i have to get more bucks to revive them!
lentwentynine ratingthree it is a nice game for my 3 year old but it is very addictive and requires the purchase of fish bucks to really get any where in the game.
lensixteen ratingfour just wish it was easier to get fish bucks n some fish weren't so expensive
lensixteen ratingtwo great except the stupid fish bucks feature, that makes you either buy them or download apps.
lenfourteen ratingthree fun game glitches out lots and takes your fish bucks with out buying anything
lenten ratingthree i'd play more if it was a little cheaper.
lenthirteen ratingthree also that bubble needs to go, it interferes and gets in the way..
lentwentyfive ratingfive would be great if the makers of this game could come up with mini games to play in the game to get free fish bucks.
leneight ratingfive should have easier ways to earn fish bucks
lenseven ratingfive fun game fish are to expensive tho
leneight ratingthree good game some parts run aa lil slow..
lentwentyfour ratingthree best one out yet n love how i can set as wallpaper only if it would quit force close all the time would b 5 *
lenseventeen ratingfive with this game  but howcome i sale the with bucks only coins you need to upgrade it
lenfifteen ratingfour only thing that i don't like is that getting fish bucks is so hard.
lentwentyfour ratingfive the only thing i feel could use some improvement, are the few and far between chances you get to earn or win tapfish dollars.
lenseventeen ratingfive me personally,i would make it just a bit easier and not so random ,to win dollars.
lenfourteen ratingthree fun game glitches out lots and takes your fish bucks with out buying anything
lentwentyfive ratingfour why in the event that their is they dont give me what i collect i have to keep doing it all over in my cellphone
lentwelve ratingfive it's good but wish it was easier to get fish bucks
lenthirtyfour ratingfive i love this game i have been playing it for years, unfortunately i had to get a new phone so i lost everything i had before, but its still a great stress relief game
lentwentythree ratingfour i just wish the breading was a little faster and you didn't have to spend 12 fish bucks to speed up a breed!
lennine ratingfive just wish earning fish bucks wasn't so hard.
leneleven ratingfive just wish the thing on the bottom left corner would load.
lennine ratingfive ever since i updated the game it wont load.
lennine ratingthree just wish you could earn more fish bucks easier
lenfortynine ratingfive i've just completed the breeding event that gives the firework background on the new years event, but when i go to get it from the item store it doesn't say 0 coins like all the other event backgrounds, it's asking me for 70 odd fish bucks for it...
lenten ratingtwo it works some times but at times it very slow
leneight ratingfour wish you could convert coins to fish bucks.
lenfourteen ratingone i cant play the special events, so whats the point of playing at all.
lenthirteen ratingtwo game for closes tanks size much bigger can't fetch data and lags!!!!
leneleven ratingfive most of my fish have disapered since i have updated it
lensixteen ratingone most recent update has caused me to not be able to breed any of my fish.
lenseventeen ratingone i also lost the entire tank of the christmas fish that took me a week to breed!
lennineteen ratingtwo really liked this game, have for ages but i updated it and now i have lost 3/4 of my fish. :(
lensix ratingone i lost almost all my fish ?????????
lenfourteen ratingone as soon as the latest update was finished loading,half my fish were gone!
lentwentyfour ratingfour fun glitchy and game rips off your fishbucks from time to time also support doesn't refund them everytime they should but still fun
lenseventeen ratingfive wish it was easier to get more fish bucks or use coins to get the bettr fish.
leneight ratingfive i love tapfish but the bubble is anoying.
lennineteen ratingthree my only problem is that when i don't have internet for a few days all my fish die.
lentwelve ratingthree it would be awesome if you could save to an sd card
lenthirtyone ratingone this last update does not allow me to clean the tanks so all my tanks are at 65% happy. i gave made no changes to my tanks but the update caused this.
lenten ratingfour should lower fish prices or give more free fish bucks...
lenfortythree ratingtwo tried to buy frog egg in the event for coins and it chraged me fish bucks instead several times and can only restore twice isn't fair i worked hard for those fish bucks please fix 3 stars deducted will go to 5 when fixed
lentwenty ratingfive when i double tap on fish in event it wont she me how far my fish is from being complete
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have my tanks for two day and i like it so far, i'm waiting for more ways to make money...
leneight ratingone no doubt all my fish are dead too!!
lensixteen ratingthree its very irritating not to have enough fish bucks, you should allow us to earn it..
lenthirteen ratingthree fun game but if your phone dies you have to start from scratch.
lenthirtyone ratingfour the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is sometimes it refuses to start and i have to reboot my tablet to get it to work which can be annoying.
lenten ratingfive needs more ways to win fish cash but good game
lentwelve ratingthree please make available to exchange the money on game for fish bucks
lensixteen ratingtwo it's rather decent, but the animations/graphics are rather sloppy and breeding is very slow.
lenthirteen ratingtwo it's also hard to sort through the fish types in the shop.
lenthirtytwo ratingfive this game is great but when i set as wall paper i see half tank at my wall paper and blue at button i use htc inspire 4g but anyways i love it ^_^
leneight ratingfour too much stuff is bought with fish bucks.
lensix ratingfive slow play when you start out.
lenseventeen ratingthree fun game, been having hours of enjoyment but started to force close regularly which is very frustrating.
lennine ratingfour still wish prices w fish bucks werent so high.
lenten ratingfour i really like this game, but the rates are expensive.
leneleven ratingfour pretty and fun, great time killer but wears on the battery
leneighteen ratingfive pretty kool but i lost my name and tanks when i had to reset my tablet that sucks
lenseven ratingfour wish it was easier to get fishbucks.
lentwenty ratingtwo got a new phone and now everytime i play i have to re download the app or it wont let.
lenten ratingtwo im getting nowhere restoring to same spot over and over.
lenten ratingone i have just installed this game, straight away it crashed.
lensix ratingone rubbish it keeps crashing on me
lenfifteen ratingfive game love t so much fish bucks are a little high but its worth it
lenthree ratingthree always force closing
leneight ratingthree its koo but it gets stuck a lot!!
lenfourteen ratingfive i love this but getting bucks only to hard pls make this as easier ....
lentwelve ratingfive amazing but needs more events but get it downloaded,best game ever!!!
lenfiftyseven ratingfive works great on my tablet, my only issues with this game is the difficulty to earn coins and fish bucks. if those were easier i would play more often and i would actually buy them because i know i would be able to earn more after i blow through them so quickly because of the steep prices.
lenthirtyseven ratingfive i also read that there are some quests u must pay cash for and you can not skip it. we should be able to skip those even if we had to spend some coinage to do so.
lentwentyone ratingfive fix the ease of collecting coins, fish bucks, and lower prices in the store and it would be even more fun.
lentwelve ratingfour but it's hard to level up and gather up some bucks...
lenseven ratingfour love game but freezes on daily spin
lensixteen ratingfive it would be nice if you could earn fish bucks with some of the breeding fish.
lenthirteen ratingfive haven't had many problems with it forcing close since the update though.
leneighteen ratingfive fun game but needs to be easier to earn fish bucks and the events need to start sooner...
leneleven ratingfour 3 of my favorite fishes to buy and sell are all gone.
lennine ratingfour da big icons and the bubble r so rediculous!
lentwelve ratingfour but i ddnt like the way it looks at my toshiba tablet.
lentwentythree ratingfour its cool but it gets too repetitive there needs to be something more in between the growing, selling and breeding of the fishes.
lenseventeen ratingthree the only thing its missing is more fish,room and fish bucks its great but sometimes boring!
lenfifteen ratingfour fun but not enough to do everything takes so long. breeding, growing and so on
lenten ratingfour i like this a lot, but force closes soooo often
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game but it would be great if you could use your coins to buy fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingfive even if it would be 10,000 coins for one fish buck, it would ma
lensixteen ratingthree force closes wayyyy too much with new version on droid x, esp with the new event.
lenfive ratingthree always his issues loading too.
lensix ratingtwo soooooo smaallllll cant read the letters.....
leneighteen ratingfive only issue, my events and submarine ride options have completely disappeared and i'm not happy about that.
lenfourteen ratingthree bt now the thing thats keepin me from fully enjoyin it is the money..
lenfifteen ratingthree it seems we can get coins by the bunches bt we cant get fish bucks.
lenthirteen ratingthree mostly evrythin in the store is able to be bought by fish bucks.
lentwenty ratingthree and now i cant even play the new egyptian dive thing, it jus takes me back to my home screen.
leneleven ratingthree maybe its my phone bt the fish bucks needs more fixing.
lenfourteen ratingfive only downfall is when i got my new phone i lost my previous game
lentwentyfour ratingfive tapfish is a nice game but when it come to the bucks i a problem since i have no i have to wait 3 day.
lenthirteen ratingfour also if you pay for bucks you only get coins when you sell.
leneight ratingfour if you could earn bucks that would help.
leneleven ratingfour and if they got their time straight that would help too...
lenthirtyfour ratingfive just wish there was a way to trade in coins for fish bucks. don't like having to buy them in order to get the fish i need for trophies or challenges in breeding.
lentwentyeight ratingfour should be able to earn fishbucks easier or at least make some of the fish cheaper other than that seems like a pretty long term game not bad
lenfive ratingthree but it force closes alot!
lenten ratingfive anyone else having problems when trying to view your quests?
lenfive ratingfive app keeps crashing every time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo enjoying playing tap fish but constant force closes on quests beginning to get frustrating.
lentwentythree ratingone i'm changing my rating from 5 to 1 because i can't play any of the events without it up forcing me to close!
lentwentytwo ratingfour wish you could convert coins to bucks, or when you buy a fish for bucks you sell it for bucks, not coins...
lentwentyone ratingfive this is the best android game i have played and the only problem is u have to pay to get fishbucks.
lenfour ratingthree fish die too quickly.
lennine ratingthree expensive breedables but all in all, a good game.
leneleven ratingthree forced forecloses all the time sad because this game is awesome
lensixteen ratingone having issues with the game, i have not once been able to do a dive mission.
lennine ratingone game keep kicking me out every time i try.
leneighteen ratingfour this is a fun game and the kids enjoy it too, sometimes forces close but usual runs good.
lentwentyone ratingfive i only wish that wen i accidently deleted the app wen i got it bac i didnt hav to start over
lentwelve ratingthree just they need more free fish bucks, instead of objects not needed.
leneleven ratingthree i wish it wasn't so dependent on spending real money.
lenten ratingthree game shuts down alot but other than that its great.
lensixteen ratingthree way better then the exotic version, but still wish everything wasn't based off fish bucks.
lenfourteen ratingfour wish though that most of the items could be easilier purchased with just coins...
lenseven ratingthree sometime the program is forced to close.
lennineteen ratingfour i only wish you could speed up breeding labs faster earn more fish bucks and have more free quests!!!
leneleven ratingone third dam time this app has takin money off my account .
lenfifteen ratingthree could be easier to navigate and takes up way too much space on my phone.
leneight ratingthree relies too much on premium purchases as well.
lentwentyeight ratingfour best game ever i only wish i could transfer my tank from my old phone to my new phone so that i wouldn't have to start over.
lentwentynine ratingfour would give it 5 stars, but on my xperia mini pro the home button when visiting neighbours is really small, and i end up clicking objects rather than the button.
lenthirty ratingfive the game is absolutely enthralling, only it would be nice if the in-game clock didn't run absolutely off of real time due to thr fish breeding and ageing.
lentwentythree ratingfour always want to see what mystery fish i breed, but it runs slow i have to click the wait button way too often
lentwentytwo ratingfour although needing a card to purchase fish bucks or additional coins instead of putting it on the next phone bill is bummer
lensix ratingfive make fish bucks easier to earn....
lenten ratingfive it's cool and all but fishes are to expensive.
lenthirteen ratingfour love this game wish there was better ways to earn fish bucks though
lenseventeen ratingfive great app but the number of fishbucks is low and i wait too long to get 1 fishbuck
lensixteen ratingone i dont understand why we didnt have new year event for iso did thats not fair.
lenfourteen ratingone i would give five stars if we could get the events like iso does
lenseventeen ratingfive more free fish bucks and help to restore the previous games to bring over to another phone.
lennine ratingfour i love this game but needed to more option
lennine ratingfour i love this app but it a bit slow. :-)
lenten ratingfive love the game just wish it was a littles cheaper
lenten ratingone love it even more esp with the shorter breeding time.
lensixtythree ratingfive okay here's a idea do a pet event give a dog as a breedible and do one of the prizes a alligator please and do a gold fish in a bowl  decoration that moves if you can but if you don't like this idea you don't have to do it i just want to make tapfish a really cool game
lentwentytwo ratingfive i have my tanks for two day and i like it so far, i'm waiting for more ways to make money...
lenseventeen ratingfour when i try to breed my limited breedables i get  a message that i dont have any!
leneleven ratingfour the only problem is it's hard to get fish bucks...
lenten ratingfour i ended up with 15 watts to 8 swifty - losing 4 of them
lenthirtyseven ratingfour if those were easier i would play more often and i would actually buy them because i know i would be able to earn more after i blow through them so quickly because of the steep prices.
leneight ratingone i have lost a whole tank to them.
lennine ratingfive only wish more fish could be purchased with coins
lenseventeen ratingfour i would give it 5 star but every time play on  its some time freesy all the time.