lensix ratingfive i love this game play it.
lensixteen ratingfour i downloaded this game for my daughter, but i end up playing it all the time.
leneight ratingfive i love it better after i updated it
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lentwo ratingfive im hooked.
lenthree ratingone das messed up!!!!
lenfive ratingthree otherwise, a good, fun game.
lenseven ratingone please fix or i will be uninstalling.
lenfour ratingone christmas and non christmas.
lentwelve ratingthree been playing over a year but the new updates screwed it up!
lentwo ratingthree bit annoying.....
lentwentyfive ratingfive this game has been a blessing to me and her, we spend hours playing it together and she's learning a lot along the way.
lenthree ratingfour much more fun.
lensix ratingfour but overall its a good game. :-( & :-)
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!!!!!!!
lennine ratingfive tap fish is the best fish game out there.
lennine ratingfive (and ive looked)even better then fishville on facebook!!!
lentwenty ratingfour if you like games with get you addicted you will love this game been playing on my tablet and phone.
lensix ratingfive great fun, cant put it down
lenfour ratingfive soooo addicted to it.
lenfour ratingfive i loved this game!
leneight ratingtwo before the update i would have given 5 stars.
lenseven ratingtwo the layering update is a total disaster.
lensix ratingone uninstalled and will never install again.
lenfour ratingfive just love the game.
lenfour ratingfive a great little game
lenfour ratingfive i loooove this game!
lenseven ratingfive i give this game a five star...
lenseventeen ratingfive i love playing tapfish and also think the live wallpaper is neat on my phone and tablet..
lenfourteen ratingfive i have my own real fishtanks at home but i still play tapfish lol
leneight ratingfive love this i have no problems with tapfish.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenten ratingthree my other apps/games started back where i left off.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenseven ratingfive the fish are cute i like it.
lenfour ratingfive great and addicted app!!
lenthree ratingfive love this game.
lenthree ratingthree mehh gotten better
lentwo ratingfive itz cool
lenfive ratingfour looks great on a tablet!
leneleven ratingfive this game has never failed on me unlike many other apps..
lenthree ratingfive love the game....
leneight ratingfive and it was fine on my htc inspire???
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
leneleven ratingfive its addictive and my 6 month old loves interacting with the fish!
leneight ratingthree this is a fairly good fish tank simulation.
lenfour ratingone game bought by syrians.
lenten ratingfive it is time consuming to level but a nice challenge
lenten ratingone fix this asap or i'm done with this game.
lenseventeen ratingfive its fun when u r waiting somewhere like dr office or while ur wife shop or (browsers!!!!!)
lensix ratingfive its like playing a facebook game;-)
lenfour ratingfive very fun to play
lentwentyseven ratingthree come on it makes it no fun bcuz i can't afford to play n get trophies n my 8 yr old son n i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive much improved from 2 years ago!
lensix ratingfive this is a veary fun game
lenfour ratingfour tap fish is awesome!
lentwenty ratingfive you will have to keep up your coin count with breeding and selling fish but that's free and easy!
lensix ratingfive me and my kids love it!
lenthirteen ratingfive easier to manage tanks and breeding when using a spreadsheet to keep track.
leneight ratingfive it grat i love it play a lot
lenthree ratingfive game is great...
lenfour ratingfive i love this game..
lenthirtyeight ratingfive i love this game it is very interesting and it is fun it is like having your own fish and being able to take care of them and there are fish that you would never think of it
lensix ratingfive i still absolutely love this app.
lenfive ratingfour i love the different events.
lensix ratingfive its like we have real pets
lenthree ratingfive great casual game.
leneight ratingfour my kids & i like to play this game.
lenfour ratingtwo cool game i guess!!
lenseven ratingone i'm very unhappy with this game!!
lenthirtytwo ratingfive i luv this app it is awsome i get ro feed and buy fish with fish bucks and fish tokens u dont even have to buy any thing with your own money.
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthirteen ratingfour takes a while to gt into bt whn u gt goin its good :-)
leneleven ratingfive tap fish has really improved after mobage sold out to gameview......
lenseven ratingfive i wish i could give more stars!!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive its a great gane
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lenfour ratingfive great to pass time
lentwo ratingfour fun game..
lenthree ratingfive enjoy playing it
lensix ratingfive its like a real fish tank
lenfour ratingfive totaly love this game
lentwo ratingfive help asap!
lenthree ratingfive love this game!
lenthree ratingfive when passing time
lenthree ratingfive super love it
leneight ratingfive i am at a stop in the game.
lenthree ratingone pls fix issues.
leneight ratingfive its good for when your bored and stuff
lentwo ratingfive excellent app
leneight ratingfive i love it it is a good addition
lenfive ratingfour keeps me busy for hours.
lenseventeen ratingfive i love it it soothes me when nothing else in the world seemd to be going right
lenseven ratingfive great game tons of fun very addictive
lenfive ratingfive this game is so fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour love breeding fish!
lenfourteen ratingone i love this game and i started all over yet again for the 3rd time!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!!
lensix ratingfour really fun game, much easier too :)
lenthirteen ratingthree tap fish is a good game but it got boring after a bit.
lenfive ratingthree reveiw by lucia malvone, aged 9.
lenseven ratingfive don't f up no more people.
lenfourteen ratingfive enjoy it almost as much as my real ones, clean up is easier too.
lenseven ratingfive all i gotta say is its awesome
lentwo ratingfive absolutely fun
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lenfour ratingfive new version is great
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfive best pet ever--fish to feed, watch, and breed while designing the entire dreamy aquarium theme
lentwelve ratingfive it keeps my son occupied and in his social state of mind...
lensixteen ratingthree but overall the game is great fun,   even though i spend way too much time playing.
lenten ratingthree fun way to take care of fish without the expense.
lenfifteen ratingfive i luv the game who ever doesent have this game u need to get it
lenfour ratingfive super fun, super addicting!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfive ratingfive i really like the app.
lenthirty ratingone i've had this game for a year and i think i'm going to uninstall it because there's nothing to do but feed fish and clean out tanks.
lenfour ratingfive the best game fish
lenthree ratingfour fun to play.
lennine ratingfive i don't think anyone can top this game.
leneighteen ratingfive can design your own tank, takes a little while to complete tasks they give you but pretty awesome!
lenfour ratingfive i love this app...
leneight ratingfive it's fun,and i love my fish!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive best fish game ever!!!!
leneleven ratingfive fun games to get more fish and objects for your tank
lenseventeen ratingfive im just glad that i dont havebto sit at a computer to play a game like this.
lentwo ratingfive nice app
leneight ratingone i uninstalled, reinstalled & restored (major pita) no help!!!
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenfive ratingfive so easy my kids play :)
lenthirteen ratingthree you must clean the tank and feed the fish on a regular basis.
lennine ratingthree i'm only at level 6 so maybe this improves.
leneleven ratingfive this game keeps my chold quite for hours at a time.
leneight ratingfive my six year old niece loves this app!
lenseven ratingfive has qwirks, but a great addictive game
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lentwo ratingfive translation awesome
lenthree ratingfive very nice app.
lenfour ratingfive a good pass time.
lenfour ratingthree basic game, pretty zen.
lennine ratingfive i have played this game  in  my sisters cell.
lentwo ratingfive fun fun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfive what a cool game!
lentwo ratingfour great app....
lenfive ratingfour i like fish live better
lenfour ratingfive tap fish is great
lentwo ratingfive nice game
leneighteen ratingfive i have been hooked for a couple of years, and i still can't put the game down.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lensix ratingfour runs well on my s iii.
lensix ratingthree the secret is the white grunt.
lenthirteen ratingfive recommended game - last 4 spin to win free have been the same rocks item....
lenseven ratingfive i am very addicted to this game
lenfour ratingfive so awesome love it!!!
lenthree ratingfour good time waster
lenseven ratingfive good app fun when time to kill
lenfour ratingfive love this crazy game!
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lensixteen ratingthree ya its a good game but there are few things to upgrade work on that guys
lenfifteen ratingfive but had to cuz i play this game more then i talk on the phone!
lenthree ratingfive its amazingly great
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lennine ratingfive if u like fish u will love this game
lentwo ratingfive fun game..
lennineteen ratingfive i love this game but the only thing wrong with it is that i can't stop playing it !
leneight ratingfour love this game and so does my grandson.
lensix ratingfive i can't stop playing it ;)
lenfive ratingfive good fun love this game.....
lenthree ratingfive nice time killer
lenseventeen ratingfour a fairly good rendering of tap fish although the one i recall from ios had better gameplay
lenfour ratingfour plus it's free!
lenseven ratingfive it's relaxing and fun to play.
lenfour ratingfive i love this app!
lentwo ratingfive love itpppl
lenfive ratingfive this game is da shiznit.
lenthree ratingfive verry nice game..
lentwo ratingfive amazing game
lenthree ratingfive great addictive game!!
lenfour ratingfive entertaining as hell lol
lenfour ratingfour finally fixed by devs.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lenthirteen ratingthree fish keep dying & had to write a review to get fish bucks.... :d
lensix ratingfive i played for over six months.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour love this game!!
lensix ratingfive this game is my stress reliever
lennineteen ratingone go ahead have fun trying to make some money to buy stuff that you must have to move forward.
lentwo ratingfive fun fun
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenseven ratingfive lots of fun for the whole family
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
leneight ratingfive one of the best hammed i ever playex
leneleven ratingfive daily lookafter and play game with interesting events to liven itup
lentwo ratingtwo sprint evo 4g.
lenfour ratingtwo the egyptian game is.
lenseven ratingfive great app ongoing  enjoyment with holiday bonuses
lensixteen ratingfive but this game is awesome and love all the different fish to raise, breed and sell!
lentwo ratingfive excellent game
lenfour ratingthree decent to cure bordom
lenfive ratingfive my gf loves this game!!
lenfour ratingthree i love the game.
lentwo ratingfive exciting game!!!
lenfive ratingfive its so fun and relaxing.
lenthree ratingtwo thid really sucks!!!!!!!!
lenseven ratingtwo initially i rated this game as 5 stars.
lentwentysix ratingfive best fish app ever so fun even for adults and children its awesome and gives off some responsibility and you feel as if their so real.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive i can't stop playing
lenseventeen ratingfive i had this game for another andriod and it was bad but now this game is amazing.
lensix ratingfive tapfish is fun, challenging and addictive.
lenfive ratingfive other than that, enjoyable app.
lensix ratingfive this game is so much fun
lenthree ratingthree lovely fish tanks.
lenthree ratingthree terrible games tho.
lenthree ratingfive totally cool game!!
lenfive ratingone emailed developer but no response.
lentwo ratingfive cool game.  :)
lenfourteen ratingfive u just have to manage ur fish to get as many coins as possible
lenten ratingfive tapfish is the best virtual reality fish app out there!
lenfive ratingfour other than that great game.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenseven ratingfive i'm addicted i love this game
leneight ratingfive best app ever the fish are sooo adorable
lenten ratingthree if they fix this then its worth a 5 star rating.
lenseven ratingfour very relaxing to hear the water bubbling.
lennine ratingfour only takes a few minutes and you're done.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive fun to play
leneleven ratingfive great game for children as well as adults to pass time!
lenfive ratingfive like a little too much!
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenfour ratingfive great game, fantastic graphics...
lenthree ratingfour love the game..
lenfive ratingfive i have a gallaxy stellar.
leneleven ratingfour had this game on my 4th gen. ipod touch before it broke.
lentwo ratingfour great game
lennine ratingfive fun game to keep occupied during any down time.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo i could start up the game and play for a minute, then turn it off easily with no glitches in gameplay and no force closes.
leneight ratingtwo a great game has become my worst nightmare.
lenfour ratingfive great way to relax!
lensixteen ratingfive found this for my daughter to play and i wound up playing more than she does!
lentwentysix ratingfive looking for a game my children could play, i came across tap fish so i let them try it and found they both love the game!
lennine ratingfive i like dis game so much keeps me busy!
lenfour ratingthree fish live is better.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfive great game...
lentwo ratingfive super awesome
lenfourteen ratingfive one of the few games that can keep my attention past a few weeks.
lenseventeen ratingone you spend $ for a free game only for them not to give you what you paid for.
lenforty ratingfive i love this game i'm on it for hours at a time like now, i have a newborn and it's 3 a.m. i should be trying to get some sleep but i'm stuck on my fish lol.
lenfour ratingfour i love my fishies!!
lensix ratingfive tapfish is a great casual play.
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lentwentythree ratingfive i recently got my own tablet, so one of the first things i did was look for a fish aquarium app to download.
lentwo ratingfive tommy-gunn
lentwelve ratingfour try deity wars use my referral code bla2248 for free legend card pack.
lentwenty ratingfive its awesome, gives me something to do when i'm bored, my kid loves it, and the fish are cool.
lenthree ratingfive easy to play.
lenthree ratingfive lots of fun
lenfourteen ratingthree i also have a question and i will appreciate it if i have ans....
lensix ratingfive awesome game, great for kids too!
lenseven ratingfive still have trouble figuring it out though
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive awesome great game!!!!
lenthree ratingfive funest game ever
lenthirteen ratingfive recommended game - last 4 spin to win free have been the same rocks item....
lenfive ratingfive i really like tap fish.
lenfour ratingfive the game is awesome
lentwo ratingfive great game.
lenthree ratingfive hours of entertainment!
leneight ratingfive breeding new kinds of fish keeps it interesting.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game! :)
lenfive ratingfive very entertaining very good note
lentwelve ratingfour awesome game, with a great variety of fish including my favorite, cichlids.
lenfour ratingfour i enjoy this game.
lenfour ratingfive its a great game.....
lenfifteen ratingfive and from reading all of the reviews i really don't want to buy the....
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenten ratingfive love the fact it costs nothing to play and succeeded
lensix ratingfour will play couple days and update.
lenseven ratingfive but this game is soo much better!
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour great little game.
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!!
lensix ratingfive that would speed up the processes.
lenten ratingthree i only keep enough fish to keep my soon happy.
lenfour ratingone _droid bionic at level 48_
lensix ratingfive im having fun with my fishes.
leneight ratingfive very cool game keep up the good work.
lenfive ratingfour alright game and works well.
lensix ratingfive great passtime and so much fun!
leneight ratingfive nice to play when im waiting for people;)
lennine ratingfive awesome i love it i just absolutely love it!
lenfour ratingfive i love this app
leneight ratingfour but my 2yr old loves playing with the fish...!
lenthree ratingfive love this game...
lentwelve ratingfive its fun u can buy fish breed fish and visit peoples tanks!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthree ratingfour its super addicting!!
lenthirteen ratingfive love the game works great with the experia u would recumend it to every1
lenseven ratingthree passes time and that's about it
lentwo ratingthree kinda iteration
lenthree ratingfive yea not bad
lensix ratingfive she likes to feed the fish !!
lenfour ratingfive so fun and addicting!
lensixteen ratingfive can youse fix this please or send me a suggestion on how to fix it please?
lenthree ratingfive love this game.!!!!
lenthree ratingfour add me, booboohoneybun
lentwo ratingfive great game
lensixteen ratingfive you can breed new species of fish, and learn about the aquarium species there are now.
lenseven ratingthree it can be fun when your bored
lenthree ratingfive love this app!!!!!!!!
lensix ratingfive i love this game so much.
lenfifteen ratingfive the application manager, when you email then they actually help to resolve the minor problems.
lenseven ratingfive thank you for getting me my event
lentwelve ratingfive my sister had it on her phone and now i have it!
lenseven ratingfour but the game is still very addicting.
lentwenty ratingfive i enjoy playing this game because my parents dont' let me have real fish so i play with virtual ones
lenfour ratingfive fun game im addict.
leneight ratingfive tap fish is soooo addictive, its the best!
lenfive ratingfive good way to pass time.
lenfour ratingfour i love this app!
lentwelve ratingfour fish bucks are required to get the best fish and to decorate...=\
lenseven ratingfive lots of detail and fun to play.
lenseven ratingfive includes a live background of your tank.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenten ratingone im sick of trying to play and it massing up
lentwo ratingfour great app.
lenthirtyone ratingfive i love the way you are able to make these tanks very realistic if you choose to do so,which is exactly what i have done with all 4 of my tanks.
lenfifteen ratingfive it is not the easiest thing to do in this game ,that's for sure.
leneight ratingfive other than that, i absolutely love this game.
lenfive ratingfive it's a great game...
lenthree ratingthree son likes it
lenthirteen ratingthree all sums i love it of it listen to a get fish dollars
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!
lenfour ratingfive this game is tight
lenthree ratingthree lg optimus zip
lensix ratingfive i love collecting fish and decorations!
lenthirteen ratingfive been tapping for a couple years now and have not had any issues.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lensix ratingfive i play it all the time
lensix ratingfive what happened to tap fish plus?
lentwo ratingfive awesome game!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenfour ratingfive entertaining to pass time
lenthirtyseven ratingfive love tap fish its an awesome game its really like having your own fish to feed and love and you can add neighbors so you can level up i deffinitly say this game is one to download
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lenthree ratingfive daughter loves it
lenseventeen ratingfive my little brother loves to take care of all the fish,cleaning the tank,and breeding them.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game i love it
lenseven ratingfour my two year old loves this game.
lensix ratingfour very addicting and keeps you playing.
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lenfive ratingfive a fun and addicting game!
lensix ratingfive other than that its outrageously fun
lenfifteen ratingfive i enjoy playing this game even though i have a couple issues with the game.
lenfourteen ratingfive i like the game, and when you change devices customer support is very helpful.
lennine ratingfive she loveswatching the fish swim and the different kinds
lentwo ratingfour tap fish
lentwo ratingtwo cool game
lennine ratingfive barbara in mobile al very therapeutic helps you relax
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!
lentwo ratingfive grt gm
lentwo ratingfive fun game
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenfour ratingfive i like the breeding.
lennine ratingtwo the game is gud n not boring to ply
lentwo ratingfive favorite game.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lensix ratingfive i play constantly, perfect time killer.
lenfive ratingfive hope this is a bug.
lennine ratingfive great fun really enjoy taking care of these fish.
lenfour ratingfour can't stop playing
leneight ratingone it won't let me play my game
lenthree ratingfive awesome n addictive!!
lensix ratingone dissapointed looked like a cool game.
lenthree ratingfive love this app!!!
lenthree ratingfive awesome time killer
lenten ratingfive so please people feed da lil fish and keep breedn...
lenten ratingfive if u like exotic fish and maintain the fish tank...
lenfour ratingfive the fun is limitless...
leneleven ratingfive love it keeps me occupied fru owt da day highly addictive.
lenthree ratingfive an amazing game!
lentwo ratingfive great game :-)
lenten ratingfive its so fun and very one should have tap fish
lenfive ratingfive my daughter loves this game.
lenfour ratingfive she loves the colors
leneight ratingfive it's so pretty the graphics are great
lenthree ratingfive love this game!!!!!
lenseven ratingfive this is a fun enjoyable awesome game.
leneighteen ratingfive they have even compensated me with me with the coins and fish bucks i would have to give 5 *
lensix ratingfive i really enjoy playing this game.
leneleven ratingfive tapfish works for me just like cigarettes works for other people...
lenseven ratingfive it's relaxes and eases your mind...
leneleven ratingone i will return my 5 star rating when you fix these problems!
leneight ratingfour it has improved greatly with no freezing problems.
lentwentythree ratingfour i've changed phones several times and it's so easy to get all my progress back when i download the game again.
lensix ratingfour unlike several of my other games.
lenseven ratingfour thanks for making it so user friendly!
lenfifteen ratingfive great game, addicting, and i can't stop checking my fish on my spare time.
lentwo ratingfive highly recommended
lenthree ratingfive breed all fishes
lenfour ratingfive the best fish game.
lensix ratingfive feed them or they will die!
leneleven ratingfive mine died and this game said rate its and recieve 2 fishbucks .
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive very entertaining app!
lenfour ratingfive i love my fishies!
lentwelve ratingfive i like that you have 2 feed the fish in clean the tank?
lenfive ratingfive love breeding different fish together.
lenfive ratingfive great game i love it
lenthree ratingfive really cool game
lentwo ratingfive fun game.
lenten ratingfive i play it with my 3yr old and she loves it.
lenthree ratingfive love tap fish..
leneight ratingthree my son loves this game but he's 5!
lenfive ratingone update was a complete fail!!!!
lentwelve ratingone yet another amazing game ruined because of laziness and lack of effort..!..
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfive ratingfive it is ao much fun.
lenfive ratingfive i really enjoy this game
lenfour ratingone help us save data.
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenten ratingfive i live this game i play it all the time
lennine ratingfive love how u can make it ur wall paper
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenten ratingfive u don't need a real fish tank with this.
lenfive ratingfive hours and hours of fun.
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneighteen ratingfive wonderful game but i don't like how u have to update it or u can't play
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwo ratingfour fun game.
lenthree ratingfive fun and addictive
lentwentyfour ratingfive my son and i enjoy this game a lot, good teaching tool for starting to take care of a pet, even if its virtual
lenfour ratingfive i love my fishies
lennineteen ratingfour it really cool  and fun put all the rich cost fish bucks but other why's its epicly awesome
lennine ratingfive it's a great game i love it's
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun!
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!
lentwelve ratingfour it gives me something to do between classes and is very addicting (:
lenfourteen ratingfive i wish i wish i was a fish a fish i wish i was
lenfive ratingfive very addictive and fun game.
lenseven ratingfive allmost like they become your real pets
lenthree ratingfour k nice game
lenfive ratingfive good game fun and addicting
lenfive ratingfive i play all the time.
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is so fun and and i love this game so fun
lenfourteen ratingone i used to love this game and play it every day untill this ''update''
lensix ratingone came along now i cant play?!
lenthree ratingone 1 star untill fixed!
lenthree ratingfive great time killer!
lenfive ratingfive it's fun and easy :)
lentwentytwo ratingfive i love it but sadly i uninstalled because i work more than play but its a great game i'd recommend it
lenfive ratingfive good way to waste time.
lentwo ratingfive cool game
leneight ratingfive buena juego, keeps me entertained during boring days.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingone why is tapfish disabled
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenseven ratingfive i think it s a fun game.
lensixty ratingfive i love thise game its so much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-):-$b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-):-$b-):-$b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-)b-):-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*
lennine ratingfour other than that it's a lot of fun
lenseven ratingfive i love it please i need neighbors
lenfourteen ratingfive still a fun game, my kids enjoy helping me take care of the fish.
lensix ratingfive this is the sweetest game ever!
leneleven ratingfour good fun for a few weeks, then the novelty wears off
lenfour ratingfive great app, very addicting
lenseventeen ratingfive this game is so fun and addictive i love it let your kids get it builds responsibility
lentwo ratingfive nice game
lenthirteen ratingfive this game is a great way to have fun and take away boredom
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfour ratingfour good  fun to play
lentwo ratingfive great game
leneight ratingthree pls fix cos don't want to uninstall.
lennine ratingfour i dont have enough time to play like that.
lenthree ratingfive nice to play.
lensixteen ratingfive i play this game all the time and it is the funnest game on my phone.
lenseven ratingfive awesome feels like i really have fish
lensix ratingfour good way to pass the time
lentwelve ratingfive u can also sell and buy fishes and visit ur neighbor tank
lenthree ratingfive love this game! !
lenfour ratingfive very addicting super amazing!
lentwo ratingfive awesome game
lenthirteen ratingfive one of the best interactive game i've played since getting the phone.
lenfour ratingone please get it sorted!
lenfive ratingfive very entertaining very good note
lenseven ratingfive this game is awesome, excellent, and amazing!
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lenthree ratingfive youve been warned
lensixteen ratingfive i love this game it like i really have pets i need to take care of
lentwo ratingfive fun game
leneight ratingfive this is one fun game everyone can enjoy
lenthree ratingfour fun casual game
lenthree ratingfive vary good game.
lenthree ratingfive love to play
lensix ratingfive i love the game so much
lensix ratingfive good way to pass the time
leneight ratingfive really i feel its like original fish tank....
lentwo ratingfive wonderful tank
leneight ratingfive fun to breed and watch the fish grow!
lensix ratingfive this is such a fun app!
lenfour ratingfive i'm officially addicted!
lenfive ratingfour great game i love it!
lentwentyeight ratingfive thanks for a fun time passer and the ability to have an aquarium with out all the hassle of maintenance and the expenses of the real life hobby.
lenfive ratingfour this game is so cute!...
lenseven ratingfour fun app for me and my preschooler.
lenseven ratingfive this is such a great aquarium app.
lentwo ratingfive soo adictive
lenfive ratingfive im addicted to this game
lensix ratingfour i dont like dis game anymore!
lenfour ratingfour i hate d updates!
lenfour ratingfour going to delete soon!
leneight ratingfour after the update look i rarely play it.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game!
lenthree ratingfive player love it
lenfour ratingfive keeps my girls entertained...
lenseven ratingfive the best aquarium game i have found!
lenthree ratingfive hi awesome game
lenseven ratingthree this game is fun,entertaining and cool.
lensix ratingfour tapfish it is fun and calming.
lenfour ratingfive i like  this, game
leneleven ratingfour you want alot of money for a little game/hobby/distraction.
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenfive ratingfive my kid enjoy this app
lenthree ratingfive cant stop playing...
lenfive ratingfour its ok to pass time
lenseven ratingfive my 19 month old son loves this app
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingthree makes it hard to play
lenseven ratingfive this game is one of my favorites!
lenfourteen ratingfive it is always relaxing and fun to watch all the beautiful fish swim around.
lentwentyone ratingfive i haven't spent a penny on this game and enjoy it more than ones that i have  spent money on.
leneleven ratingfive i tell all my friends and family to get this game!
lenfour ratingfour i like this game
lenfour ratingfive enjoy playing this game
lenten ratingfour my two year old loves to play with the fishies
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lensix ratingfive brilliant way to spend free time.
lenten ratingfive really enjoy the events too, keeps it from getting stale.
lensix ratingfive very interesting and alot of fun.
lensix ratingfive it made the game really fun!
lenfive ratingthree this game if really fun.
lenthree ratingthree thats a bummer.
lenthree ratingthree lk major fixing.
lenfive ratingfive awesome game, no thinking need..
lenfive ratingfive super like the new events
lenthree ratingfour love this game
lentwo ratingfive great app
lentwo ratingfour great fun.
lenfourteen ratingfour a wonderful way to create something yourself when waiting in line or just because
lentwentyone ratingfive i luv dis game its da first thing i do n da morning an da last thing i do at night
lentwo ratingfour col game
lenfour ratingfive just like old times!
lentwo ratingfive getting addicted
lenfive ratingfive by far my favorite app.
lenthree ratingfive love this game..
lenfourteen ratingfour plenty of opportunties to earn free bucks but they are not required to play
lenfour ratingfour i love this game!!
lenthree ratingfive fun fish tank.
lenfourteen ratingfive i wear glasses too and i don't have a problem with the screen.
lennine ratingfive its fun when im bord can i play offline?
lenthree ratingfive teaches kids responsibility!
leneleven ratingfive with the new bug fixes i can open the app easily.
lenfourteen ratingfive i love the variety of sea life and being able to customize my tanks!
lenfour ratingfive my kid loves it.
leneleven ratingfour you have to wait a certain amt of time for things...
lenfive ratingfour like fish growing up, etc...
lenten ratingfour and it'll say 4 hours but that turns into 8 hours.
lentwo ratingfour super frustrating!!!
lenthree ratingfour so double frustrating.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingthree my kids love it!
lenseven ratingtwo i have emailed with request to fix.
lenfive ratingtwo more stars when fix provided.
lentwo ratingfive ongoing fun.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lennine ratingfive i might downgrade it to 4 * because my fish died
lentwelve ratingthree i like breeding challenges, not crazy about length of time sub takes...
lenfive ratingfive fun app for all ages
lenfour ratingfive having a lovely time.
lenthree ratingfive game is great .
lenten ratingfive have lot of fun with the so many fish breed
lenfour ratingfive i absolutely love it!!
lentwo ratingone totally sucks!
lentwo ratingfour ~pantech breakout~
lensixteen ratingfive tap fish is a really fun game n it really teaches me how to be responsible
lentwo ratingfive outstanding game!
leneight ratingfive look forward to breeding even more unique species.
lenthree ratingfive love this gane
leneight ratingfive i have always loved gold fish so much.
lennine ratingfive i was so happy when i found your game.
lenten ratingfive its benn a good 3 yrs since i've been playing.
lensixteen ratingfive i must admit i become attached tto some of them, and its not a good thing.
lenseven ratingfive thank you so much for the game!!!
lennine ratingfive this game is a good adventure and realistic game!!!
lenten ratingfive it is my four year olds has her own tank.
lenfour ratingfive plus great overall fun .
lennine ratingfive also it's very relaxing and helps relive stress.
lenfour ratingfive i love this game....
lenfour ratingfour ok to pass time
lentwo ratingfive awesome game.
lenfour ratingfive i luv tap fish
lenfive ratingfive this game is so addictive.
lenfortythree ratingfive my husband and i literally challenge each other just to see who can make it to the next level fast enough lol its a great game and i wish i could rate it a 10 but since i can't ill give ya 5 stars..
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
lentwentysix ratingfour tap fish allows you as many tanks as you can afford it takes awhile to find and remember where the fish that you like all are.
lensix ratingfour you get 50 fish which is great
lentwo ratingfive loveee iiit <3
lenfive ratingfive really good game love it
lenthree ratingfive cool like it
lenten ratingtwo zap fish  does not put your money on your game.
lentwo ratingfive great game!
leneight ratingthree would be admit more intrested if that changed!
lenfive ratingfive i really love this game.
lentwentythree ratingfive sure it cost real bucks if you want but there are ways to earn fishbucks and it doesn't cost you real money.
lentwelve ratingfive the challange here here is not jus the quests but the breedings!
leneleven ratingfive you breed these amazing types of fish and keep them forever!
lennine ratingfive plus they depend on you and you need them.
lensix ratingfive it's really fun and addictive.
lenfive ratingfive this is an awesome app
lenthree ratingfive hours of fun
lentwentyone ratingone i have spent over a year to get as far as i have and purchased fish bucks with my real money!
lenthree ratingfive very entertaining app!
lenfour ratingfive i love my fishies!
lenfour ratingfour the game is addicting.
lenthree ratingfive fun fun fun
lenseven ratingfour tap fish is a really fun app
lenfive ratingfive im totally addicted to it.
lentwentyseven ratingfive my 4 yr old loves waking me up in the morning to give him my phone so he can feed the fish its kinda a good learning tool
lenten ratingthree but it is overall a nice way to keep fish.
lensix ratingfive this game is a hidden gem
lenfour ratingfour i love this game.
leneleven ratingfour i ab love this ap so many fun things to do.
lenfour ratingfive the game is awsome
lenthree ratingfour great little game.
lenfive ratingfour great for kids and adults
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenfive ratingone do not install this app !!!!
lenfive ratingone this app is pure bullshit.
lenthree ratingone worthless and installing.
lenfourteen ratingone less than one star from me and also letting others know to install this.
lenthree ratingfive awesome very addictive
lentwenty ratingone this company is all about sucking you in, then making you pay.money to play any new challenges or game.
leneight ratingone there is nothing free about gameview's games.
lentwo ratingfive great game
lenthree ratingfour good addictin game
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lenthree ratingfive fun and intersting.
lenfour ratingfive i love my fish.
lenfour ratingfive love it sooo much!!
lenthree ratingfive love the game
lentwo ratingfour cool game
leneighteen ratingfive they have even compensated me with me with the coins and fish bucks i would have to give 5 *
leneight ratingfour love the game, brilliant for passing the time.
leneight ratingfive love the game keep up the great work!!!
lentwo ratingfour fun game
lenfifteen ratingthree i really like this game other than when i got sick all my fish died
lennine ratingfive what can be better than having a portable aquarium?
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive tells you how to feed,grow,andlove
lenten ratingfive game is fun and helps pass the time when bored
lenseven ratingfive great game easy to play but intense
lenthree ratingfive game is weird
lensix ratingfive this app is so much fun
lenthree ratingfive very addicting game
lentwo ratingfour super addictive!
lenseven ratingfive i wish i could give more stars!!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfive love my little fishies
lenten ratingfive love it and can't wait to earn more coiin
lenthree ratingfive love this game
lentwo ratingfour relaxing & fun
lensix ratingfour this game is lots of fun.
lenthree ratingfive fun addictive game
lenthree ratingfour fun  a+ game.
lenthree ratingfour fun pass time...
lenseven ratingfive takes a long time to get ahead...
lenfour ratingfive i like this game
lenfour ratingfive i love this game:)!
lenten ratingfive starting thanksgiving even just a few days before is pointless
lenfour ratingfive i love this game.
lenfour ratingfive great for all ages.
leneight ratingfive tapfish is the only fish game worth having.
lentwelve ratingfive i've tried others but they're not a patch on this.
lenthree ratingfour love this game
leneight ratingfive great app, great detail and some fab fishes
lennine ratingfour love it because i cant have a real tank!
lensix ratingfive love this pretty n simple ap
lentwo ratingfive great game!
lenseven ratingfive its like having real fish at home.
lenthree ratingfive i love it!
leneleven ratingfive even my 11 year old sister likes it more than i do!
lenseven ratingfive i give this game 5 out of 5 stars!
lentwo ratingfive great app
leneight ratingfive rating so i can earn more fish bucks
lenthree ratingfive kwl app bro
lennine ratingfour it takes forever for fish to grow and breed.
lenfive ratingfour it gets boring after awhile.
lenfive ratingfive this game is so cool:-)
lenseven ratingfive good time passer and its very fun!
lennine ratingfive my three year old and i love this game!
lenfive ratingfive love this it's addicting
lensix ratingfive my daughters care the fishes nice
lenfour ratingfive thanks for the game ^_^
lentwo ratingfive tap fish
leneight ratingfive rating so i can earn more fish bucks
lensixteen ratingtwo i thought it was a wallpaper for my tablet, not a gam   graphicks are alright though
